{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12070876", "title": "UP: 57 per cent votes cast in 6th phase", "text": "LUCKNOW: An estimated 57 per cent votes were today cast in the sixth and penultimate phase of Uttar Pradesh Assembly polls in 68 seats across 13 districts, popularly known as the Jat land, where voting was by and large peaceful.\"Barring minor incidents, polling process was peacefully over at 5 PM and as per an estimate 57 per cent of 2.17 crore voters exercised their franchise,\" an Election Commission official said.Today polls will decide the fate of 1103 candidates, including 86 women.Police used mild force to disperse a local BSP leader and his supporters who created a ruckus at a polling centre at Singhani gate area in Ghaziabad on the outskirts fo Delhi. They were protesting against the absence of booth level officers to distribute voter slips.Similarly, in Agra, people were agitated over alleged irregularities at a centre at Ahmadia Hameedia college in Mantola.In Bhatta Parsaul, which was the centre of the land acquisition row, farmers were seen coming out to vote. Their leader Manvir Singh Tevatia, who had spearheaded the farmers' agitation, is fighting elections from jail. The area falls under the Jewar Assembly seat.Congress has fielded Dhirendra Singh from Jewar. He was the man on whose bike Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had reached Bhatta Parsaul last year.In Chief Minister Mayawati's native Badalpur village, farmers had lined up to cast their vote even before the polling began. BSP has fielded Satvir Gujjar, the sitting MLA, while Congress has fielded Samir Bhatti.Bhatti had once served as MLA from Dadri and his father Mahinder Singh Bhatti represented the seat twice. BJP has fielded Nawab Singh Nagar, who was twice elected MLA from the seat. Samajwadi Party has fielded Raj Kumar Bhatti.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12068964", "title": "Kajal Aggarwal signs next film with Akshay Kumar", "text": "Quietly on Thursday morning the shooting of A Wednesday director Neeraj Pandey's second film 'Special Chabbis' started in Delhi. And there is a surprise in the cast.Finally 7 months after her blockbuster debut in Rohit Shetty's Singham, Telugu star Kajal Aggarwal has signed yet another film.Setting aside all the biggies that were offered to her after Singham Kajal has opted for offbeat director Neeraj Pandey's take on on the real-life daring heist in 1987 where an unknown man posing as CBI officer Mon Singh recruited 26 men and executed a daylight raid on the Opera House branch of Tribhuvandas Bhimji Jewellers in Mumbai, and disappeared with jewellery worth lakhs.Kajal plays a specially-written role of Mon Singh's love-interest. Says a source very close to the project, \"Kajal is the only female character in a film about 26 men pulling off a daylight raid right under the cops' nose. Everyone including Akshay felt that the film needed a certain amount of feminine glamour. So a role was specially written for Kajal in this men's film.\"Akshay apparently was keen that Kajal come on-board. After his spectacularly successful screen-jodi with Priyanka Chopra and Katrina Kaif , Akshay has been on the look-out for another screen queen to keep step with him on screen.Kajal, Akshay feels, could be the girl with whom he could form a new hit jodi.While Kajal remained unavailable for comment a source close to the project quietly informed us, \"A lot of actors including Ajay Devgn with whom she made her Hindi debut in Singham was keen to get her to do a second film. But Kajal wanted to be adventurous and different. She had seen Neeraj Pandey's A Wednesday and loved it. More importantly she knew she wanted to work with Akshay Kumar as much as he wanted to work with her. The charm of doing Special Chabbis is that she's the only female character in the film.\"The film's producers Viacom 18 were keen to bring the Singham girl into Special Chabbis opposite Akshay Kumar.While Akshay and Kajal Aggarwal join the shooting from March 1 in Delhi, Anupam Kher and Jimmy Sheirgil started shooting with Neeraj Pandey on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12070930", "title": "Huge relief for NRI couple in Norway, uncle to get custody of kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a breakthrough in the NRI children custody row, the Norwegian child welfare service today decided to award the custody of two children to the brother of their father enabling him to bring them back to India.\"This week, the child welfare service (CWS) in Stavanger completed its talks with the uncle in the child welfare case concerning two Indian children. It has been concluded that care of the two children should be awarded to the brother of the children?s father enabling him to take the children back to India,\" CWS said in a press statement.The proposed solution will be presented on March 23, the provisional date for the hearing, to Stavanger district court which will take the final decision in the case.This arrangement requires, however, that the child welfare service ensures that the necessary legal framework and follow-up procedures are in place in order to safeguard the children?s best interests and enable the uncle to deal with the situation in the best possible way, CWS said.Abhigyan (1) and Aishwarya (3), children of Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya, an NRI couple living there, were taken away by Barnevarne, Norwegian CWS, last May on the ground of \"emotional disconnect\" and put in a foster home.Ministry of external affairs has been making huge efforts to impress upon the Norwegian authorities to find an amicable and urgent solution to the row with foreign minister SM Krishna assuring that the children would be brought home at \"any cost\".In the statement, the CWS also said \"the Norwegian In the statement, the CWS also said \"the Norwegian authorities will ask the Indian authorities to ensure the necessary follow-up for the children in the event of their return to India\".In order to process the case concerning the two Indian children who were taken into the care of Stavanger municipality and placed in a Norwegian foster home, the child welfare service has had to apply for an extension to the children?s residence permits,\" it said.\"Extending the residence permit for the children in a case such as this is a practical technicality and does not mean that the child welfare service is seeking to keep the children in Norway for longer than is necessary to arrive at a satisfactory solution to the case,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064018", "title": "Drug peddler held with 2kg of charas", "text": "Personnel of Division no 4 police station arrested a man on Monday night on charges of drug peddling and recovered 2.22kg charas from him. The policemen said the accused, Prem Parkash Singh belongs to Bihar and was caught while they were patrolling near Sangam Palace. SHO Amandeep Singh Brar said they found Prem Parkashs behaviour suspicious and he was carrying a bag. On checking his bag we found huge quantity of charas and immediately arrested him. On being interrogated, Prem revealed he brought the drug from Bihar and was to hand over the consignment to a person from Jalandhar, he said, adding that they have registered a case against him.Learning the write stuff: A handwriting competition was held at Everest Public Senior Secondary School, Moti Nagar, on Monday. In the category of nursery to class I, Gurkirat Singh of Class I bagged the first prize. In the category of classes II to V, Aman Yadav of Class IV was first while in the category of classes VI to VIII, Anu Sharma of Class VIII bagged the first prize.Science Day at Ryan school: To celebrate the birth anniversary of Dr C V Raman, National Science Day was observed at Ryan International School, Dugri, on Monday. Students of classes II to VI made exciting models including that of sensory organs, skeletons, windmill and electricity circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12064561", "title": "Fresh prince of Moti Dongor now focusing on \u2018key voters\u2019", "text": "MARGAO: It's 9.30am on Sunday and the chief minister's Malbhat residence in Margao is already crowded with his supporters waiting to meet their 'Baba' who is yet to return from a meeting arranged at one of his key voter's house at Aquem.Digambar Kamat has now changed gears of his campaign preferring to meet voters in this manner. The door-to-door meetings over, it's the closed-door meetings with key voters that keeps Kamat busy for most part of the day. His meetings with supporters start as early as by 8am. By 9am he chairs a meeting of the core committee of his campaign to discuss strategies.Its 10.30am and the forest minister Felipe Neri Rodrigues steps in. He has to wait at his residence for close to half an hour before Kamat arrives. Rodrigues is closeted with Kamat in a meeting that stretches on for a very long time. The discussion probably is with regards to the violence at Velim the previous night.Kamat's unscheduled meeting with the Velim MLA has resulted in the CM's poll schedule for the day going haywire. Gadda owners numbering 50-60, who had a scheduled appointment at 10am wait impatiently for Rodrigues to exit so that they can get an audience with Kamat. Prashant Naik, the association's president who is accompanying the gadda owners gets impatient. \"We only want the chief minister to come out and meet them for not more than five minutes. Rest everything has been taken care of,\" Naik grumbles.Meanwhile, the crowd is swelling, and the modest flat cannot accommodate any more visitors. The CM's assistant, Pravin Arsekar, is a kind and affable person. His meticulous scheduling of the appointments ensures that none is disappointed.The CM's better half, Asha now takes charge. Interacting politely with the supporters and visitors, she makes sure everybody leaves feeling contended. \"Baba is busy at the moment. I have taken note of what you have said. I will convey it to Baba soon,\" she reassures them. Turning to party workers who have come for instructions, she discusses the day's arrangements with them. Women workers have also started entering in by now. \"These ladies belong to self help groups and Ashatai has taken on the responsibility of taking care of the self-help groups,\" an insider informs this reporter.Among the visitors who have crowded at the CM's residence, many can be identified as those residing at Moti Dongor, Kamat's vote bank. 'Vaini' knows them by name and she makes sure everybody feels at home.The meeting with the forest minister over, Kamat hurriedly steps out. He wishes to know the programme ahead. Quick instructions follow. \"As far as possible don't organize meetings in the open. Instead, hold a number of small meetings in somebody's houses. The election observers are keeping a close watch and the expenditure will be added in my account,\" he warns them before rushing downstairs to his waiting car that will take him to another closed door meeting elsewhere.The meeting over, Kamat is back home by 1pm. Several groups of voters await him in a meeting hall above his flat. Brief interactions follow, and after a quick bite Kamat is off to tour other constituencies where he is scheduled to address public meetings.\"Wonder what keeps this politician so energized, without showing any signs of fatigue?\" one tends to ask his supporters. \"It's his relaxed frame of mind. I have never seen him stressed,\" one of them quips. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063647", "title": "IAS couple in MP amassed Rs240cr assets", "text": "BHOPAL: According to the Income Tax department's final assessment report, the total wealth amassed by the tainted IAS couple Arvind Joshi and Tinu Joshi is pegged at Rs 240.38 crore.The report took over a year after the initial appraisal that assessed the amount at around Rs 360 crore in December 2010, ten months after IT sleuths raided the official residence of the Joshis here, officials said.The final assessment report running into more than 2,400 pages says the duo owned 18 flats worth Rs 18 crore in Assam , besides 387.49 acres of land worth Rs 193 crore in tribal-dominated Mandla, Umaria, Sagar and others parts of MP.They also possessed plots in MP worth Rs 3.28 crore, flats worth 3.43 crore, a Rs 2 crore flat in Delhi, shares worth Rs 1.1 crore and Rs 4 crore stashed in ICICI bank . The babu couple also had investments of around Rs 15 crore in businesses, officials said.The Special Police Establishment (SPE) of the Lokayukta had also carried out a raid at the couple's home on December 10, 2010. The final assessment report of the IT department is expected to give a boost to SPE which is yet to file a chargesheet against the tainted couple. The SPE has been waiting for this report to hasten its proceedings in the case.The Joshi couple, who belong to the 1970 MP IAS cadre, had also served at the centre. Arvind was joint secretary in the defence ministry during the 1999 Kargil war and his wife had worked as deputy secretary in the PMO between July 1, 1988 and January 1, 1990.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "12068638", "title": "Strike 'partially' hits operations, most PSU banks remain open", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Operations in public sector banks were partially affected due to the day-long strike called by a section of bank unions to protest against outsourcing of non-core activities to private sector, among other things.Most of the PSU bank branches in major cities were open, but the attendance remained thin as majority of clerical staff abstained from work.Although the PSU bank unions claimed that operations were badly hit with employees going on strike, the managements maintained that only some clerical staff did not report on duty.The strike by bank employees is part of the one-day all-India general strike, called by major central trade unions.The bank unions are also protesting against unilateral imposition of Khandelwal Committee recommendations with regard to human resources issues and outsourcing of jobs. Their demand also include enactment of stringent and effective measures to recover bad loans.State Bank of India's deputy general manager R Dipankar Basu said while branch operations have been partially hit as clerical staff are not attending office, officers are present in full strength.When asked about the impact on business, he said it is too early to say anything.All-India Bank Employees Association convenor C H Venkatachalm, however, termed the impact of the strike \"a complete success as clearing houses remained totally paralysed\" with unions of Reserve Bank and SBI participating in the strike.\"We thank all the unions for their full participation and making it a grand success,\" Venkatachalam said over phone from Chennai, in the middle of a protest rally.Leading private sector banks such as ICICI Bank , HDFC Bank and Axis Bank are not participating in the strike.Similarly, new generation public sector bank IDBI Bank too said its not impacted as employees are not unionised. However, unions at the old generation private sector lenders are into strike.\"The shutdown in the banking and financial sector has been complete. The RBI's clearing houses are shut. So the private and foreign banks where we do not a have a presence, also get affected,\" general secretary of All India Bank Employees Association, Vishwas Utagi claimed.A spokesperson of the Mangalore-based Corporation Bank said its operations have been partially affected as the major officers union is not participating in the strike.The country's largest financial powerhouse LIC said all the offices and branches in the city are open and most of the staff are present.\"The development officers in the Western and Northcentral zones have given a call not to join the strike. There are some pockets and zones where there have been reports of employees joining the strike. The exact picture will be known only after 4 pm,\" LIC executive director for marketing S Roy Chowdhury said.The Union Bank of India said its business as usual as only a few branches have downed their shutters initially but have soon been reopened.Most branches of Bank of India and Canara Bank remained open though the attendance was thin with clerical staff not reporting for work.An official from the New India Assurance Company also said there has not been much impact on operations, saying \"the branches are working pretty normal as there is over 60 per cent attendance from across the spectrum\".The company has sought police support and till noon there has not any disruption of work, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12063012", "title": "Sreedharan to head monorail project", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The monorail proposed in the city received a boost with the E Sreedharan, former managing director of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), agreeing to head to the project. A company under the chairmanship of chief minister Oommen Chandy will be formed shortly for the project.Addressing the media here along with Sreedharan, PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju, said, the dreams of the region received a fillip with Sreedharan agreeing to take up the leadership of the project. The minister said that the first phase of the monorail, first of its kind in the state, would be completed by 2015.According to Ebrahim Kunju, the DMRC will be asked to prepare the detailed project report to be submitted to the government in three months.\"First we considered the project on public-private partnership model but later decided to set up it under public sector because Sreedharan advocated for it,\" said the minister. He said 25% of the project cost will be met through the grant from the Centre. The state government will foot 25% of the cost and the remaining fund will be availed from the Infrastructure Finance Corporation as loan. The decision on whom to award awarding the project will be decided in the next cabinet meeting.If the project is in the public sector, it can start immediately compared to the public-private partnership model as the PPP takes at least 1.5 years for selecting the constructor and another six months for starting the work.The monorail would cover 14.5 km in the first phase. The government is also planning to extend it to the civil station and will also connect the Kozhikode railway station. There are also plans to extend it to West Hill. \"However, we have not taken a decision to include West Hill in the first phase or the second phase,\" said Sreedharan.As per the present estimates the project cost for the first phase is Rs 1500 crore, but the complete cost mobilization would be Rs 1740 crore. It would require another Rs 600 crore for the 6km stretch connecting Malaparamba and Civil Station.Three hectares of land will be acquired for the first phase of the project.The first phase will be ready by 2015. The project will not go for PPP. Instead 50% of the cost will be covered by Centre and state, and the rest through loan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12063557", "title": "Football legend Sailen Manna passes away", "text": "Football legend Sailen Manna passed away at a private hospital in the early hours of Monday. He was 87 and is survived by his wife and daughter. One of the country's best defenders, Mannada - as he was popularly known - made his first international appearance at the 1948 London Olympics. He led India in the 1952 Olympics and was a member of the 1951 Asian Games-winning team.Famous for his powerful free-kicks, Manna played for Mohun Bagan for 19 years, and was conferred the 'Mohun Bagan Ratna' in 2001. Adjudged the 'Footballer of the Millennium' by the AIFF in 2000, he was also included in the list of the 10 best captains of the world by English FA in 1953.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12068422", "title": "WB state secretariat records 65 per cent attendance", "text": "KOLKATA: Attendance at the West Bengal state secretariat, Writers' Buildings, was at an 'unusual' 65 per cent during the 24-hour nationwide strike called by 11 central trade unions today.The 65 per cent attendance was unusual compared to the low figures during shutdowns in the past, secretariat sources said.Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee went around the secretariat to see for herself attendance in various departments.Of the 6,000 employees at the state secretariat, 600 had stayed the night, while others arrived in the morning and some were still doing so by various modes of transport, secretariat sources said.Food and other arrangements for employees who stayed overnight were made according to instructions by Chief Secretary Samar Ghosh.Attendance at Writers' Buildings is usually taken as a yardstick of employee turnout during any strike or bandh in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "rajguru nagar", "code": "12063832", "title": "Taru juggles music and journalism", "text": "RAJGURU NAGAR: There is a lot one can talk about with Taru Sungandha Dheer. A post-graduate in broadcast journalism from London , the 23-year-old travel buff has worked with BBC, interviewed celebrities like Shah Rukh Khan , learned to play the a??tanpuraa??, harmonium and keyboard and sung in two devotional albums with her mother. Now, the Rajguru Nagar-resident is getting ready to release her first solo album by the end of 2012.Taru said music was always her passion and her mother Deepika is her inspiration and guru but she has also learnt from singer Kavita Krishnamurti. a??a??With my mother I sung for two devotional albums that were released in 2006 and 2008 but now I am working on my first solo album and that will also be a spiritual one. I have already sung four bhajans and Ia??m still working on two more,a??a?? she said.A post-graduate in broadcast journalism from London, Taru says journalism is not out of her mind either, adding music and journalism are like prayer for her.a??a??I will continue both simultaneously and maintain a balance between the two,a??a?? she said. Tracing her journey thus far, Taru said she studied in DAV School, BRS Nagar and then went to Delhi to do BCom (honours).a??a??After graduation I moved to the United Kingdom for studying broadcast journalism from University of Central Lancashire. I finished it in 2009, trained for two months at BBC and later worked with the organization,a??a?? she said. While working at BBC Taru interviewed Bollywood actors Shah Rukh Khan, Kareena Kapoor , Katrina Kaif , Sunidhi Chauhan , Ranbir Kapoor , Gurinder Chadha , KK and members of the House of Lords . a??a??The coolest and sweetest of them all was SRK,a??a?? she added.Taru said apart from music and journalism, she is also very fond of travelling. a??a??I went to Japan and USA and wish to travel to some more countries,a??a?? she said.Praising her daughter, Deepika said they are proud that she is not only carrying forward the family legacy of music but has also excelled in the field of journalism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12065476", "title": "Polling begins for sixth phase of UP elections", "text": "LUCKNOW: Polling for the sixth phase of UP assembly elections covering 68 seats spread over 13 districts began today amidst tight security arrangements.\"Polling for the sixth phase of elections covering 68 assembly seats spread over 13 districts started at 7 AM and would continue till 5 PM,\" Chief Electoral Officer Umesh Sinha said.The sixth phase would cover assembly seats in Saharanpur, Prabuddha Nagar, Meerut, Bagpath, Ghaziabad, Panchsheel Nagar, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Bulandshahr, Aligarh, Muzaffarnagar, Mathura, Mahamayanagar and Agra.More than 2.17 crore voters are expected to cast their votes to decide the fate of 1103 candidates, including 86 females.To ensure free and fair elections adequate security forces have been deployed.The CEO said that polling was being held at 22,137 polling stations at 12181 centres, of which 3188 centres and 4892 stations have been marked as sensitive.To keep a tight vigil on polling process 1015 video cameras and 2353 digital cameras have been installed.In 2007 assembly polls 46.58 per cent votes were polled for 67 seats of which BSP got 35, BJP 12, RLD 10, SP 3, Congress 2 and others 5.All the political parties including Congress, SP, BSP, BJP and RLD have done hectic campaigning in the Jat land of the state.This phase would decide the popularity of Congress' alliance with Ajit Singh led Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) which has stronghold in the western region of the state.Assembly Election 2012Uttar Pradesh Elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064872", "title": "Centre to UP govt: Punish errant cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking exception to Uttar Pradesh Police who identified a gang rape victim, the Centre on Monday demanded that action be taken against the ''erring cops'' .Union women and child development (WCD) ministry has sought a report from the UP government while criticizing police action. ''Police officers should know that identity has to be protected as per law in certain cases. This kind of attitude by police is very dangerous,\" Krishna Tirath , WCD minister said.The minister also took note to other remarks made by the Noida police in the case. ''Police say the victim had voluntarily consumed alcohol (before she was allegedly gang raped). It is wrong to say such things about anyone,\" Tirath said.In a strong letter, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has asked for action against the erring cops. NCPCR chairperson Shanta Sinha said revealing the names were also a cognizable offence. ''UP government must take disciplinary action against the policemen concerned. We have asked for a report.\" Tirath said she had directed her ministry to write to UP government on the need to sensitize police officers about how to handle cases related to crimes against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12063502", "title": "Study identifies 1,527 species of marine fauna in state", "text": "PUNE: An ongoing study being carried out by the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI) western regional centre, Pune, has identified 1,527 different species of marine fauna in the state.The study, 'Marine faunal diversity in Maharashtra', lists molluscs (marine invertebrates), with 581 species (38%), as the dominant group, followed by crustaceans (crabs, shrimps, lobsters, barnacles) with 367 species (24%), fishes with 287 species (19%), and annelids (sea worms) with 141 species (9%).The areas under research are the six coastal districts of Mumbai, Mumbai suburban, Ratnagiri, Sindhudurg, Raigad and Thane.In all, the ZSI has recorded 12,794 marine faunal species in India. The study also warns that marine life is facing various threats, particularly man-made ones, including sedimentation from developmental human activity, eutrophication of marine waters, physical impact of marine activity like dredging, introduction of invasive species, destructive fishing activities and pollution from industries and oil refineries.R M Sharma, scientist and deputy director of ZSI Pune, told TOI that these anthropogenic pressures on marine biodiversity should be controlled before they change the ecosystem forever. Most human disturbances are seen in the coastal districts of Mumbai, Raigad and Ratnagiri, he said.Pointing out that there has been a reduction of nearly 40% of the mangrove cover of the state in less than three decades, Sameer Kumar Pati, researcher in marine diversity ZSI, said that mangroves are an important habitat in providing food, shelter and nursery areas for fish, crustaceans and other marine life. He said that mangrove reduction was particularly apparent in Mumbai and its suburbs.\"Unfortunately, the mangrove habitats are converted into saltpans, aquaculture sites, agriculture plots and residential or industrial plots and this makes the area prone to moth infestation, wood borer attacks, grazing of animals, dumping of non-biodegradable solid wastes, water contaminants and pollution,'' he said.The findings of the study indicate that only the protected area of the Maharashtra Malvan Marine Sanctuary in Sindhudurg district sustains coral patches.Among the threatened marine animals of Maharashtra is the blue whale, which is on the endangered list of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Other threatened marine species include the fin whale, dugong, finless porpoise, Bombay sea snake, lichen coral and brain coral.Pati stressed that the study concentrated on major groups like molluscs, crustaceans, fish and annelids, which together constitute 90% of the faunal diversity. \"Poorly studied groups, particularly the minor groups, require urgent attention. The data collected for this study is miniscule. There is a need to study minor groups to learn their classification because these groups are likely to add more species to faunal diversity,'' he said.Sharma said that though there have been several studies conducted on marine diversity in Maharashtra, the need was felt to evaluate the marine faunal diversity, since most of the habitats remained unexplored or scanty. The ZSI study is part of ongoing research carried out by ZSI since its inception in 1959.The study findings show that Maharashtra shares 11.94% of Indian marine faunal diversity. The other species recorded are cnidaria (aquatic animals like jellyfish, corals, sea anemones, and hydras) with 64 species (4%) and groups like bryozoa or moss animals, protochordata, reptiles and mammals contribute only about 1% each of the total faunal diversity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "curchorem", "code": "12064750", "title": "Curchorem heads for Govind Kamat Maad", "text": "CURCHOREM: The battle of ballots in Curchorem is poised for an exciting finish. In the fray are two friends-turned-foes who have literally staked their pride and prestige in this election-incumbent MLA Shyam Satardekar of the Congress will take on BJP's Nilesh Cabral, both of whom are into the mining transportation business. With no other contestant in the fray it will be a no-holds-barred contest between the two equals, both in terms of financial strength and so-cial standing.What's significant is that Cabral had put his heart and soul into Satardekar's campaign during the 2007 assembly polls. And when Satardekar got the people's mandate, it looked as though the brothers-in-arms were running the political show in Curchorem as they did in managing their mining business.However, Cabral fell out of favour with Satardekar over some business issues. Cabral moved over to the enemy camp a few weeks ahead of the elections and was awarded the BJP ticket. The might of the two heavyweights proved so formidable that even Paresh Bhende, the former chairperson of the Curchorem-Cacora Municipal Council (CCMC) who had plunged into the fray as an independent candidate, withdrew his nomination. Bhende's departure from the contest has put paid all efforts by the Curchorem Front-a body consisting of social activists and prominent persons from the constituency-of providing an alternative to the electorate. (Bhende was propped by the Curhorem Front).Political observers say it is difficult to say who of the two now has an edge, as both camps enjoy an equally-strong support base in the constituency.Nevertheless, it goes to BJP's credit for successfully stemming any revolt by disgruntled ticket aspirants. It appeared that the rebellion by some diehard party activists over the issue of Cabral-a rank outsider from the BJP parivaar-being given the ticket would harm the BJP's prospects. However, the party was quick in moving into damage control mode and calming frayed nerves.North Goa MP Sripad Naik, the chief of the BJP poll campaign, descended in Curchorem recently and addressed a gathering of senior BJP workers where Cabral was also present. \"It is the BJP's ideology and principles which teach us to put the nation before self that holds us united, though we may have disagreements over many issues,\" Naik said in his pep-talk. A beaming Cabral also assured the gathering that he was committed to working sincerely for the BJP. Indications were that the troubleshooting exercise was successfully concluded with all factions promising to put up a united front.The BJP camp hopes that by fielding a Catholic candidate it will make inroads into the Congress votes. The Catholic community comprises nearly 7,000 of the total 25,000-strong electorate.Following the delimitation exercise, Cottambi-Avedem, Amona and some parts of Xeldem panchayat which were considered strongholds of the Congress have gone into Quepem constituency, while Peddamol-Shirvoi village, which earlier formed part of Quepem constituency and which has a strong BJP voter base, is now included in the Curchorem segment. Political observers are of the view that this factor stands to lend an edge to the BJP. The Congress camp is wary of this equation but hopes to sail through with the \"tremendous support\" Satardekar has been receiving for his corner meetings across the constituency.Speaking to TOI, Satardekar said he has lived up to most of the assurances he had outlined in his last election manifesto. \"The land for the swimming pool has already been acquired and work on the project will start soon. Construction of the fire station has already started. I also solved the vexed issue of Curchorem traders who demanded a reduction in the high trade tax rate. Curchorem also now has an independent traffic cell. I will follow up on the rest of the things if the voters elect me again. And going by the kind of reception I have received in door-to-door meetings, I am confident they will repose faith in me this time too,\" he said with an air of confidence.Satardekar has also promised to pursue the demand for the mining bypass road that will see all mining transport bypass Curchorem town. His declaration that he would not contest the next elections if he fails to complete the bypass road in his second term has taken the wind out of the sails of the opposition's campaign over this issue, sources said.Poll observers say, no matter which way the balance tilts, a photo-finish is definitely on the cards in this constituency. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12064506", "title": "Noida goes to polls today amidst tight security", "text": "NOIDA: The Gautam Budh Nagar administration is relying heavily on its elaborate security arrangements to see that the sixth phase of assembly polls in the district are conducted peacefully. As the three assembly constituencies of Noida, Dadri and Jewar go to polls today, district magistrate Hirdesh Kumar has also set support arrangements in place so that voters do not face any inconvenience.Kumar said that a total of 9,000 personnel, comprising district and civil police, have been pressed into election duties by the administration to maintain law &amp; order. The security forces include 24 companies of the central paramilitary forces and eight PAC battalions. In addition, barriers and check-posts at the bordering areas of Haryana and Delhi have also been put into place. \"Policemen of seven districts, including the BSF and the CRPF forces, have taken position for the poll day. More than 200 women police officers will also be on duty, especially in the sensitive and Muslim-dominated areas,\" DIG, Jyoti Narayan said.\"To keep an eye on all suspicious activities and to make sure there are no untoward incidents happen in the sensitive areas of the district, 24-hour check-posts have been set up,\" Narayan added.A total of 988 polling stations have been established in the entire district out of which over 200 have been marked as sensitive and 75 very sensitive. For such polling booths micro observers have been deputed. Ninety sectoral magistrates and senior administrative officers have also been appointed to liaise with the polling booths who will report the percentage of votes polled to the returning officers on an hourly basis. Besides, web cameras have been installed at several places to also keeping an eye and provide webcasting of the polling process. \"The 90 sector magistrates and police officials will patrol every polling centre,\" Narayan said. \"They will frequently monitor the polling centres and provide support services, if required,\" the DIG said.Seven DSPs will be monitoring 16 police stations accompanied by two quick reaction teams at every police station. They have been ordered to patrol their areas continuously. Moreover, 30 cluster mobile teams and 40 PCR vans have also been deputed to patrol the interior areas and the villages of the district. \"Besides, 20 IPS and seven IAS probationary officers have also been deputed to get trained during these assembly elections,\" Narayan said.To secure the district, the additional SP (traffic) will camp at Jewar, while the additional SP (crime) will monitor Dadri. Five observer forces have also been deputed to keep watch. \"A reserve force has also been placed on alert at Noida, Greater Noida, Dadri and Jewar for emergencies,\" Narayan said.Over 10 lakh voters will decide the fate of 62 candidates in this sixth phase which include the constituencies of Noida, Dadri and Jewar. While there are 5,91,761 male voters, the total number of female electorate adds up to 4,47,897. There are also 1,28,000 voters who will be casting their ballot for the first time.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12063102", "title": "Security to be tightened today", "text": "KOCHI: A strong contingent of police personnel will be posted in various parts of the city on Tuesday to prevent any untoward incident on account of the nation-wide strike called by trade unions to protest against the unfriendly labour policies of the Union government.Though the people are aware of the strike, the police have decided to make special arrangements to help the passengers who get stranded at railway stations.\"We don't expect people to travel on Tuesday as they are fully aware of the strike. But the police will deploy vehicles at railway stations to help those passengers who arrive in the city in long distance trains,\" Kochi City Deputy Commissioner of Police T Gopalakrishna Pillai said.He said that the police would take all necessary steps to ensure that movement of private vehicles was not affected on Tuesday.Normal life is expected to be hit hard as all public transport vehicles including KSRTC buses, private buses, taxies and autorickshaws will stay off the roads. Schools, colleges, shops and other commercial establishments will remain closed.Apart from deploying police personnel, the Kochi city police will also put the Quick Reaction Team (QRT) on alert at various places in the city to deal with emergency situations.\"Police will act tough on trouble-makers on the strike day. Any attempt to unleash hooliganism under the cover of strike will be severely dealt with. Police personnel will also be deployed in mufti,\" officials said.Civil accounts employees join strikeKOCHI: The All-India Civil Accounts Employees Association has stated that they will take part in the nationwide strike scheduled to be held on February 28. The strike has been called by trade unions to protest against the anti-labour policies of the Union government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063749", "title": "School buses: Affidavit deadline set at March 1", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration on Monday directed educational institutes to file affidavit that they would follow the Supreme Court order on school buses. The administration has set March 1 as the deadline for submitting affidavitThe management of each school will be responsible for submitting affidavits, giving details of buses attached to their schools, a government spokesman said. The spokesman said the Regional Transport Officer and the joint director education would ensure schools file affidavits on time.The exercise is being carried out to ensure the safety of the school going children, the spokesman said adding, a joint team of different government departments would carry out physical verification to ensure that school buses comply with the apex court guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12064966", "title": "London dreams now a reality", "text": "MUMBAI: Mission accomplished, the Prince is back is town.Hockey hero Yuvraj Valmiki returned to a warm welcome at his tenement in Neelkanth-Niranjan compound, Marine Lines, on Monday evening. The 22-yearold is a member of the Indian team that qualified for the London Olympics in New Delhi on Sunday.After arriving in Mumbai, an elated Yuvraj said: \"We have been waiting for this moment for eight long years. It has erased the memories of Chile (2008), where we failed to qualify for the Beijing Olympics. We plan to work very hard with coach Michael Nobbs and trainer David John so that we can bring home the Olympic gold. I will give them full credit for this win; they are foreigners who have barely had six months with us but have still managed to help us through five-six victories so far.\"Earlier, as soon as Yuvraj-or Mukesh, as his family calls himcalled up to say that he would be home around 9pm, his mother began to plan for dinner. It is only now that the household can afford the rare indulgence of a sweetmeat . For 40 years, the Valmiki family lived without running water and electricity. A power line was connected to his tenement only when the media highlighted his performance at the Asian Men's Hockey Champions Trophy last year.Since then, the fruits of labour invested by the Bombay Hockey Association and his coach Marzban Patel have become visible. Thanks to a benefactor named Aminbhai, the tin shed has made way for a designer wooden home that may stylistically beat the neighbouring building once it is ready. Black granite frames an artistic wooden door and big white tiles line the wall of the kitchen. Customized furniture is being crafted to suit the space. A flower bed is being prepared beneath the window grille where lights will be embedded to reflect the green glow of grass.\"However, the government's promise of a house is yet to come to fruition. Last year, they said they would give my son a job. Now that Yuvi is set to complete his final year at Rizvi College, we hope they would keep their word,\" said Meena, his mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "katrenikona (east godavari)", "code": "12063149", "title": "Inferno reduces E Godavari village to ashes", "text": "KATRENIKONA (EAST GODAVARI): More than 2,000 fisherfolk were rendered homeless when a massive fire raged across the congested Pallam village in Katrenikona mandal on Monday morning. Though there was no loss of life, the inferno swept through the village destroying over 500 thatched huts.\"Had the fire taken place in the night, it would have resulted in a major loss of human life and livestock,\" a villager said. The property loss was estimated at more than Rs 3 crore. The narrow approach road to the village hampered the firefighters from dousing the blaze quickly. Till evening, the fire raged in some of the hutments in the village, 30 km from Amalapuram.\"Our homes have been destroyed. Our little savings also were reduced to ashes. The government must help us out and build pucca houses,\" a fisherman, Appala Naidu, said.Revenue authorities said the property loss could be much higher as they had not done the stock taking as smoke continued to billow from several households till late in the evening. The fire started around 7.15 am in one of the houses when a group of youths lit firecrackers at a function. The fire soon spread fast to other hutments.Fire engines could not reach the village, which is surrounded by sea on three sides. \"There was no way the fire engines could enter the village as the narrow road can provide passage to only small vehicle and autorickshaws. Fire engines could not cross the narrow passage by which time the raging fire engulfed the entire village,\" a victim, Chodipalli Danayya, said.People tried to douse the fire with water and sand but it was of no avail as the flames aided by winds raged across the hutments in no time. \"If the passage was wider, the fire officials would have minimized the loss of property,\" former minister Metla Satyanarayana, who visited the village, said. He demanded that the authorities build a pucca bridge and widen the road to improve connectivity to the village.The village is politically active with both TDP and Congress having a strong presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064690", "title": "Road safety: Tall claims, no action", "text": "NEW DELHI: Making tall claims about road safety in the city has become a habit of traffic police. Three years ago, cops had claimed they would be acquiring sophisticated equipment to deal with the problem of speeding. This remained a claim. Fatal accidents kept on occurring in rapid succession. And loftier claims kept on coming.The Bawana-Sonepat Canal Road, the BRT corridor, the August Kranti Marg and many more roads and stretches have become particularly dangerous. In fact, the 'dangerous' tag is attached to any road after a spate of accidents occurs there. There is no clarity about the parameters taken into consideration while doing so, but this tag becomes some sort of a justification for the cops for not doing anything to make the roads safer.JCP (traffic) Satyendra Garg admits to the force's limitations as far as technology is concerned. \"We have speed interceptors , but these are ineffective at night. We have tasked DIMTS to find out solutions . They are working on a technology that would help us record speed of all cars round the clock. Once that process is completed, our cameras installed at different intersections will help us cover more ground,\" says Garg.A senior traffic police officer had said this in 2009: \"In the past, traffic police faced the handicap of not being able to prosecute speed violators at night. To overcome the difficulty , we have initiated the process of acquiring speed detection equipment with nightuse capability using infrared flash gun.\"Police had said speed detection would become automatic and the data along with digital images would be transmitted via wireless network to a remote enforcement station up to a kilometre away. The equipment was supposed to have the capability to cover multiple lanes without the need of any human operator.This year, cops announced they would buy radar guns from abroad. \"Each unit would cost several lakhs and would be positioned at important locations in the capital. It will be the first time radar guns will be used to check traffic violations,\" the same officer had said.But as of now, it seems all these sophisticated equipment have blipped off the radar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12063730", "title": "Tyres worth Rs 90k stolen from BJP leader\u2019s vehicle", "text": "NAGPUR: Tyres worth Rs 90,000 were stolen from a vehicle belonging to BJP candidate Pramod Tabhane, who lost the recent civic elections from Gopal Nagar Ward.The incident occurred at Tabhane's residence at Mate Square on Sunday night when the family was asleep. The vehicle was parked in an open space beside Tabhane's house. Talking to TOI, Tabhane claimed that the well-planned robbery was masterminded by his political rivals.\"Why would someone only rob the tyres and not the vehicle,\" he tried to reason.\"Though I lost the elections due to unfair means used by my rivals, people still consider me their leader. My well-wishers still respect me and often come to my house with their problems,\" added Tabhane.According to Tabhane, the party that he hosted for his supporters at a nearby lawn, ended at midnight on Sunday. \"I came home around 1am but didn't notice anything missing,\" said Tabhane.It was neighbour Vinod Bagde who saw the tyres missing and informed Tabhane on Monday morning. \"The thieves removed the tyres and replaced them with stones and bricks,\" said Tabhane who bought the vehicle a year ago. Tabhane feels that either a four-wheeler or a big vehicle was used to take the heavy tyres.\"More than two persons are involved. It was a well planned robbery,\" said Tabhane.Ranapratap Nagar police visited the spot and found a steering near the vehicle. The motive behind the robbery is yet to be known. \"There have been a few incidents of tyres being stolen near RPTS Road. This incident might be a robbery or political robbery,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12064165", "title": "Tiger poacher nabbed in Sawai Madhopur", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major breakthrough against poaching of tigers, the flying squad of the forest department along with Tiger Watch on Monday nabbed a wanted poacher from Sawai Madhopur. He was involved in poaching of two tigers in Ranthambore and Sariska.Acting on a tip-off, a team of forest officials raided an area near Sawai Man Singh sanctuary and arrested Saalma alias Badri alias Jagdish on Monday evening.\"We were on the look out for him for a long time. He is wanted in two cases of poaching of tigers and runs a gang of poachers,\" Dharmendra Khandal of Tiger Watch said.The forest officials confirming arrest of the poacher added that since 2005 he was residing in and around Dumaria village in Bharatpur district of the state and Ranthambore National Park and Sariska Tiger Reserve were on his target. \"Though he was keeping a low profile for the last couple of years, he is an accused in two poaching cases in 1992 and 2005,\" a forest official said.Tiger Watch claimed they had specific information on the whereabouts of Saalma which they shared with the forest department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063784", "title": "Infant dies in road mishap", "text": "BHOPAL: A two-and-a-half month old baby died and his parents sustained injuries in a road accident when a speeding minibus collided head-on into a two-wheeler on Sunday. The minibus driver fled the scene, leaving behind the minibus. The police have yet to ascertain the identity of the driver.In the collision, the baby sustained head injuries. The baby and parents were rushed to the hospital. The boy succumbed to injuries in the evening, the police said.The police said the accident took place on Bhanpura main road on Sunday afternoon. Manoj Balia, 25, and his wife Rajni were coming with the baby boy to Bhopal from Sukhi Sewania. The boy was on the mother's lap at the time of the incident.The police have registered a case under the Section 304 of the IPC and are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12063787", "title": "'Together, Sena, BJP &amp; RPI can defeat MNS'", "text": "NASHIK: As the suspense over which political formation will gain control over the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), where no single party or alliance has got a clear majority, continues, leader of a Republican Party of India (RPI) faction Ramdas Athavale said that he had gone a step ahead by putting forth a proposal to Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray , Aditya Thackeray and Nitin Gadkari on the issue. Athavale, who was in Nashik on Monday, said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Shiv Sena and RPI could form an alliance and include other secular parties to prevent the Maharsahtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) from ruling the NMC.He said that he had spoken to guardian minister and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Chhagan Bhujbal on the issue. Incidentally, Bhujbal had recently floated the idea of the NCP and Sena coming together in the NMC and had offered the mayoral chair for an RPI corporator, in order to prevent the MNS from wresting power from the Sena-BJP in the NMC.Athwale said that in many corporations in the state, including in Mumbai, the grand alliance (Sena-BJP-RPI) had won the elections because the RPI was with the saffron alliance, otherwise the Congress would have won everywhere. \"Rather than fighting separately with the Congress, the SS-BJP and the RPI should fight together against it and the MNS. I spoke to Bal Thackeray, Uddhav Thackeray and Nitin Gadkari about it. I told them that the Congress got lesser number of votes because we were able to pull their votes,\" said Athavale. But the number of seats we got is not enough and we have to get more seats if we have to win the elections for the legislative assembly in 2014, he said. \"Our focus is on the elections for the legislative assembly. In the zilla parishad elections, we managed to improve our performance. We can do good work in two and half years and get more votes in the legislative assembly elections,\" said Athavale.Referring to the recent NMC elections, he said no party had got clear majority. \"If the SS-BJP-RPI had formed a pre-poll alliance, the MNS could not have won so many seats. It would have won around 20 or so. The MNS does have the maximum number of seats, but it needs 22 more seats to form a majority and elect a mayor. No party is prepared to support the MNS. Under such circumstances, the RPI can be a solution for the SS-BJP combine with the support of the NCP, because the total number of seats of the SS-BJP and the RPI comes to 36, so we need more seats to form a majority,\" he said. Athavale added that he had spoken to guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal about it and the latter said he would talk to his partymen about it.On Saturday, there was a meeting of BJP and Sena leaders at Mumbai, where it was decided that the BJP would support the MNS only if the Sena endorsed it, because they (Sena-BJP) were allies at the state and national levels. \"If Raj Thackeray feels that since his party won 40 seats he would get support for 22 more seats and elect a mayor, that is impossible. Even we need more seats. Our effort would be to gather more seats,\" said Athavale. Nobody wants a re-election, so this is the solution if we have to form a majority, he added.Athavale said since the mayor had to be elected on March 15, there was still time and that a decision on the same will be taken by March 5. Besides Athavale, RPI leader Prakash Londhe, Sanjay Bhalerao, Sena leaders Arjun Tile (city chief) and Sunil Bagul (district chief) were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12064599", "title": "Mapusa petrol pump blaze causes loss of Rs 25L", "text": "MAPUSA: A tanker caught fire at the Hindustan Petroleum's petrol pump situated on the outskirts of Mapusa at Duler on Monday afternoon causing a loss of 25 lakh. The blaze damaged the tanker, the petrol pump, a car and a two- wheeler.The prompt response of firefighters helped avert an explosion at a petrol pump and no casualties were reported. \"The 12,000 litre capacity petrol tanker was unloading fuel in the underground tank of the petrol pump when the fire broke out because of sparks from the same tanker,\" director of fire and emergency services Ashok Menon said.\"As the fire began engulfing the tanker we tried to douse it with a 50 liter capacity fire extinguisher. However, it was uncontrollable and we fled the spot,\" said an employee at the pump Prakash Mopkar. People who had come to refill their vehicles also fled the spot.Eyewitnesses state two fire engines reached the spot within minutes of being informed. While a group of fire fighters tried to douse the flames, another team got busy in blocking all fuel channels in the pump. Seven fire tenders, two from Mapusa, three from Panaji and one each from Bicholim and Pernem, were pressed into service. The firefighters also used the aqueous film forming foam (AFFF) fire extinguishers to control the fire.\"Had there been an explosion, the whole area would have been on fire the firefighters did a great job,\" said eyewitness Krishna Shetgaonkar. \"We have checked the underground tanks they are safe, the experts of HP will be ascertaining the exact cause of the fire,\" Menon said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12063819", "title": "28 suits filed by defeated NMC candidates", "text": "NASHIK: Total 32 contestants who unsuccessfully contested elections for the NMC have filed civil suits with the senior division civil judge. Monday was the last date to file such suits, and totally 28 suits were filed. Prominent contestants who filed suits include Gopal Patil (BJP), Musheer Sayyed (Independent), Anjum Khan Kande (NCP), Sharvari Luth (MNS), among others. Satish Shukla (BJP), Chhabu Nagare (NCP), Mamta Patil ( Congress), and many others filed the suits challenging the decisions of election returning officer in their respective constituencies.During the elections, issues like electoral rolls containing names of voters from adjoining wards, and electronic voting machines being faulty, or disagreements over counting of votes had come up. ds were transferred to the other wards; some electoral voting machines were faulty, the counting of votes deferred from the actual votes polled during the elections, the contestants alleged.Sources, however, pointed out that filing of cases is routine for contestants who have lost. \"There has never been a case where an elected member has been disqualified following such a suit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12070379", "title": "Kunal Khemu supports Saif in attack case", "text": "Bollywood Actor Kunal Khemu has come in support of Saif Ali Khan and says things get blown out of proportion, when it comes to celebrities.Kunal, who is dating Saif's sister Soha Ali Khan , supports the Nawab over his recent brawl with an NRI businessman.Saif was arrested and later released on bail last week for having a fight with Iqbal Sharma at the Taj Mahal Palace restaurant in Colaba.A case of assault was registered against Saif by Sharma. However, the actor had filed a counter-complaint saying he had acted in defence.\"Whatever we have heard is a one-sided story. Sometimes, when you are a celebrity, things get blown out of proportion. The matter is in court, so I would not like to talk much about it,\" Kunal told PTI on the sidelines of a promotional event of his upcoming film 'Blood Money'.\"I met both Saif and Kareena. It would not be appropriate to talk say more about it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12063889", "title": "Eight properties to go under hammer tomorrow", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is all set to auction eight properties for non-payment of property taxes on February 29. The IMC had earlier issued a list of 20 properties for auctioning.But dues were paid for 12 properties and hence the names were removed from the auction list. Remaining eight properties will go under the hammer.Revenue in-charge Chandu Shinde said all the necessary preparations for auction have been made. A meeting in this regard was held on Monday where the officials from administration and municipal corporation participated to finalise the process.Properties of Dilip Rajpal with pending dues of Rs 1,46404, Sushil Kumar (Rs 83,788), Sheela Joshi (Rs 71,840), Shantikumar Jain (Rs 2,42,778), Pranay Pradhan (Rs 21,44,971), Laxmidev Satyakumar (Rs 21,716), Anguri Bai (Rs 1,29,268) and Sageer Ahmed with pending dues of Rs 1,50,211 will be auctioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064807", "title": "Trade union strike: Govt invokes Esma", "text": "NEW DELHI: To ensure that essential services like power supply are not disrupted due to the trade union strike on Tuesday, the Delhi government on Monday evening enforced Essential Services Maintenance Act on all the power companies. A statement issued by the chief minister's office said that has been clamped on all power companies, including generation, distribution and other power companies in view of the proposed strike scheduled on Tuesday. ''Essential Services Maintenance Act would remain in force for six months.\"Spokesperson of the three discoms - BSES Rajdhani, BSES Yamuna and TATA Delhi Power - Rishi Raj said that enforcing ESMA was just a precautionary measure and that services will not be affected.Public sector banks and transport services like autos and taxis are likely to be affected . The strike is likely to keep 10,000 to 15,000 autos off the road. Auto unions have cited disparity between increasing CNG prices and stagnant fares as one of the reasons.However, private buses as well as DTC buses will continue to operate normally. DTC has, in fact, warned its employees not to take a day off on Tuesday.The strike is not going to affect supplies of essential commodities as it does not include trucks, buses and other goodscarrying services. ''Trade unions of heavy vehicles like trucks and buses have no reason to be part of the strike as none of the issues affect them,\" said S P Singh, senior fellow of India Foundation of Transport Research and Training.Petrol and CNG stations are also not going to be affected . Ajay Bansal, general secretary , All India Federation of Petroleum Traders said, ''None of our petrol station owners or workers is connected to political organizations or trade unions. All the 42,000 petrol pumps will remain open tomorrow and there will be no disruptions of services.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064892", "title": "Six DU professors receive court summons in irradiator disposal case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six Delhi University professors were summoned by a court on Monday to explain their alleged criminal culpability in the death of one person and critical injuries caused to seven others in 2010 due to radiation from a radioactive irradiator, disposed of in a scrap market here.The professors have been asked to appear before the court on March 12. Cops had filed the chargesheet accusing the professors of endangering lives by auctioning a radioactive Cobalt-60 gamma irradiator without mandatory precautions . The chargesheet named the then HOD chemistry V S Parmar and the then dean of sciences Roop Lal as accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12063487", "title": "CBI case against firms for duping insurance companies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered a case against the directors of two Sonepat-based companies and a Dadra and Nagar Haveli-based firm, who defrauded several government insurance companies between 2005 and 2009 by lodging exorbitant claims against the insurance cover regarding incidents of fire in their factory premises. CBI officials say that the claims - worth about Rs 15 crore - were lodged by these companies in the government insurers out of which they were paid Rs 6 crore. However, later it was found that fake bills were submitted to show goods were burnt.The agency has booked Ganesh Jha, director of North India Coating Pvt Ltd based in Kharkhoda (Sonepat), his son Prabhakar, who is director of Prabhat Polymers in the `cheating' case. Ganesh Jha also runs Bajrang Resins Pvt Ltd.\"They hatched a criminal conspiracy and defrauded Delhi branches of United India Insurance Company, New India Insurance Company and Oriental Insurance Company by lodging exorbitant claims against the insurance cover from these companies regarding incidents of fire in their factory premises from 2005 to 2009,\" said CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra.\"Such claims, worth about Rs 15 crore, were lodged on five occasions against which the insurance firms have paid about Rs 6 crore. The claims were lodged for the stocks destroyed, which purportedly had been shown in claims to have been purchased on the basis of fake/forged bills. Exorbitant claims were made for repair of the damaged electrical installations, including motors. Sale of the finished products was also projected on the basis of fake/forged bills and motor transport receipts,\" said Mishra.CBI had conducted searches on the premises of accused and the companies in Delhi, Kharkhoda and seized several documents pertaining to purchase of material from fictitious firms that were projected to have been destroyed during fire were recovered. Also, it recovered documents pertaining to fake sales by the companies and fake invoices and blank letterhead pads of the fake firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi ", "code": "12055248", "title": "Policemen love this ship duty", "text": "KOCHI : It has been a different experience for city police personnel who are on guard duty aboard the Italian vessel Enrica Lexie off Kochi coast. A batch of police personnel are on guard duty on a rotational basis for the past eight days. When TOI spoke to some of them, they had a story to tell.\"It is quite an experience to be on a vessel anchored in the outer sea. I have never ventured this far from the shore and Italian officials here are friendly,\" said Thopumpaddy sub inspector M K Sajeev. He said this was the first time his team was aboard an oil tanker at sea.\"We have been given a three-day shift. The Italians are providing food and for a change it is nice to view the shore from the sea,\" said a policeman adding that their stay was comfortable. \"Earlier many police personnel were deployed on this vessel and food was brought from the shore. But as the number of police personnel was reduced in the last couple of days, the Italians came forward and gave us food,\" he said.Police personnel said guard duty on the vessel was more interesting and enjoyable compared with the long hours spent at some venue where ministers and VIPs came for some function.\"Being on a vessel is good, but sailing on a small boat to reach the vessel anchored around five nautical miles off the coast is scary.Getting into the vessel from the boat is also a risky affair. Any way, it has been a unique experience and we are lucky that we got this chance,\" the policemen said.Enrica Lexie was brought to Kochi on February 16 after two Italian naval guards aboard the vessel mistook Indian fishermen for pirates and killed two of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062671", "title": "'Have enough evidence to nail Modi'", "text": "MUMBAI: Several civil society groups joined hands on Monday to mark the 10th anniversary of post-Godhra massacre in Gujarat. Some addressed a crowded press conference at the Press Club, denouncing the denial of justice to victims of the pogrom, while others gathered at St Xavier's College to recall the brutalities perpetrated in Gujarat in 2002.Former IPS officer of Gujarat cadre Sanjiv Bhatt, who has deposed before the Supreme Court-appointed SIT alleging complicity of the Narendra Modi-led government in the riots, at the press conference organized by Harmony Foundation's Abraham Mathai declared: \"We have enough evidence to nail Modi.\" He went on to say that then as an intelligence officer, he had gathered all the phone records before and after the that the burning of S-6 coach of the Sabarmati Express was not a conspiracy but an event that could have been contained. Film-maker Mahesh Bhatt said that peace could not be established without justice. Tushar Gandhi, great-grandson of Mahatma Gandhi , lamented that such a heinous crime happened in the land of Mahatma.At the memorial for the victims of Gujarat 2002 at St Xavier's College, principal Father Mascarenhas said, \"We want an India of plurality, peace and harmony,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12064129", "title": "Continuous study only mantra", "text": "JAIPUR: Extensive revision, tight schedule and focused attention are required to excel in the most difficult, time consuming and lengthy subject Social Science, says Class X student of BVB Vidhyashram, Manan Modi, who finds economics interesting and easy to score. Social science includes history, civics, geography and economics with equal 20 marks weightage.\"Besides, I find geography easy to remember. The most difficult is cramming civics and history answers which take lot of time,\" said Modi who aspires to become an economist. During exam days, he prefers to sleep early and study in the morning hours. \"I start my day with history and civics, because they are more time-consuming. It is around eleven or twelve that I take up economics or geography,\" said Modi, who wish to become an economist.\"My icons are Nobel prize winners and renowned economists Amartya Sen and Mohammed Yunus of Bangladesh. They have proved that economic policies can play a stronger role in bringing social change,\" said Modi who is planning to take admission in St Stephen's College, Delhi. He wants to pursue his masters degree from London School of Economics. \"It is obvious that to achieve my aim, I am more inclined towards economics than any other subject. I really enjoy studying economics. It has broaden my thinking and I tries to understand world problems with economic perspective,\" said Modi. Scoring good in social studies requires continuous studies and revision. He enjoys attention at home during exams. \"My mother gives me fruits and cashew nuts so that I can concentrate more. They supported me in all manners they could and never forced to get high scores,\" said Modi, who overcomes stress by playing Lawn Tennis for an hour in the morning and also listens to music for sometime to relax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062774", "title": "Ex-staffers of Swiss bank get ED notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate has issued notices to two former executives of the UBS Switzerland to appear for evidence recording at Mumbai in the Hassan Ali money laundering case.The former executives are believed to have helped the Pune-based businessman Ali in his money laundering allegedly estimated at more than $8 billion. The income Tax had also served Ali with notices in the same case for recovery of Rs 70,000 crore, including penalty for tax evasion.The summons was issued after a Mumbai court allowed ED to investigate the former UBS officials under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). One of the UBS employees served UBS as its executive director and had been mentioned in bank documents recovered from Ali during search at his residence.Ali had allegedly been in contact with a Saudi arms dealer, and there were banking transactions that ED sleuths suspect could be commission he may have received in arms deals.The Mumbai court has asked the two former UBS officials to present themselves before investigating officers in the second week of April.Earlier, the agency had sought information from UBS and the Royal bank of Luxembourg in an alleged transfer of funds by Ali and his associates.The ED had in the same case earlier questioned Puducherry Lieutenant Governor Iqbal Singh and some senior police officers. Ali and his associates, including Kolkata-based Kashinath Tapuriah, were also arrested in the case and questioned.Another Ali aide and a Congress functionary from Bihar Amlendu Pandey was also interrogated by the agency in the same case. Pandey had stated under oath that he had been in regular contact with Singh and had helped Pune-based businessman to obtain a passport from Patna under forged documents.Sources in ED say Tapuriah and Pandey had allegedly accompanied Ali to Singapore for opening of bank accounts and were allegedly partners in his money laundering activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066842", "title": "Drivers die in truck, bus collision", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The drivers of a private bus and a truck died in a collision between the two vehicles near Sehura village, under Bara police circle, on Sunday morning.Bara police told TOI that the drivers of truck and private bus identified as Rajesh Bharatiya (22) of Kaudhiyara and Suresh Kumar Adivasi (25) of Muragi died on the spot. The villagers rushed to the spot and helped police in taking out the bodies.The bus was returning to Bara after dropping a marriage party while the truck was on its way to Karvi in Chitrakoot from Mutthiganj.The traffic remained blocked on Allahabad-Banda highway for an hour. The bodies were sent for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064295", "title": "Film on acid attack victims nets Pak 1st Oscar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy became the first Pakistani to win an Oscar for Saving Face, a documentary about a doctor's efforts to reconstruct the faces of acid attack victims. The 33-years-old dedicated her award to \"all the women in Pakistan working for change\" .Born in Karachi, Chinoy graduated in economics from Smith College and did her masters in International Policy Studies and Communication from Stanford University . Her earlier work include Reinventing the Taliban (2003) and Lifting the Veil (2007).Chinoy's films have won international acclaim. Her 2010 documentary, 'Pakistan's Taliban Generation' , won an International Emmy Award. She said her next project is developing a television series about \"people in Pakistan who are trying to change their communities\" .Speaking to Reuters, Chinoy said the women's \"bravery and resilience in the face of adversity inspires me every single day. They are the true heroes of Pakistan\" . More than 100 people, mainly women and girls, are disfigured in acid attacks every year, although aid groups say many cases go unreported. Pakistan is the world's thirdmost dangerous country for women based on a survey conducted last year by the Thomson Reuters Foundation.With input from agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064894", "title": "Deonar dump smoke chokes neighbourhood", "text": "Mankhurd resident Akhilesh Dhoval has temporarily moved to his relatives ' place in Bandra. The asthma patient had trouble breathing in his house thanks to the smoke emanating from the Deonar dumping ground fire.Labourers have allegedly refused to put out a fire raging for four days at the Deonar dump after a row over non-payment of wages. But its casualties are thousands of people in and around Deonar. \"There was smoke all around on Saturday. Most of my neighbours too shifted to the western suburbs and Navi Mumbai,\" said Dhoval. His friend Amitesh Pradhan, a Ghatkopar resident, has shifted his elderly mother to his brother's Thane residence.Sources say the BMC has reportedly not paid around Rs 70 crore in dues to Tatva Global Environment Deonar Ltd, the agency which looks after solid waste management. It in turn has not been able to pay its workers . \"The frequent fires here have to be managed by the agency but since workers have refused to put it out, the fire has spread across a major portion of the dump in three days. It is now almost 20 feet inside the dump,\" said a source at the dumping yard.Sources said there was no mechanism to stop the spread of the smoke. \"We also can't make out which type of waste is burning ,\" he added. Sometimes, ragpickers start fires to divert the attention of supervisors and take away metal items.However BMC chief engineer for solid waste management, Prakash Touse, denied any big fire at the ground, adding small fires were a normal occurrence there. He also claimed the payment issue had been resolved.BMC workers at Deonar see a conspiracy. \"How has the fire intensified in the last few days? The sub-contractors responsible for dumping the garbage are behind the fire. They have an issue over payment of dues with the main contractor,\" said a BMC worker at the dumping ground.Dinesh Patel, project manager , Tatva, said after November his agency had been collecting garbage only on verbal instructions from the corporation. \"Outstanding dues of more than Rs 70 crore have still not been paid by the BMC. But we have made arrangements to control the fire. By tomorrow evening it will be doused completely. Over and above the BMC's water tankers, Tatva has rented 30 tankers to extinguish the fire,\" he added.(With inputs from Shawan Sen)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062867", "title": "Fight against malaria starts early this year", "text": "MUMBAI: Monsoon is still more than three months away, but the BMC has started preparing for the season already. A malaria abatement committee has been formed, which will start working on vector control on a micro level. The municipal commissioner is to hold the first meeting of the committee on Tuesday, where all public land-owning authorities will be issued a list of compliances post scrutiny of their premises.BMC additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said, \"This year, we are kicking off our malaria drive 'Fight the Bite' a bit earlier than usual and most of the groundwork will be in place by April. The malaria abatement committee, of which civic chief Subodh Kumar is chairman, has already carried out preliminary inspections and identification of vulnerable breeding spots and on Tuesday all stakeholders will be called in for a briefing and handed over a list of compliances.\"Apart from the BMC, the railways, the airport authority, the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry, old structures represented by the BMC and slum and private housing societies will be a part of the abatement committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12063599", "title": "Archaic laws stop disabled from flying", "text": "CHENNAI: Flying has become a painful experience for disabled people and senior citizens, aggrevated by the lack of infrastructure and an abundance of archaic laws.While several airports including the Chennai airport don't have enough aerobridges, ambulifts and wheel chairs to shift such people into the aircraft and out of it, the Aircraft Rules, 1937 bans people with epilepsy or psychological disorders from flying. It was under this rule that Jeeja Ghosh, 42, was forced out of the SpiceJet flight recently.Passengers complain that airlines hide under these rules to justify preventing some elderly patients to travel. In the case of Ghosh, a cerebral palsy patient, the airlines didn't understand that her disorder is not listed under the rules.The director general of civil aviation's civil aviation requirements Section 3 defines a disabled person as whose mobility when using transport is reduced due to any physical disability, intellectual disability or impairment, or any other cause of disability, or age. It suggests that airlines should provide all assistance to such passengers without additional charge. But civil aviation in India is largely governed by Aircraft Rules 1937.S Namburajan, state secretary of TN Association of Rights of Differently-Abled and Care-givers, says pilots use Section 24A of the Aircraft Rules 1937 to evict disabled passengers. \"No person shall knowingly carry or permit to be carried, or connive at the carriage of, a person suffering from any mental disorder or epilepsy in any aircraft,'' says the section.Those with physical disabilities have other set of woes. Aerobridges or ambulifts are often not used to board or disembark passengers. And airlines are not willing to go the extra mile and request for an aerobridge or ambulift if they have disabled passengers on board because they will have to pay to use these facilities.Airports at Chennai, Madurai, Trichy and Coimbatore do not have enough wheelchairs, aerobridges or ambulifts. If there are wheel chairs, passengers are forced to wait - inside the aircraft after arrival or at the terminal to board - till a ground handling staff brings the chair. \"Disabled passengers are not allowed to use their own wheelchairs because of security reasons in spite of the fact that Disabilities Act says that aides used by a disabled person should be considered as part of the body'', says Namburajan.The Air Passengers Association of India (APAI) last month took up the matter with DGCA. \"We have told DGCA that wheelchair passengers are roughly handled,'' said APAI president D Sudhakara Reddy. He said Chennai airport increased the charge for ambulift from 3,000 to 5,000 recently.Chennai airport has modern low-floor buses that can be tilted to roll in a wheelchair, but all airlines do not use these buses. An official said it is not possible to provide aerobridges for all airlines because traffic has gone up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12065099", "title": "Mayawati lashes out at SP, Congress in Bareilly", "text": "BAREILLY: Uttar Pradesh chief minister and Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati on Monday sought support for her party's candidates Ram Gopal Mishra from Bareilly Cantonment, Dr Anees Beg from Bareilly, Saleem Ahmed from Aonla and Virendra Singh from Bithri Chainpur assembly constituencies. Addressing the rally, Mayawati gave a hard-hitting reply to Rahul Gandhi's recent allegations of corruption and misrule in the state. \"Our opponents are worried because of the increasing popularity of the BSP and the Congress seems to be the most worried. They (Congress) are so worried of BSP's strength that Rahul had to come to UP for campaigning, when Parliament session is going on,\" Mayawati said. Mayawati referred to Rahul's recent allegation that large amounts of funds sent by the Centre were devoured by \"an elephant sitting in Lucknow\" as baseless. Accusing the Samajwadi Party, Maya warned the crowd that if SP returns to power, it would disrupt law and order in the state.She said, \"The state would become a victim of hooliganism and crime if voters brought SP back to power. The state would be governed by goons and criminals. Law and order at all levels in the state would come to a standstill. Women too would not be able to move freely in such a society.\" Taking pot-shots on Akhilesh Yadav's statement, Mayawati said, \"SP has never done anything concrete for the development of state and thus cannot come to power at any cost.\" Mayawati tried her best to woo dalits and Muslims. Anusha Pandey, who is pursuing graduation said, \"No doubt, the promises made by leaders to fetch votes don't stay longer, but still in comparison to other opposition parties, I feel BSP is better among the lot.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062665", "title": "Lull prevails in \u2018treasure-hunt\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nine days after the hunt for the elusive treasure began at the foot of the Naubat Pahad where Vidyaranya High School is situated, a lull prevails. While there was no digging work at the site for the last couple of days, officials are now maintaining a low profile, choosing to wait for the release of the official National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) survey report before speaking on the issue or taking any further action.The state archaeology department is now turning its attention to other matters with the director, P Chenna Reddy going to Delhi on some official work. \"The survey report will take another four days to be prepared. These things take time to be done properly. I will not comment before I see the report. All I can say is, nothing has been found so far and we are waiting for the report to decide further course of action,\" Reddy said. However, the buzz doing the rounds is that the authorities are tired of all the negative publicity earned by this treasure hunt and want to let things cool down a bit before any further steps are taken. \"There is no possibility of any Wanaparthy Samasthan (ancestral owners of the property) wealth being buried there. Even the presence of any tunnels seems highly improbable to me. If there is a network of tunnels, then how did it remain undiscovered when the foundations for all the high rise buildings in the area were laid? My family and I will be really astounded if anything at all is found there,\" said Krishnadeva Rao, property owner and member of Vidyaranya School Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12069277", "title": "Kerala fishermen's killing: India, Italy seek to 'clear air'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The killing of two fishermen by navy guards on board an Italian vessel dominated the talks between the foreign ministers of India and Italy, which continue to have difference of opinion on the jurisdiction and legal aspects of the incident.Meeting in the backdrop of the \"unfortunate\" incident, external affairs minister S M Krishna and his Italian counterpart Giulio Terzi di Sant' Agata discussed the on-going investigation in the case and tried to \"clear the air\" over the killing which has led to the detention of two Italian navy guards in Kochi.\"We met in the backdrop of unfortunate incident.... There is a very strong public opinion on both sides. Minister Terzi and I agreed that we need to clear the air so that people in both countries are reassured.....,\" Krishna told a joint media event with the Italian minister.Though the visit was pre-scheduled, the incident is dominating the stay of Terzi, who is also travelling to Kochi where he will meet the two Italian navy guards detained for the killing.Asserting that there was \"differences of opinion\" between India and his country over the incident, the minister said, \"I have explained frankly the position of our government on the legal aspect.... There is a difference of opinion and it has not been resolved\".\"We hope to pursue the matter in a friendly spirit, understanding and cooperation,\" he said.Conveying Italy and its people's condolences to India and the families of fishermen killed, Terzi said the \"unfortunate\" incident took place due to the threat of piracy in the Indian Ocean region.\"Our sailor men in Kochi have been the victims of the same reason that caused the death of two Indian fishermen, the threat of piracy,\" he said.While Terzi appreciated India's readiness to keep Italian observers in the loop on the judicial process, Krishna said \"We are of the view that our relations are mature and based on strong foundations. This gives us the ability to address challenges together.\"Differing on who has the jurisdiction to try the two Italian security guards who shot dead the fishermen, Italy maintains the shooting took place in the high seas, but India is firm that the incident was close to the coast of Kerala and country's law will be applicable. The men are at present being tried by a Kerala court.Meanwhile, official sources maintained that both countries are trying to \"isolate and insulate\" the relationship from the incident and said the discussion on the incident was a \"small part\" of the deliberations between the two foreign ministers.Krishna said he also thanked minister Terzi for assuring him of his personal attention to alleviate the difficulties being faced by members of the Sikh community in Italy.\"We appreciate the measures taken by the Italian government and look to Italy?s continued support in resolving this issue,\" he said.There have been reports of Sikhs being asked to remove their turbans at the security check at the Italian airports which goes against the religious sentiments of the community.Terming economic and trade relations as \"central to our relationship\", Krishna said, \"We have a vibrant bilateral trade and economic relationship with Italy. Italy is now India's 5th largest trading partner in the European Union.\"Bilateral trade grew at the rate of around 28 per cent to reach 7.21 billion Euros in 2010, and it grew further by 24 per cent during January-October of the last year compared to same period in 2010.\"There is also enormous opportunity for expansion of Italian investment in India. We would like to see these to grow, to achieve their full potential. Both sides will continue to work in this direction,\" Krishna added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064048", "title": "The tide maker", "text": "He is ahead of his times, or perhaps serendipity made him one. Much before the environmental scientists could brainstorm a list on how to preserve the wetlands and the ecosystem, Kallen Pokkudan - though living in penury -- decided to take up the cause and started growing mangroves without actually knowing that he was paving the way for a silent eco-revolution .\"That was way back in 1989. Observing the character of mangroves I had a gut feeling that they had the qualities of a protective shield. So with great pains I collected the seeds of mangroves and planted them in the marshy lands of my locality,\" Pokkudan recalls from his memory.\"This is the only place where there are mangrove forests in the state. Though mangroves grow everywhere, to grow them like forests you need a variety of mangroves in a cluster. Here we have 22 varieties of them making it an ecosystem of mangroves,\" Pokkudan says, adding that though there are 42 varieties of mangroves, only 22 can grow in salty wetlands.But when he grew the mangroves, especially the 'mad mangrove' (Rhizophora mucronata), which is a common variety, people started calling him crazy, but he never took them seriously and went on with his mission.The 300-odd seedlings that he planted more than 20 years ago have now grown into a forest, making it a small ecosystem of its own with birds, turtles and fishes. The gaps in between the mangroves are the safest place for small fishes, as big fishes or other enemies cannot enter there. \"But everyone feigns ignorance about it thus destroying the ecosystem ,\" Pokkudan laments.However, those who snubbed him soon started supporting him and he became sort of a 'green celebrity' . In fact, his name became synonymous with mangroves.But what enchanted Pokkudan was that many students came forward to know more about mangroves as well as the traditional methods of agriculture.\"After I started taking classes and giving lectures in schools, many students have shown interest not only in mangrove preservation but also farming and environmental conservation,\" Pokkudan says.Incidentally, the seed of love for mangroves sprouted in Pokkudan at the time when he was expelled from the CPM due to 'ideological differences' . \"CPM is no longer the party of the working class and the common man, so there is no question of me going back to the party fold,\" Pokkudan says. \"But there are thousands of party followers and DYFI leaders who admire me and support my cause.\"According to him, the party has long left its old ideology, which was rooted in the welfare of the working class and protection of the environment. \"The party workers in the 1960s were sensitive to the environmental issue because the party had trained them in that way. But the party of today is maintaining a corporate tendency.\"Over the years he has planted over one lakh mangroves in different parts of the state as also other parts of the country. Today his mission is part of research by many people who discovered that mangroves could save the land from natural disasters like tsunami.But he knows, after his time there won't be anybody to carry forward his mission. That is why he wants the government to take up green initiatives and make environmental studies part of the school curriculum so that students are aware of the importance of preserving the ecosystem. \"Yes our students are aware of the importance of environmental protection, but the politicians are not, and that's the sorry state of affairs,\" he quips.What makes him different is not just his passion but also the scientific knowledge that he has acquired over the years through experience .His book, 'Kandalkadukakil Ente Jeevitham' (My Life Among the Mangrove Forests) is probably the only scientific book on mangroves , their characteristics, cultivation and preservation.\"The importance of Pokkudan in the history of environmental protection is that he initiated a mission without anyone's influence and that became a milestone.\"Only a person who has touched the soul of Nature can take up such a mission,\" says writer N Prabhakaran, who wrote the foreword for 'Kandalkadukakil Ente Jeevitham' This eco-crusade has given him the pet name Kandal Pokkudan (Kandal means mangrove in Malayalam). \"But a pet name is not enough to protect the endangered species. They should survive even after me,\" concludes Pokkudan.Pet NameThe eco-crusade has given him the pet name Kandal Pokkudan (Kandal means mangrove in Malayalam)Foray Into FilmsHe has also acted in two full-length feature films. While the first one 'Papilio Buddha' is directed by Jayan K Cherian, the second one 'Sthalam' is made by Sivaprasad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066787", "title": "Students take out social awareness rally", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A rally to spread awareness about pollution-free environment, adult education, literacy, sarva siksha (education to all) and Ganga cleaning campaign was taken out by the students of Shree Harsh Savitri Sanskrit College, Daraganj.The students were carrying banners and posters, with an intention to make people aware about burning issues like pollution and cleaning of the Ganga.The rally started from Daraganj and passed through Nirala Chowk, Bakshi Road and Phulwaria Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12064375", "title": "UP polls: Sixth phase to decide fate of Mayawati today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The sixth phase of UP elections covering 68 constituencies in Jat-land and Muslim-dominated areas will be decisive for the SP and the BSP besides testing the new-found Congress-RLD camaraderie and the BJP's ability to polarise votes in this casteist and communally sensitive belt. This round, to some extent, will decide if the SP or the BSP emerges the single largest party in the assembly.The SP has nothing to lose here as it won only three seats in 2007. But the stakes are high for the BSP which swept the region in 2007 but lost some ground in 2009 and a further slide would mean that the party would end up either as number two or be neck and neck with the SP. After the first five rounds, the popular perception is that the SP seems to be ahead. But despite anti-incumbency, the BSP still has its dalit voter base (about 22% of the population) more or less intact.The Congress, which performed poorly in 2007 and 2009, has hopes from the region which is prosperous owing to its rich agriculture and proximity to Delhi. The party has tied up with the RLD which has influence over the jats. The RLD president, Ajit Singh, can still count on the loyalty of his community.Ajit Singh, known for shifting loyalties, has been in almost every government in the state (barring the present BSP government) and at the centre in the past 20 years. Despite his hold over the jats, the RLD does not have a wide enough base to win elections on its own. So, it contested in 2007 with the SP, tied up with the BJP in 2009 and this time join hands the Congress. Though a small party, the RLD will assume importance in a hung assembly.The key issues include land acquisition during Mayawati's rule, lack of development, absence of a high court bench, poor electricity supply and the falling ground water table. Jats are only 6-7% of UP's total population, but they constitute 17% of the populace in the west UP and can affect outcomes in 55 assembly seats. In Mathura, Jats are 40% of the population and around 30% in Baghpat.The Congress-RLD front is banking on the Muslim-Jat combination but the alliance seems to be in trouble with Digvijaya Singh snubbing the RLD for projecting Ajit Singh's son Jayant as a CM candidate. Though RLD has clarified that some misguided party workers gave Jayant that projection, sources said it was RLD's tactical move to mobilise jat voters.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12063959", "title": "Vandals damage 10 vehicles in city", "text": "NASHIK: About eight to 10 vehicles were damaged in the Ashok Nagar area of Satpur in the early hours of Monday.The news has sent a wave of concern among Nashikites mainly those who park their vehicles on road due to lack of space in their buildings or bungalows, row houses, etc. At about 2.30 am on Monday, the residents of the Ashok Nagar area in Satpur heard sounds of glass being shattered. However, the sounds were not continuous and they therefore could not determine where it was originating from.DCP DS Swami said that the windshields of two autos, two tempos and six cars were shattered by some miscreants. The police got the first call about the incident at around 4 am.On reaching there the police realised that vehicles were damaged on a road stretch of about two to three kilometres in the area.Senior police officials of the police commissionerate including commissioner Kulkwant Kumar also rushed to the location of the incident to take stock of the situation.DCP Swami said that the police have got initial leads in the case and were to get clearer answers in regards to the incident. He also gave thw assurance that his team would nab the culprits within 24 hours. While there has been a spurt of violent incidences in the city since the civic elections, Nashikites are also not new to such cases.On being asked if the incident was out of political rivalry between the supporters of Congress and NCP candidates for the NMC election, especially in this location, the Ashok Nagar area of Satpur, which has recently seen stone pelting as well, the DCP said that it was too early in their probe, to comment on the motive behind the acts.It might be noted that a afew weeks before NMC elections on February 16, two consecutive incidences of vehicles being torched took place in the city. As the issue heated up, the state government forced the then police commissioner of the city, Vinod Lokhande, to go on compulsory leave. He was subsequently replaced by new police commissioner, Kulwant Kumar Sarangal.Minor held for breaking vehicle window shieldsThe Satpur police and the crime branch have arrested a minor in the vehicle damage case in the Satpur area of the city. Soon after the incident came to light the police plunged into action to trace the culprits.DCP Swami said that by 12 noon on Monday, one accused, who is a minor was arrested. The police have also launched a hunt to trace the other three culprits, behind the incident. Swami also made it clear that the accused has no political affiliation and the crime was committed under the influence of alcohol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12062895", "title": "Talks with Hurriyat on, confirms Pak", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan government on Monday confirmed that it has invited Kashmiri leaders of both the factions of the Hurriyat Conference to Islamabad to move forward on the complex issue, said well-placed sources here on Monday.While Islamabad publicly states that it seeks the resolution of the Kashmir issue in accordance with the wishes of the Kashmiri people, government sources here told TOI that the Asif Ali Zardari government implicitly supports a roadmap for the Kashmir problem on the lines of President Musharraf's four-point formula on the issue.\"The reason for inviting the Hurriyat leadership is to convince them about Pakistan's 'undisclosed changed stance' which should be acceptable to all stakeholders,\" the sources said. The Musharraf-formula had envisaged softening of Line of Control (LoC), self-governance, phased withdrawal of troops from entire Jammu &amp; Kashmir and joint supervision by India and Pakistan.Mirwaiz Umar Farooq , chairman of the moderate wing of All Parties Hurriyat Conference, had welcomed Musharraf's proposal. But Hurriyat hardliner Syed Ali Shah Geelani had rejected this roadmap as a blatant negation of the Kashmiris' \"freedom struggle\".Will Islamabad succeed in its bid to take the Hurriyat leadership into confidence this time? \"It seems difficult for Geelani to soften and he will possibly not visit Islamabad. As far as the other Kashmiri leaders are concerned, they will probably consider what Pakistan is up to,\" said Sheikh Muhammad Amin, an Islamabad-based Kashmiri journalist.Some observers believe that the options for the civilian government to move forward on Kashmir are limited as the military is deeply involved with the issue. \"More importantly, on both sides of the border, the Kashmir issue helps rally public around the issue of security, justifies excessive defence expenditure and allows governments to portray themselves as good guys as opposed to the rival militants/oppressors, depending on which side of LoC you're on,\" said Fasih-ur Rehman, an analyst.\"Any resolution of Kashmir requires three parties to negotiate together: Pakistan, India and Kashmir. To get to that point, all stakeholders will have to learn how to talk to - rather than at - each other,\" said Amir Mateen, an analyst with a think tank here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12064896", "title": "A machine to keep donor livers \u2018alive\u2019 outside body", "text": "LONDON: British scientists claim to have developed a machine which could keep donor livers 'alive' outside human body.A team at Oxford University says the machine, known as METRA which would keep livers healthy during transportation from donor to the operating table, could help save the lives of many people who need liver transplants every year.Livers taken from organ donors are currently packed in ice for up to 12 hours to prevent them from decay while they are transported, but this technique can affect the blood vessels and cause excess fat on the organ to solidify. In other cases the livers fail because of the damage caused to them during the transplant process.The new machine keeps the liver in a solution at body temperature and feeds it with blood, oxygen and nutrients , the Daily Mail reported.The scientists say the machines uses a technique which allows doctors to monitor how well the organ functions and means livers can be stored for far longer - up to 24 hours - before being transplanted.The machine, developed by Organox was originally used on pig livers but a recent trial found that out of 13 human livers discarded by doctors, six would have been good enough to be transplanted.Peter Friend, director of the Oxford Transplant Centre, said, \"Decisions on usability are made purely on visual judgement. That is all surgeons have at the moment. That is why this machine is so useful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063732", "title": "Major fire averted at GMC, none injured", "text": "BHOPAL: A major fire was averted in a section of the department of community medicine at the Gandhi Medical College here on Monday. No one was injured in the incident. Surprisingly, the college and the attached hospitals await fire extinguishers.According to GMC authorities, about half a dozen fire tenders were rushed to the spot to control the fire which started in the night. Fire brigade services were called at around 4 am. The section, were the incident took place, was primarily meant for the staff had two gas cylinders and a gas stove.\"They were lucky. Had the cylinder caught fire it could have been shattering,'' said a senior doctor. The fire brigade took almost an hour to contain the fire.\"Damage could have been severe. It highlights the need for fire fighting facilities,'' Hamidia hospital superintendent Dr D K Pal, whose departmental room is adjacent to gutted one, said.However, the reason for the fire is yet to be ascertained. The police have registered a case in the incident.An order for 376 fire extinguishers worth Rs 15.81 lakh was placed on February 13 after the lack of fire safety facilities came to light in the aftermath of the Kolkata fire incident last December.There are no functional fire extinguishers on the premises of GMC authorities and its attached hospitals including Hamidia and Sultania hospitals. Once the equipments arrive, GMC would get 70, while Hamidia and Sultania hospitals would get 208 and 98 new fire extinguishers respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12067277", "title": "80% Indian-Americans to vote for Obama: Poll", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indian-Americans would overwhelmingly vote for US President Barack Obama in the November presidential elections, while Mitt Romney has been named as favourite among the Republican presidential candidates, according to a latest opinion poll.\"Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney leads his nearest rivals Ron Paul by 24.1 percentage points and former Senator Rick Santorum by 33.4 percentage points,\" said the latest national opinion poll among Indian-Americans.\"But if the presidential elections were held today, an overwhelming 80 per cent of Asian Indians would vote for President Barack Obama,\" said the first of its kind survey among Indian-Americans conducted by Boston-based INE Media Inc., the publisher of IndUS Business Journal and INDIA New England newspaper.The online survey was conducted on February 22-26 with respondents coming from across the country.\"This is the first survey of Asian Indians during this presidential election season,\" said Upendra Mishra, publisher of IndUS Business Journal and INDIA New England.\"Indians have been primarily known in the United States for their entrepreneurial skills with excellence in the academic, scientific and technology fields, but now they're making their mark on both the local and national political scenes,\" Mishra said.In the survey, Romney got the maximum support among the Republican candidates from the participants with 51.9 per cent.However, Obama got the commanding lead with 80 per cent when pitted against the Republican candidates with Romney securing 14.7 per cent support from the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12063075", "title": "Chauhan takes charge as INA chief", "text": "KANNUR: Vice admiral Pradeep Chauhan took over as the commandant of Indian Naval Academy, Ezhimala, on Monday. He assumed charge after a ceremonial guard of honour in which nearly 1,000 officers and cadets of the INA participated.While addressing the gathering after reviewing the guard of honour at 8 am, he said that the mission of the academy was to groom new leaders who could be a role model for Indian defence forces as well as the civilian world.\"We aim to groom leaders, irrespective of their caste, creed or gender,\" he added. Later he took over the charge from deputy commandant, rear admiral LVS Babu.An alumnus of National Defence Academy,Pune; the Defence Services Staff College, Nilgiris; Naval War College,Mumbai and National Defence College, New Delhi, vice admiral Pradeep Chauhan has over 35 years of experience at different levels in the Indian Navy.His sea-going career ranges from a patrol vessel to the latest guided-missile corvettes and frigates, culminating with the most prestigious aircraft carrier INS Viraat. He has been instrumental in the conceptualization and setting up of Mauritius National Coast Guard and was its first commandant, according to a press release issued by the academy.Earlier he had served as the director of the Defence Services Staff College and also the principal director in the Directorate of Naval Operations at Naval Headquarters, New Delhi.After being promoted to the rank of rear admiral, he was tasked with setting up of a new organizational structure at New Delhi, especially with regards to the naval foreign cooperation as well as intelligence. He was promoted to the rank of vice admiral in February 2009.In recognition of his achievements over the past three-and-a-half decades, he has been awarded the Vishisht Seva Medal and Ati Vishisht Seva Medal.Prior to being appointed as the commandant of INA, he was chief of staff, Western Naval Command, Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12063131", "title": "Look out notice against techie", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police have issued a Look Out Circular (LOC) against absconding techie T Umeshwar Rao, who tried to dupe a woman by concealing facts about his first marriage.After registering a cheating case against Umeshwar Rao, the Madannapet police raided his house at Alkapuri Colony of Saroornagar on Sunday night.Police discovered that Umeshwar Rao was absconding with his passport and plastic currency. In the past, Umeshwar had worked in Ireland and Malaysia. He came to Hyderabad on February 15 from Malaysia to get married for the second time.As Umeshwar Rao has a Malaysian visa, police suspect that he may have fled to the country, and deputy commissioner of police (DCP), South Zone, Manish Kumar Sinha wrote a letter to the CID to issue a Look Out Circular to international airports in the country against the culprit.Police said that not just the family members of both the women, who were duped, but even the family of the software professional was deeply pained by his behaviour and requested police to take stringent action against him.Umeshwar's father Yadgiri is a retired police inspector and he said that his son had not contacted them in the last two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "12062850", "title": "Lankan navy detains 22 Tamil fishermen off Rameswaram", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Even as fishermen in Rameswaram are gearing up for the St Antony's feast in Katchatheevu islet, the Sri Lankan Navy has shocked the fishing community by detaining 22 of them, off the controversial islet in Palk Bay late on Saturday night.The fishermen are kept in a transit camp at Talaimannar, said a state fisheries officer. The Sri Lankan Navy had also seized five mechanised boats of the fishermen. \"We will get the official report on the detention by Monday morning. We hope that the fishermen would be released the same day itself,\" said a state fisheries department official.Fishermen from various fishing hamlets in Ramanathapuram set out for the sea on Saturday morning in 620 mechanised boats. The fishers, hailing from Thangachimadam and Rameswaram areas had cast their nets near the Katchatheevu islet and were fishing there around midnight. It was then that a flotilla of Sri Lankan vessels arrived at the spot.While fishermen in most of the boats who spotted the flotilla scattered away from the area, the Sri Lankan Navy rounded up five boats including that of one Jaisingh from Thangachimadam. They then detained 22 persons in the five boats and took them away to Talaimannar. Fellow fishermen cut short their fishing trip and rushed to the coast in the wee hours of Sunday to inform about the detention to the fisheries officials and police.The officials immediately began efforts to establish communication with the Sri Lankan officials in a bid to rescue the fishermen. A meeting was also held on Sunday evening where fishermen associations urged the state and Central governments to get the detained fishermen released.A state fisheries department official said that the 22 fishermen have not yet been remanded by the Sri Lankan authorities. \"We hope that they would be released soon. As usual we were told that they violated the international maritime boundary line and were fishing in the Sri Lankan waters,\" he said.Rameswaram fishermen, who were fishing near Katchatheevu when the island navy detained the 22 men said that one of the boats had developed a technical snag. The fishermen in the boat were stranded due to the technical snag and the other fishermen were helping to set right the faulty boat, they said.The incident has sparked a fresh round of tension in the fishing hamlets in Ramanathapuram district and the fishermen have urged the Centre that it was high time that the government offered a solution to the continuing assault and detention of Tamil Nadu fishermen by the island navy. Five fishermen, who were detained on November 28, 2011 on charges of smuggling drugs, are still languishing in a Sri Lankan prison, the fishermen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12068609", "title": "Mrittika- The Village Soiree in Kolkata", "text": "Priya Entertainments Private Limited and Visions Unplugged presented Mrittika- The Village Soiree at the prestigious Star Theatre which was inaugurated by Tolly stars Dev and Rituparna on Febrauryb 25.The project is to promote art, craft and rural artisans. The entire concept of this project is an outcome of extensive research on the life and crafts of rural artisans of Birbhum, their aspirations and not only offering them a scope to display their unique skills in front of art loving people of Kolkata but also bring such artisans to the urban crowd who usually pay price to witness their creativity.The interior decoration for the event is also designed to represent the ambience of a Birbhum village where every visitor will feel the rustic essence and experience the difference. The artists, the Boul singers, the tribal dancers mesmerized everyone with their performances and got applause for their dedication towards their skills, their uncompromising hard work and uncomplicated persona. \"\"The environment is so beautiful here. And I am speechless to see the marvellous work of these rural artisans,\"\" said Dev. Rituparna too was seen to have a nice time at the event checking out various craft materials. Visions Unplugged, aim to ideate more such concepts like this to charm entertainment lovers with their diverse events which will remain as a long lasting remembrance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12069667", "title": "Sleepless In Seattle writer pens Rajiv Gandhi biopic", "text": "Ashutosh Gowariker has roped in screenplay writer and director David S Ward of Sleepless In Seattle fame,to write the script of the Rajiv Gandhi biopic.The film will be directed by Bhavna Talwar and go on floors by the end of this year.Ward will spend the next year in Delhi tracking the life of the famous politician.When contacted Bhavna Talwar confirmed, \"Yes, it's David Ward who will write my film on Rajiv Gandhi. Initially I thought of scripting it myself but I decided against it for two reasons. One, I wanted an outsider's perspective on Rajiv Gandhi. I know Ward's work, he possesses the sensitivity to pull it off effectively. Secondly, if I concentrated on writing the film I'd have no time for all the other vast preparation required to start the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12066243", "title": "German national held, deported for aiding anti-nuke protests in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: A German national was picked up by Tamil Nadu Police in Nagercoil for allegedly assisting the protests against the Koodankulam Nuclear Power Plant and deported from the country in the wee hours on Tuesday.Sonnteg Reiner Hermann (49) was picked up last night in Nagercoil by a section of Q branch police officials monitoring the anti-KNPP protests after they were alerted by central intelligence agencies, police sources said.Hermann was brought here on Monday night for interrogation and was deported from the country from the the international air terminus here at around 1am, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12064809", "title": "Cancer patient to take break for board exams", "text": "MUMBAI: Students who are stressed out during board exams should take a leaf out of 18-year-old Sahas Mehra's life. Mehra has taken a week's break from his 15-month stay at the Tata Memorial Cancer Hospital in Kharghar to appear for his board exams, after which he will return to the hospital.Though the Mehras are residents of Mulund, his mother, Alka, has parked herself in the hostel provided for patients' relatives at Kharghar. Sahas has to get tests done to check his condition every week.After a break of almost two years since he was bed-ridden and losing muscle mass in his hands, Sahas could not even hold his pen on the first day of exams. A heavy medicine dosage makes him drowsy during the exams. \"I am forced to take long breaks every 15-20 minutes. However, I completed the paper,\" said Sahas. The exam centre in-charge from Hindu Vidyamandir, Mulund, has given him a separate classroom, and told his parents to seek an extra hour from the board due to his medical condition.After undergoing a bone marrow transplant for high-risk blood cancer in December 2010, the student has been suffering from several complexities, which forced an extended hospital stay. Sahas is now suffering from graft-versus-host disease (GVHD), a complication that occurred after the bone marrow transplant in which the newly transplanted material attacks the transplant recipient's body and can affect any organ; in this case his skin peels off. With an hour of studies everyday and almost zero preparation in the year, he confidently said, \"I will clear my papers and pursue higher studies. I want to do a Bachelor's degree in Mass Media.\" Alka said his attempt to appear for the exams was a big deal for the family. \"I read about students giving up their lives due to exam stress , and here my son is struggling to live. I am very proud of him. Others should take inspiration from him,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12070137", "title": "Mountain Echoes Lit fest begins May 20", "text": "Man has forever been haunted by the idea of echo .You will find them in children's stories, in the tales of reflection and retribution, silence, colours and mystery. Inspired by this poetic phenomenon, Mountain Echoes is making a comeback following the overwhelming response received by the literati in both Bhutan and India. In its third year, Mountain Echoes will celebrate the true spirit of art begets art. The India-Bhutan Foundation presents Mountain Echoes 2012 - a literary festival bringing together the best in the field of literature and art, yet again.It's said that there is no other way to grow but to hear stories from different perspectives and Mountain Echoes gives this opportunity to step in a parallel universe for four days this year from 20-24 May, 2012. Relish the beautiful weather of Thimphu, Bhutan and view theatrics, literary discussions and workshops against the magical backdrop of mountains and their candid beauty.The literary festival, espoused by His Excellency Pavan Verma, India's Ambassador to Bhutan, also enjoys patronage of Her Majesty, the Queen Mother Ashi Dorji Wangmo Wangchuck.Mountain Echoes 2012 will entail many themes such as the need and importance of preserving language, stand up comedy, graphic novels, environmental writing, cinema, theatre, poetry, popular fiction and workshops. Some of the speakers at the festival are HM Ashi Sangay Choden Wangchuck, Khyentse Norbu, Siok Sian Dorji, Dr Tashi Wanghuck, Dorji Wangchuck, Karma Singye Dorji, Khenpo Karma Tshering, Khenpo Phuntsok Tashi, Dayanita Singh, Aveek Sen, Gulzar, Stephen Alter, Namita Gokhale, Vir Das , Mishi Saran to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12064035", "title": "Seized papers reveal Rs 2.5 crore investment", "text": "SHIMLA: Probing irregularities in purchase of equipment by Border Roads Organization (BRO) in Himachal Pradesh, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has seized documents revealing investment worth over Rs 2.5 crore by former chief engineer Brigadier J K Narang. The agency has already registered a case against the former and current chief engineers of BRO.After closely following the functioning of Narang and chief engineer I R Mathur for couple of years, CBI officials raided their residences and other premises. Senior officials said that Narang had amassed huge wealth,which was evident from the documents seized from his possession.Officials said that with the recovery of documents showing investment made by Narang, more seizures were expected and documents and bank accounts were being checked. Officials said questioning of members of the BRO purchase committee also cannot be ruled out. They added that the departmental inquiry conducted had indicted Narang and Mathur of making purchases at higher rates, thus causing loss in crores.CBI SP Rigzin Upasak said that more FIRs could be registered in the case.However, raids at the Mathur's premises failed to bring out much. Officials said he had bought a flat in a in Noida housing society, and no other property document was recovered.In the two FIRs under Prevention of Corruption Act, CBI has made out a case of causing a loss of Rs 2.74 crore to the national exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12067028", "title": "Beating exam blues", "text": "HUBLI: Pre-University exams are fast approaching. Stress and anxiety is palpable among the student community as PU results are considered the turning point in their life. While moderate amount of stress is considered good as it can sharpen their alertness and motivate them to do better in exams, excess stress and depression can take a toll on their mental and physical health. Students need to plan out their approach to studies and exams in a systematic way so as to avoid last minute tension.Students of Adarsh PU Science College shared with the Times of India their views on how to prepare for exams and coping with stress. According to Anoop Kulkarni, solving previous years' question papers helps a great deal. \"As and when we solve question papers, we must not leave a single doubt unsolved. We must discuss with friends and teachers and clarify our doubts then and there,\" he said. Ashwin Kulkarni said, \"We should attend all the unit tests and preparatory exams conducted by the college. It gives a good writing practice and helps us know how prepared we are to face final exams.\" Agrees Gouri R.According to her, if students bunk classes and unit and preparatory exams, the0y will lose confidence to write the annual exams. Solving old question papers, and clarifying doubts will help score good marks in annual exams, she said. Shanteri Nayak feels that instead of fearing exams, one should learn to develop a positive attitude towards it. Systematic and disciplined approach will make things easier. Adhering to a time table will save students from getting overworked. And not to forget healthy food and adequate sleep, which will keep one in the pink of health. \"Teachers should be very supportive in helping us clarify our doubts on time,\" she said. \"Exam preparation should not be restricted to the months of February and March. We should begin preparation from day one of the academic year. Otherwise pressure mounts towards the end of the year. So, study regularly from the beginning itself and you can stay cool and relaxed even when exams approach,\" opined Shubhalakshmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12066993", "title": "JD(S) bike rally tomorrow", "text": "HUBLI: JD(S) will will organize Yuva Chetana Wednesday in Hubli, said party's district president Fattesha Yeragatti. Speaking at a meeting here, Fattesha Yeragatti said a bike rally will be held in the city to make the event a success.The rally will kick off from Siidharudha Mutt and go through the main roads of the city including Ambedkar circle and Kittur Rani Chennamma circle and assemble at Sawai Gandarva Hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12070167", "title": "Film documents lives shattered by honour killings", "text": "Chandigarh: She still recalls happier times during her college days, when she felt she was tension-free. But soon after the Manoj-Babli honour killings in 2007, she found herself engulfed in legal battles. And the battle continues.In a documentary by Delhi-based director Nakul Sawhney, Seema, 25, sister of the ill-fated Manoj, recalls how they were offered money for a compromise and were warned of the consequences in case they chose to pursue the case.Twenty-three year old Manoj from Karoran village in Kaithal district had married Babli, 19, against the wishes of her family on April 7, 2007, and the villagers opposed the same-gotra marriage. To make matters worse, the both were from the same village too. Eventually, the couple was killed.Seema recalls the day when she and her mother Chanderpati reached the police station to lodge an FIR. \"Even the police weren't ready to help us. They said a case had already been registered against my mother and me for helping Manoj abduct Babli,\" she says on record in the documentary titled 'Izzatnagari ki Asabhya Betiyaan' (translated as 'Immoral daughters in the land of honour'). When they did finally manage to convince the police to register a case, pressure from the villagers mounted.\"They used to come in groups of five, ten, twenty or more, offering us money for a compromise,\" said Seema, who is now a constable with the Haryana police. \"Then one day, a huge panchayat meeting was called. Our relatives, who were also part of the panchayat, apprehended the worst for me and my two siblings. It made my mother nervous. But I explained to her that it's a pressure tactic, and we resolved to fight it at all costs. It's been almost five years now since our legal battle began, but we've never considered a compromise,\" she added.\"Manoj had met Babli during her schooldays when he apprenticed as a mechanic at a shop in the village. But we were not aware about their plans to get married,\" said Seema who was, at that time, pursuing a degree in law. The family keeps the photos of Manoj and Babli in a collection they call \"Golden moments\".The documentary also replicates the sequence of events leading to the honour killings and the problems that ensued. When Seema and her mother lodged a police complaint about the honour killings, the angry villagers called a panchayat meeting on June 21, 2007. Panchayat chief Ganga Raj announced social boycott of Manoj's family, warning of a fine of Rs 25,000 on anyone violating the order.\"Villagers refused to sell us milk, nor fodder for our cattle,\" Seema recalls. \"Even now, we are living under police protection and can't move about freely,' she adds. Attacking the 'traditions' that led to the honour killings, Seema wonders why they haven't changed, even when they are creating problems rather than solving them. \"Traditions are for people, and not vice-versa,\" she says in the documentary.In 2010, a Karnal court convicted seven people accused in the honour killings case - awarding the death penalty to five members of Babli's family, life imprisonment to Banwala khap leader Ganga Raj and seven years' jail term to the driver of vehicle used in the crime.The Punjab and Haryana high court, however, provided relief to the convicts who were facing the gallows, their sentence being commuted to life imprisonment. Ganga Raj and Satish, another accused person in the case, were acquitted. Seema's mother Chanderpati was not satisfied with the HC verdict and has appealed to the Supreme Court challenging the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12062692", "title": "Our safety is our concern too", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's a clean city. It's a green city. A model for the country's modern cities. But, is it also a safe city to live in? We do hear of murders, loots, house break-ins, snatchings. And, we often ask: Why can't such a small city, with just about 10-lakh population, be kept safe?The answer often lies with us. For, even we can do our bit to make Chandigarh a safe city. So, when TOI met senior officials of the Chandigarh Police to draw up a plan to make Chandigarh a safe city, we had a healthy debate on 'should a campaign happen only after things have gone totally wrong or should a campaign pre-empt events and help do a course correction?''Make Chandigarh A Safe City', a campaign that is an initiative of Chandigarh Police and TOI, took shape from this debate. Even as the police go about spreading awareness among citizens with the help of college students, who are reaching the message to every home, TOI will, over the next few weeks, talk about how every citizen can help make the city safer.Does it take much of an effort, or money, to install a cross-bell connecting your home to your neighbour's? All you need to do is ring it when you are in trouble? Or, how long does it take to register details about the maid in your house with the police? Nothing, time or money , could be more precious than life.It doesn't take much to secure yourself. Let's take the first step, together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12063468", "title": "Mayawati nixes Lokayuta call for Siddiqui probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day before the sixth phase of polling that covers areas where Muslim could swing a number of seats, chief minister Mayawati turned down UP Lokayukta's recommendation for a CBI and ED probe against the BSP's Muslim face and her number two, Naseemuddin Siddiqui.Mayawati, who has sacked six ministers indicted by the Lokayukta on corruption charges so far, ingeniously said the allegations against Siddiqui have to do with him as a person, and not as a minister. Therefore, he cannot be prosecuted under section 12(4) of the UP Lokayukta Act that covers corruption charges against a public servant.The Lokayukta, Justice NK Mehrotra, had charged Siddiqui with money-laundering, evasion of stamp duty on sale deeds of land bought by him, running a dummy educational society and misuse of office. He submitted the report to the CM's office on February 22, a day before the fifth phase of polling.Opposition leaders challenged Maya to sack Siddiqui as she had others ministers in the dock. Describing Siddiqui as the CM's operative, they said that the departments of most sacked ministers were given to Siddiqui who, too, was now indicted for corruption. As a minister, Siddiqui has over 18 departments including those considered to be \"money-spinning\" like the PWD, health and family welfare, housing, excise, irrigation and mining.The government said the Lokayukta is free to refer the matter to departments concerned and recommend action against Siddiqui as per rule. For instance, the matter related to the dummy society could be referred to the registrar of chit funds. The government also said the Lokayukta had exceeded his domain in recommending a probe against Siddiqui.This is the first instance of Mayawati standing solidly behind someone indicted by the Lokayukta. She has erected a legal defence for Siddiqui that is unlikely to wash with the public. Equally, she would have been stung badly had she dropped her number two and the party's tallest Muslim leader in the middle of polls.Congress leader Digvijay Singh said Siddiqui is guilty of corruption charges and the government should order a CBI probe. The leader of the opposition in the Vidhan Sabha, Shivpal Singh Yadav, said the government's refusal to accept the Lokayukta's report against Siddiqui showed that it is patronising corruption. BJP's Surya Pratap Sahi said Mayawati stands exposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12063623", "title": "Take offenders to BBMP and get rewarded", "text": "BANGALORE: If you find garbage being burnt on the streets, then bring it to BBMP's notice and bag Rs 1,000.Following complaints from the public, BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda said, \"If anyone produces a photograph of garbage being burnt on the roadside, then we will reward them Rs 1,000 in cash.\"Not just that, the BBMP has decided to slap a fine of Rs 10,000 on the area contractor.\"It's the duty of BBMP contractors to clear garbage collected by sweepers in the morning and transport it to the dumping yard. It is then converted into compost.\"Burning of dry leaves and other material creates air pollution and contribute to the ecological imbalance, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062563", "title": "2G verdict: Govt wary of auctions, may go to SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is considering seeking an opinion from the Supreme Court on implementation of its 2G verdict laying down auction as the sole mechanism for allocation of natural resources in place of the first-come first-served practice preferred so far in several sectors.According to sources, while the government seems to have settled on seeking the opinion through a presidential reference under Article 143 of the Constitution, the precise point on which it proposes to seek clarification remains to be spelt out.Although the government has welcomed the part of the order cancelling 122 2G mobile licences issued by jailed former telecom minister A Raja, it fears that a rigid enforcement of the judicial prescription for using auction as the solitary mechanism for resource allocation may have serious implications for the economy.It feels that the fallout will not just be limited to sectors such as telecom and mining, where investment has already been affected, but can extend to the financial sector as well, where bank and mutual fund licences are granted after a review of the proposal by regulators.The framing of the presidential reference will indicate whether the government wants to firewall some of the existing decisions or some of the sectors from the ambit of the verdict.The Constitution provides for the government to seek opinion through a presidential reference from the top court on points of law. Opinions obtained under Article 143 are not binding on the government, as opposed to those secured through Article 138 which governments are mandated to implement.Despite its uneasiness over the promulgation of auction as the only valid way of resource allocation, the government decided not to seek a formal review of the 2G verdict because it feared being seen as opposed to the judgment which has been lionized as a blow for crony capitalism.Its discomfort with parts of the judgment may be aggravated by a recent Delhi High Court order, which, citing the 2G verdict, scrapped the process of granting mining leases by the Andhra Pradesh government on a first-come first-served basis.Justice Sunil Gaur quashed the decision of the Andhra Pradesh government to back a private firm for grant of mining leases in Srikakulam and Vizianagram districts. The government had made the decision solely on the basis of the firm being ahead on the priority list.The HC relied heavily on the observations made by the apex court in the 2G case where it said, \"There is a fundamental flaw in the first-come first-served policy in as much as it involves an element of pure chance or accident. In matters involving award of contracts or grant of licence or permission to use public property, the invocation of FCFS policy has inherently dangerous implications.\"Justice Gaur said that \"in light of observations made by SC in the case\", there was no option left to the government but to invite fresh applications, and set aside the award of mining lease to one of the private firms whose rival had approached the HC.The court was hearing a petition by S K Sarawagi and Co challenging the approval by the mining tribunal to grant mining lease to Radhika Metals, a rival company. The case stemmed from a notification issued by the Andhra Pradesh government in 1994 declaring two areas as available to public for grant of mining leases.The petitioner applied for the lease in 2007 when an older application of Radhika Metals was pending before the authorities. When it emerged that areas applied for by both firms overlapped, the government decided to back Radhika Metals over the petitioner's claim only because it had applied first. Sarawagi and Co lost its case before the Delhi-based mining tribunal and moved the HC in appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12064276", "title": "Finally, 5 SFD staffers held in Rs 3 crore nursery scam", "text": "NAGPUR: The Umred police on Monday finally arrested all the five accused forest employees, including a divisional forest officer (DFO), in the Rs three crore plantation scam in the social forestry department (SFD).The five accused employees include former deputy director B A Mitra, plantation officers S C Gaikwad (Bhiwapur) and S S Supe (Umred), assistant plantation officer of Bhiwapur S R Gupta and clerk Sunil Bandebuche.All were on the run after the Supreme Court dismissed their application to seek anticipaytory bail and quash FIR against them. All the accused had moved the apex court after the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court had rejected their petition.The twist in the long-pending case came two days ago when an application filed by the accused to quash the FIR against them was 'dismissed as withdrawn' by a criminal bench headed by Justices P V Hardas and Sadhana Jadhav.Barring Mitra, all the accused have been suspended. Police officials said the accused were arrested in front of the session's court. It could not be confirmed whether the accused came with an intention to surrender or were arrested by the police.Superintendent of police for Nagpur rural Manoj Kumar Sharma confirmed the arrests. \"It is a clear-cut case of 420,\" he told TOI. Investigating officer (IO) and Umred PI Madhukar Geete said all the accused will be produced before the court on Tuesday.It is dubbed as one of the worst frauds in the social forestry department.The scam involved transfer of over 10 lakh saplings from small packets to large ones from SFD nurseries in Umrer and Bhiwapur but the work was never done and remained only on paper.These employees prepared bogus bills and recorded fake statements to siphon off huge government money.The accused officials also prepared fake estimates and forwarded them without any verification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063790", "title": "Motorists suffer as traffic lights go on the blink", "text": "BHOPAL: Commuters, who took Hoshangabad road stretch from Habibganj station to DB Mall on Monday, had a harrowing time as functioning of all traffic signals went out of order for a couple of hours on Monday. Though the traffic police tried to set things in order, chaos reigned supreme on all the four major squares on the stretch. The traffic police said the signals were closed down for repair work.\"Traffic signals on the road were closed in the first half of the day for repair work,'' additional superintendent of police (ASP) traffic Monika Shukla later said.\"Hoshangabad road being one of the busiest roads and load during peak hours is high, we had a tough time crossing squares,'' Brijesh Singh, a commuter said.Nearly 2 km road stretch from Habibganj station to DB mall has around four signal junctions. These include Mansarovar Complex, Pragati petrol pump, Board Office and DB Mall.Chaos reigned supreme at all the four major squares on the Hoshangabad road stretch. The traffic police said the signals were closed down for repair work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063838", "title": "It\u2019s marriage bureau for elderly now!", "text": "BHOPAL: After \"Senior Citizen's Live in Relationship Sammelan,'' a marriage bureau for the elderly would be inaugurated soon in the city. The bureau will work towards uniting those who are well past their prime. But unlike the mela, it will come at a price.Captain Shivram Singh Sengar and Prof Hari Singh Sengar have conceptualized the idea for a senior citizen's welfare service society and marriage bureau, which are slated to open in March in the city.\"We have been inspired by the concept of helping the elderly from the \"Live in Mela'' organized by Natubhai Patel of Vina Mulya Amulya Seva (VMAS) and Dr Ashok Jain. Our bureau would not only serve as a platform for senior citizens to come together in a union, either marriage or a live in, we would also provide additional services along with it, albeit at a price,'' said Capt Sengar, an ex-army man who had retired in 1984.Prof Sengar, an educationist and associated with Dr Hari Singh Gaur University, Sagar and Barkatullah University, is the advisor for the NGO. He said, \"Often a retired man wants to live second innings of his life like that in his service years. Our NGO would enable them to look for a suitable match.''Unlike the 'live in mela', males would have to shell out Rs 500 as registration charge in the bureau. For women, it is free. Also the NGO plans to offer additional services like detective services, medical, legal aid, yoga classes, picnics and excursions and awareness on the Senior Citizen's Act. All these would be chargeable.\"Once they show interest, it important to run a background check on those coming to us for the safety of the women,'' said Capt Sengar, who runs a security services agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12063671", "title": "A rocking evening with friends", "text": "After journeying through Rabindrasangeet, nazrulgeeti, baul and pop, Maitree Bandhan, presented by The Times of India and Prothom Alo rocked on Monday evening. It was time for two of the most well-known bands from India and Bangladesh to match their musical skills in an engaging show. They set hearts pounding and feet tapping with their high-decibel melody at the Nazrul Mancha. A 4,000-strong audience swayed and cheered wildly as Chandrabindoo and Miles - the cult band from Bangladesh churned out their chart-busting numbers with gusto and fervour.\"We are grateful to The Times of India and Prothom Alo for giving us the stage to perform with Miles. We have sung with them before, but never for a noble cause such as this,\" said Anindyo of Chandrabindoo. It was Chandrabindoo that kicked off the show with 'Amar shahare'. They followed it up with 'Je kota din' from the film 'Baishe Shrabon'. 'Thor bari khara' was their next number for the evening followed by the immensely popular 'Sweetheart, I am sitting alone'. \"Do you know what is the biggest cottage industry in the two Bengals? It is unrequited love. And music depicting our failed love affairs can serve as a bridge between the countries,\" quipped Anindyo to thunderous cheer. Chandrabindoo was at its vintage best. Easily the most heard among bands on this side of the border, they lived up to the expectations.'Doodh na khele hobe na bhalo chele' had the crowd clapping. 'Amar bhindeshi tara', which the band dedicated to Bangladesh, touched a cord. While 'Gechho bhoot' from the film 'Gosainbaganer bhoot' was funny, 'Amra Bangali jati' was even more amusing and witty. 'Bondhu tomay e gaan shonabo bikelbela' - the evergreen number - was the final song of the evening for Chandrabindoo.It was time for Miles to takeover. Members of the two bands shared the stage for a brief while. They held hands, though didn't sing together.The popular rock band from Bangladesh is one of the oldest in that country, forming as early as 1978. Over the years, the group has had new members joining in as the old ones bowed out. It is now a five-member team comprising Hamin Ahmed on lead guitar, Shafin Ahmed on bass, Manam Ahmed on keyboard, Iqbal Asif Jewel on guitar and Syed Ziaur Rahman Turjo on drums and has cut just three albums since 1991. Their music remains scarce, yet is passionately craved for across the two Banglas. Their first Bengali album, Protisruti, came in 1991, years after Miles had attained cult status. Their fourth album Protyasha was released in 1993 and sold approximately 300,000 copies within a few months of its release and is still one of the best-selling albums in Bangladesh. Protiddhoni, released in 2006, is their most recent album.On Monday, they showed why they are considered to be the frontrunner among bands. With 'Pathure nadi', they set the tone for the evening. It had everyone cheering from every nook and corner of the auditorium. If 'Shesh Thikana' was pulsating, 'Jhiki miki tara' set pulses racing fast. The much-awaited 'Firie dao' had the crowd swaying to the music.The rocking union of melody left the audience craving for more. It's now over to Cactus and James from Bangladesh to deliver a final memorable performance on the final day of Maitree Bandhan on February 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12064997", "title": "River sutra to solve poll mathematics", "text": "LUCKNOW: Worshipped by her ardent devotees, who believe that bathing in its sacred waters frees one from the agony of death, Yamuna, according to Hindu mythology is the daughter of Sun god, Surya and sister of Yama, the god of Death. It is perhaps this reason that prompts politicians from almost every political party to proceed on their electoral journey only after seeking blessings from Yamuna, which is the largest tributary of Ganga in northern India .The river finds a mention in the election manifesto of the Bharatiya Janata Party, which has promised special mission to clean rivers like Ganga, Yamuna and Gomti along with active participation of saints. The Congress too has assured of taking river cleaning on a war footing, especially of Ganga, Yamuna, Gomti , Saryu and Ghagra.Originating from the Yamunotri glacier at a height 6,387 metres, on the south western slopes of Banderpooch peaks, in Lower Himalayas in Uttarakhand's Utarkashi district, Yamuna covers a length of 1,376 kilometres before merging with Ganga and the mythical Saraswati at Sangam in Allahabad . Yamuna has a drainage basin of 3,66,223 square kilometres, which constitutes 40.2% of the entire Ganga Basin.And as it negotiates with the geographical twists and turns of the Hindi heartland, Yamuna touches 46 assembly constituencies situated in 18 districts of the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh. If electoral results of 2002 and 2007 assembly polls are any indications , then the river has proved to be lucky for political parties as at 10 out of 21 assembly constituencies (prior to delimitation) situated on its banks have escaped from the clutches of anti-incumbency factor in 2007.Delimitation had a major impact on the political landscape on the assembly constituencies situated on the banks of Yamuna as voters in 24 assembly seats would elect their MLA for the first time. Out of the 46 constituencies, 7 are reserved for scheduled castes, of which 5 were formed after delimitation. Delimitation has also altered the demography of 3 assembly seats, which have shun the reserved tag and are now general seats. The assembly seat of Khekda in Baghpat district, which cease to exist after delimitation, also lies on the banks of the river, which accounts for more than 70% of Delhi's water supplies.The impact of delimitation has been the highest in Taj city, where four new seats have cropped up. These include Etmadpur , Fatehpur Sikri, Agra North and Agra Rural. The districts of Etawah, Jalaun, Ramabai Nagar and Chitrakoot have undergone 100% transformation due to delimitation.Among the 18 districts, Agra tops the table, with 6 of its assembly constituencies (Etmadpur, Fatehpur Sikri, Agra North, Agra Rural, Fatehabad and Bah) touching the holy river. Agra is followed by Mathura, whose 5 assembly seats lie on the banks of Yamuna. The assembly seats are Mat, Chhata, Mathura, Govardhan and Baldeo. The river also touches as many as 4 constituencies of Allahabad (Bara, Karchana, Allahabad South and Allahabad North), before it joins the Ganga and mythical Saraswati at Sangam.Another interesting observation is that the river passes through the pocket borough of three regional power houses, whose political future is at stake in this election. It includes Baghpat, the bastion of Rashtriya Lok Dal, Etawah, the stronghold of Mulayam Singh Yadav and Samajwadi Party and Khair in Aligarh, a pocket borough of Jan Kranti Party's founder and former chief minister Kalyan Singh.Going by the final results , the river may be considered lucky to some extent for the BSP, as it was able to increase its tally of 6 seats in 2002 polls to 10 in 2007. RLD also increased its tally to 5 in 2007 from 2 in 2002, while total seats won by SP declined from 5 in 2002 to 3 in 2007. Similarly , BJP's figures fell from 5 in 2002 to 2 in 2007. Shyam Sundar Sharma of Akhil Bharatiya Lok Tantrik Congress won the seat in 2002 and retained it in 2007. Among the Independent candidate, Madan Bhaiya won the Khekda seat in 2002 and retained the seat in 2007, but on a RLD ticket.And, as people in seven districts located on Yamuna's banks wait eagerly to elect their next representative , the holy river too waits for its saviour, who can help her in getting on with the cleansing act.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12064273", "title": "Security assured to Bihar MLC after Maoists' threat call", "text": "PATNA: Janata Dal(U) legislator Dinesh Prasad Singh on Sunday night received a threatening call from Maoists. Raising the issue during the zero hour in the Legislative Council on Monday, he sought protection from the government and action against the caller.Singh said, \"Soon after receiving the threatening call, I informed the DM, SP and the IG about it. I have also provided them the caller's number.\"Displaying the newspapers in the House, he said that the Maoists have also attacked a hot mix plant at a village under Saraiya police station in Muzaffarpur district.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi assured the House that the government would take appropriate action in this regard. He said that the government has sought detailed report about the whole incident and would take suitable action against the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12064810", "title": "SSC students clog board helplines", "text": "MUMBAI: While HSC students are finally settling down and appearing for their board examinations, the state board helplines are constantly busy. Clogging the helplines at present are anxious SSC students and their parents, inquiring about a range of topics, including examination centres, changes in exam pattern and lastminute worries.\"By afternoon, we received over 300 calls from SSC students. Since most got hall tickets only last week, students have been continuously calling up to inquire about their centres' addresses,\" said Balsaheb H, an official with the helplines. But officials said they had not received any calls from HSC students till afternoon.Apart from routine questions , students are worried about the new examination pattern the state board has implemented in Maths and Science this year. The pattern will include objective and application-based questions and more choices in the multiplechoice question (MSQ) option . The final Science practical (40 marks) will be evaluated by the school itself. From this year, no external examiner will set practical papers or evaluate them.\"Since many schools pointed out that practical exams for no other subject are evaluated by an external coordinator, we decided to change the pattern for Science practicals too,\" a state board official said. He added that even though the subject pattern had changed this year, students need not panic. \"Examinations will be smooth sailing and students and parents don't need to worry ,\" he said. Students will have to secure a minimum 25% in papers. While in Science , they will have to score 15 out of 60 marks to clear the paper, in Maths, students must score at least 30 out of 120. From next year, the changed pattern will be applicable to all subjects, where students will have to get a minimum pass percentage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12063533", "title": "Lucky by chance", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a sultry Saturday night. B Lingaiah, 30, chose to sleep on a cement platform instead of a wooden bench. At 2.30am, Lingaiah heard a noise but was too tired to wake up. A little later, his friend Pervez came running and woke him up. \"In summer, I prefer sleeping on the cement platform. Normally, I sleep under the wooden benches. I heard Pervez Anna shouting at the top of his voice and running towards other shops. But for him, I wouldn't be here talking to you,\" Lingaiah told TOI, reliving the horror.Nearly 150 people who were awakened from slumber, ran for their lives. Karthik Rangaswamy will not forget the day in a hurry. \"I had just unloaded two bags of potatoes when I heard some strange noises. I saw Pervez waking up people and asking them to just run. I simply left everything and ran for my life, not knowing why. On the way, I saw a shop being gutted,\" he said.Mahesh Nanjundaiah was sleeping outside his shop, No. 6, when the fire began raging. \"People were running helter-skelter, someone came and woke me up, asking me to run. I saw the flames char the gunny bags on which I was sleeping,\" he recalls.On Monday, most of these daily wage workers left for their home towns as they have no work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066705", "title": "Plea to open cancer unit at SR Hospital", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Samajwadi Party MP Shailendra Kumar has demanded opening of a cancer unit at SRN Hospital so that patients of the adjoining region grappling with the dreaded disease can be benefited.Kumar has met Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad and apprised him about the matter. The latter has assured him of positive action.He said that cases of cancer has shown an upward trend in Allahabad, Kaushambi, Pratapgarh, Fatehpur, Banda, Chitrakoot, Satna and Rewa. These regions are backward and grappling with poverty. Most of the patients die due to lack of medical aid. Some of them sell their land and property to go to Mumbai or New Delhi for seeking medical aid.There is a separate cancer unit in Kamla Nehru Memorial Hospital. But due to large number of patients thronging the centre, the hospital is unable to serve them properly. Therefore, there is an urgent need to open a cancer unit with latest machines at the SRN Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12064370", "title": "Urban youths take a U-turn towards farming", "text": "NAGPUR: They are young, educated and urbanites, but are not working in an MNC or living a plush lifestyle. They are the new generation of farmers, preferring to be called agriculturists and planters. It's a job they have chosen for themselves driven by the love for farming.While celebrating its silver jubilee year, National Research Centre for Citrus ( NRCC ) felicitated many farmers and scientists for their contributions in citrus cultivation. It was a pleasant change to find out that many of these farmers were well educated and made good use of the scientific advances to their advantage.From a prospective diamond merchant, Sreekant Mehta turned to agriculture and has no regrets in doing so. His father, who traded the precious stone for a living, wished to divulge into another line of business and ended up establishing coffee plantations.\"People did scoff at me, but I knew what I was doing. Looking back, I think it was a wise decision as I was living in a clean, pollution-free atmosphere and had time to read,\" he said.Studying cultivation as if it were a science, the Salem-based 'grower' has been able to bring in Amla into southern India. Introduced only in 1993, in less than two decades, the crop has taken up 9,038 hectares and helped in creating many jobs.For teacher at a government school, MC Rajashekhar Reddy from Venkatareddipalli village of Andhra Pradesh it was financial compulsion that took him to the profession.Being a physically-challenged person, people discouraged him from taking this physically taxing job saying it would bring him more economic burden than relief. 10 years later, he has not only proven them all wrong but also inspired many in the nearby villages to take up farming.Using no chemicals and with techniques like soil and leaf analysis and water management, he changed around 75 acre of drought lands into a productive venture yielding around 400 tonnes of oranges per year.MT Muthanna, a software engineer, who gave up his job and an urban existence for agriculture. \"My father kept working as a chartered accountant while tending to the farms as well. I feel blessed to be living the life I am and wouldn't trade it for anything,\" he declared.TVSN Veera Arasu got similar plans for his children. This modern farmer also dabbles with a consultancy business for urban farmers with big plots. The plantation owner from Tamil Nadu has sent his sons abroad to study with condition that they return in a decade and help him with his farms. \"I am the sixth generation of my family doing this work and want them to carry it on after me,\" he said.Arasu's wishes are already being fulfilled by Jack Siag, whose family is engaged in agriculture in Fazilka district of Punjab. Living in Australia, he ensures he spends half the year in India looking after the farms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12063036", "title": "HC: APIIC brought scam upon itself", "text": "HYDERABAD: Wondering whether it was not the AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) which had unwittingly given rise to scams like the one that involves Emaar by venturing into real estate business, justice L Narasimha Reddy of the high court on Monday posted to Tuesday a petition challenging the refusal of authorities to register plots in the Emaar project, Boulder Hills.The judge was of the opinion that APIIC should rather have confined itself to the job of providing needful industrial infrastructure and stuck to its brief. The judge was responding to a petition filed by one K Bharat who had bought a 1,416 sq.yard plot in Boulder Hills. Bharat told the court that he was being victimised by the non-registration of that plot in his name.BP Mohan, the APIIC counsel , however, said that plot owners have played a part in the scam. Each plot owner paid only Rs 5,000 per sq.yard although the market rate was Rs 50,000 per sq.yard. The advocate general would Tuesday present the state and authorities' case.CBI files counter against Sunil Reddy bail plea: The CBI on Monday filed its counter in the agency's court opposing the bail plea of N Sunil Reddy, an accused in the Emaar scam. The CBI said that the accused had collected excess cash to the tune of Rs 96 croreand, therefore, was not in apposition to deny knowledge of the trail that cash had taken. The case was posted for hearing to March 5.SC posts Srilakshmi bail plea to March 12: The Supreme Court on Monday posted to March 12 the hearing in the bail plea of senior IAS officer Y Srilakshmi following a request by the counsel for the petitioner. Srilakshmi is an accused in the illegal mining case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "12063443", "title": "Villagers get bail after land clash", "text": "ASANSOL: All the seven villagers arrested from Purushottampur in Burdwan have been released on bail on Monday morning. They were arrested on Sunday, after a clash with police over construction of boundary wall by Iisco. The villagers demanded jobs for the land they had given up for the Iisco project.On Monday, Hirapur OC Uday Ghosh said the seven persons picked up from the spot were arrested on the basis of an FIR filed around two weeks ago. \"The charges against them were bailable, so they have been released. A separate FIR has been lodged on Sunday evening against a mob for attacking the police. Nobody has been arrested in that case,\" the OC said.Fifteen villagers, who suffered minor injuries and were admitted to Asansol Subdivisional Hospital, have been discharged on Monday.On Sunday, law minister Moloy Ghatak has told the villagers that he would arrange a meeting in Kolkata on Wednesday with industries minister Partha Chatterjee to resolve the issue.But, ISP management has made it very clear on Monday that the landlosers have been compensated as per law and there is no scope for providing jobs to the displaced families. The authorities, however, have promised to build a temple for the villagers. The land at Purushottampur had been acquired by Iisco about 20 years ago, but did not take possession, again the land have been reaquired on 2007.Police said the seven persons picked up from the spot were arrested on the basis of an FIR filed two weeks ago", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12066789", "title": "Nasscom cuts hiring target, says salary raise to be muted", "text": "NEW DELHI: SD Shibulal, CEO and managing director of the country's second largest software exporter, Infosys said that the global economy, driven by slower growth in developed markets coupled with the European crisis, could impact the growth of the IT industry.Nearly all the top service providers have warned of weakness in demand. India's IT and IT services sector will cross the $100 billion mark this fiscal but the growth rate will slow down in the next fiscal as concerns over global economic situation and domestic policy issues loom large, industry body Nasscom said.Nasscom also said hiring is expected to be lesser at 1,00,000 jobs in the next fiscal and the growth in wage rise will also be lesser at around 8-10 per cent.As per estimates by the industry body, total revenue of the sector will be $101 billion out of which $69 billion will be from exports and $32 billion from domestic market.Gartner said the gap between what it expects and what the industry is projecting has only widened with Nasscom's lower growth estimates for software exports in the coming fiscal.In the December quarter, the top 5-8 companies had a revenue growth in the range of 19-25%.India's largest software services exporting houses such as Tata Consultancy Services and Infosys have been sending out mixed signals about growth ahead, but Nasscom's estimates confirm fears of a slowdown for the industry as a whole. It will re-examine its forecast in October, as economic uncertainties made prediction difficult.Nasscom has set a $225-billion target for the Indian IT industry by 2020, which the industry can achieve only if it grows at 13% year-on-year for the next eight years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066665", "title": "Liquor shops to remain closed during Holi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district administration has ordered closure of all liquor shops on March 8 and 9 in order to maintain peace during Holi.District magistrate Alok Kumar has ordered that all liquor shops selling IMFL, beer and bhang would be closed on March 8. All types of liquor shops within the municipal limits would also be closed on March 9 till 2 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hukam singh road", "code": "12063822", "title": "Young cricketers take tips from Gagandeep", "text": "HUKAM SINGH ROAD: Budding cricketers couldna??t have asked for more. On Monday, international cricketer and right arm medium fast bowler, Gagandeep Singh, gave tips to these aspiring cricketers during lunch and tea break of a cricket match.The young bunch spent time learning nuances of the game. Gagandeep said he enjoyed his time and was happy to have answered their questions regarding bowling.Settled in England, where he plays for a club in Derbyshire, Gagandeep is in the city on a vacation and decided to watch the match in Ludhiana.The 30-year-old started his international career in 2004 with the Bangladesh tour under captain Sourav Ganguly . Later, he played against Pakistan and Sri Lanka and had a promising career in first class cricket also, where he took 266 wickets in 66 Ranji matches.International cricketer and right arm medium fast bowler Gagandeep Singha??s best bowling performances include nine 5-wicket halls in seven Ranji matches in a row. He also played for Kings XI Punjab in Indian Premier League and is now preparing for league matches of clubs of Derbyshire, England, which would commence soon.Gagandeep wanted to become a fast bowler and with his hard work and determination, fulfilled his dream. a??In 1999, I played for Punjab in Ranji trophy and till 2011, I was part of the state team,a?? he said.He said the city has produced a number of talented cricketers but regretted the fact that the youngsters do not have any cricket ground here and authorities organizes matches on rented ground. He feels if the city players have their own independent ground, it would help them a lot.Budding cricketer, Suraj Verma said he learnt many tips from Gagandeep, who also shared his international experience with him. He said his dream also is to play in the Indian cricket team and he is preparing hard for achieving his goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067534", "title": "Srikanth enjoys playing himself in the Malayalam film Hero", "text": "Guess what's got Srikanth excited? The actor, who's still riding high on the success of his last outing, Shankar's Nanban, is enjoying playing himself in the Malayalam film, Hero.He says, \"I've been shooting in Cochin and Tiruvananthapuram for the past few days with Prithviraj. I play an actor, son of a political bigwig, and Prithvi plays a stuntman. Kanal Kannan master has choreographed some mind-blowing stunt sequences for us, and I'm sure they will be talked much talked about once the film releases.\"Meanwhile, the actor celebrates his birthday today with his son and has big plans for this evening. \"My son and I share our birthdays and the day is very special for us. I will be spending the day with my family, and we'll have a special party later with our friends,\" he reveals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12070996", "title": "Fujitsu launches five notebooks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fujitsu India on Tuesday launched five notebooks with configurations claimed to be specifically designed for enterprise customers. The price for these notebooks will start from Rs 21,995. The final price will depend on configuration selected by the customer.\"Our Lifebook portfolio offers entry-level as well as more powerful, individual solutions for growing organizations,\" said Alok Sharma, country manager (workplace systems) Fujitsu India.Sharma added the company would also launch ulltrabooks and several other premium laptops in the coming weeks.The specifications for laptops launched on Tuesday are:LIFEBOOK LH531: It is an all-purpose notebook. It weighs 2.2 kg and has a screen size of 14 inches. If consumers want, they can opt for the model with Blu-Ray drive. This notebook comes with an anti-glare display with LED backlight, 1.3MP webcam and a feature called anytime-USB-charge that allows a user to charge phones/media devices even when the laptop is turned off.LIFEBOOK SH531: This notebook is aimed at users who want everyday mobile companion at home, in the office , at school or on the go. It is a portable machine with weight of just 1.9kg and a screen size of 13.3 inches.LIFEBOOK AH531: This is a notebook with 15.6-inch screen and hence a much better option if you want to do some serious work. The big feature with AH531 is support for 3G. This makes the notebook a decent option for people who work on the go.LIFEBOOK A531: This is almost similar to AH531. It has the same 15.6 inches screen and option for 3G connectivity. Extra reliability and usability are provided by the spill-resistant keyboard with numberpad and anytime-USB-charge.LIFEBOOK E751: This too is a 15.6-inch laptop. But with a focus on business users, it claims to offer better security features and data protection.Fujitsu said that the notebooks are available with second-generation Intel Core processor and consumers have option to choose from i3, i5 or i7 CPUs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12062694", "title": "Glass artist wants to train youth in dying art", "text": "MADURAI: The only man in Tamil Nadu who has the official recognition as the 'kannadi kalaignar' ( glass artist) wants youngsters to take up this lucrative, profit-making art endeavour, which he feels will die after him.T Ramalingam (61), son of a customs official, had learnt the art of glass making at the Government Artistic Glass Training Centre, Madurai Industrial estate in 1966, much against his father's wishes. After learning the nuances of artistic glass making, he went on to master the art of silvering of glasses, to make them into mirrors.He worked in the government glass making unit from 1967 to 1979 and had to leave as the unit was shut down. \"I was one worker who never failed in my duty that I loved and worked all through my employment period without taking leave or never being late for work, which however, went unrecognised,\" he claims.Ramalingam went on to work in some of the famous hotels in Tamil Nadu, including Pandiyan Hotel in Madurai, Carlton in Kodaikanal and later in the Taj Group in Chennai and Bangalore, where his skill earned him recognition as he was able to re-silver some of the huge mirrors in their premises.\"I was also a member of the Society of Glass Technology in United Kingdom and participated in many international conferences held in India,\" he said. Out of passion for his skill, he has designed his own tools for polishing and re-silvering glasses in his home.Though mercury was used to make mirrors in the past, now it is predominantly silver and tin. The entire process involves around 60 different chemicals. He learnt the details of all these chemicals by doing a diploma course in biochemistry. \"I don't manufacture new mirrors, but make old ones look like new and unlike other persons who do the job, I give a 10-year guarantee for all the mirrors, that I re-silver,\" he adds.Ramalingam is now into making glass blackboards for smart classrooms in schools across south Tamil Nadu. His wife has also mastered the art. Another thing he can do is remove scratches from the windscreens of vehicles without removing the glass, for about Rs 1,000. \"Glass and mirror works are ancient art forms which have to be preserved,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "7618256", "title": "Why smart girls play dumb!", "text": "The Silly Me Syndrome (SMS) is not a new affliction. Most women, at some point in life, have fallen prey to it. Rachel Fernandes tells you more.Picture this scene: You walk up to that dream dude, introduce yourself and you two hit it off really well. You think, 'Wow! am I lucky or what?'. Smooth sailing till now. Then bam, right out of the blue he makes a factually incorrect statement or pronounces a simple word wrong or looks at you absolutely baffled when you mention a well-known classic that happens to be your favourite book or movie. But instead of correcting him, you play dumb and pretend it never happened.And before you relegate this incident as a piece of fiction ladies, stop and think. At some point or the other, you, too, will have experienced a similar incident and reacted in the very same manner. Yes, SMS or Silly Me Syndrome, is a common female affliction, Unfortunately, it could be quite damaging to one's well being and mental health. So when exactly does SMS affect women? Put simply, it happens when a woman chooses to play dumb just so that she doesn't offend the man she is out with or the man in her life - boyfriend or husband. Interestingly, there is no start age for this syndrome because women learn to adjust to the intellectual gap from an early age. However, once in a relationship or when they are ready to get into one, the desire to get one from the opposite sex to like them becomes a growing distraction.\"There is a dearth of quality men around and these women know that if they play smart, they will not have as many men as they would like. Hence, they are willing to compromise,\" explains Varkha Chulani, clinical psychologist and counsellor. According to her, this symptom is not restricted to just dating, one also finds women cutting themselves short in the corporate world. \"They'll compromise and allow the man to have an upper hand so as to not lose him, especially if she realises that he has a fragile ego. This is mainly a relationship-saving tactic,\" Varkha says. According to clinical psychologist and psychotherapist Seema Hingorrany, it's mainly insecure women who fall prey to this syndrome. \"Though these women know they are intelligent, they are aware of the fact that they are lonely. Also, in an earlier experience, the woman would probably have been told that the man is intimidated by her knowledge, position, behaviour, etc. Hence, even though they find it difficult to play dumb, they do it. They refrain from discussing the kind of books they read or the movies they watch or some serious topic that they know the guy won't be able to comment on. Many a times, family members pressurise women into not showing their smart side just to impress a potential 'good catch',\" she says.Many women have a pre-conceived notion of what qualities their life partner should possess. And often, if the man does not fit the bill, he's out of reckoning. However, experts warn that while average intelligence is a must, one should not set very high benchmarks and expect the other person to be a replica of themselves. As for the effects of this behaviour, Varkha says that if a woman is doing it to save a relationship, it will not affect her. \"However, if she feels compelled to do it way too often, she will eventually begin feeling bitter and resentful,\" she adds.Seema adds that women who are constantly forced to downplay their smartness and intelligence are always stressed out and in a high anxiety mode as they are fully aware that they cannot be their actual selves. \"That apart, in the search for intellectual stimulation and satisfaction, they may end up cheating,\" she adds.Achala Sachdev:  It's quite ridiculous if you can't be yourself with your partner and personally, I feel it's an unrealistic way to live. Yes, I've seen these experiences happening among my friends. But I think it's deceit, both to oneself and to the other person.Gauhar Khan:  Intelligence is the first and most important thing about a man that attracts me. Thankfully, I've not had this problem of having to act dumb or silly to impress a man. Fingers crossed.Candice Pinto:  I'm sure the experience differs from woman to woman. As for me, I'm quite straightforward in nature. I'd rather say what I have to now, than wait till it could be too late. Also, I believe that first impressions are the lasting ones and hence, I'd rather let him know of my intelligence in the beginning than lead him on and then have to dump him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12065118", "title": "111-yr-old heritage landmark damaged during restoration", "text": "NAGPUR: Restoration work on a 'chhatri' at Mokshadham, Ghat Road, was stopped some time after work began on Saturday when the heritage structure, comprising of eight pillars and a canopy, was damaged. Two of the original eight pillars have been removed and the replacement pillars do not match the other pillars, since they are of inferior workmanship, say experts.The grade II structure in schedules list of Heritage Buildings and Conservation Areas of Maharashtra was built in 1901 in memory of Rao Bahadur Kanti Chunder Mukerjee by his son Isan Chandra Mukerjee.The structure was recently approved for restoration and renovation on a request made by Kumar Chatterjee, an heir of the Mukherjee family. The Heritage Conservation Committee of Nagpur gave the approval and also cleared the designs submitted by the promoter, in this case Chatterjee.Chatterjee employed his own engineers and architects and restoration got underway on February 25. Sources say that two of the eight pillars were damaged by those working on them and the work was stopped by the Heritage Committee.As per government guidelines for restoration and conservation, grade II structures \"deserve intelligent conservation\". Development permission for the changes have to be given by the commissioner on the advice of the Heritage Conservation Committee.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal said, \"I have been informed about the collapse of the structure. The work was not being done by or under the guidance of NMC. Now, a report shall be prepared after a site inspection and submitted to the Heritage Committee, which will take a decision on how to proceed on this. But the restoration work will have to be completed by the promoters and not by us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12062997", "title": "Vigilance, ACB raid civic body offices", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau conducted a surprise raid at all the corporation offices and municipality offices in the state. The operation was code-named Operation Two Tyre.The raid was launched following the directive of VACB director Venugopal K Nair. VACB additional director general of police N Shanker Reddy coordinated the raids. The squads hit all the corporation offices, corporation zonal offices and municipality offices across the state simultaneously at 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063801", "title": "Board exam answer-sheets to be checked at model schools", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) has issued a circular directing that evaluation of answer-sheets of Classes IX and XII would be done at the district coordination institutes like the model schools instead of the cluster schools.Till last year, evaluation of Classes X and XII answer-sheets were done at the district coordination institutes. The registration of the teachers for evaluation of answer sheets would not be done by the board from this year.This move has been taken, according to the board sources, to ensure that the answer copies are centrally evaluated and is done in a better manner. Also the teachers enlisted for evaluation duties would have to report to the respective district collectors in case they remain absent from the evaluation duties.Previously, the teachers had to undergo training programme and even then there were complaints of unfair evaluation and copies were sent for re-evaluation, board sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062787", "title": "Soon, you may register rent agreements at a nearby bank", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens may soon be able to avoid long queues at stamp duty and registration offices and register lease/rent agreements at a nearby bank. In a bid to make the registration process hassle-free, the state government has decided to pitch aggressively for an amendment to the Indian Registration Act (IRA), 1908, for delegation of powers to banks to register certain property documents, including leave and license agreements, deeds of mortgage and hypothecation (pledging a mortgage as collateral for a loan).The amendment is part of the state's 57-point wishlist for the upcoming budget session of the Parliament. CM Prithviraj Chavan will discuss these demands with state MPs on Tuesday.A senior state official said, \"Assigning such powers to banks will reduce the burden on stamp duty and registration offices and make the process more citizen-friendly.\"The state wants amendments for online submission of documents and making attachment of court decrees mandatory while registering a property document. The state legislature has consented to the move.V-C selection guidelineThe state wants a modification in the University Grants Commission norms on the appointment of vice chancellors (V-Cs) for search panels. It wants the inclusion of a state nominee on the panel. The CM is expected to ask MPs to push for setting up of an additional IIT and an IIM in Mumbai.Water transport plan extensionThe state has asked the Union environment ministry to extend till 2017 the deadline for the completion of Nariman Point-Borivli water transport project. Naval clearance for a floating jetty at the Gateway of India, green clearance for the sea link's Bandra-Versova arm and approval for phase-II of Mumbai Goa highway are some of the state government's other demands.During the budget session of the Parliament, the state government will push for delegation of powers to banks to register certain property documents, including leave and license agreements and deeds of mortgage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064865", "title": "Work order for minor roads delayed by two months", "text": "The BMC's Rs-350 crore project to fix the city's minor roads is running way behind schedule. So much so that it appears the civic body, in all likelihood, will be unable to finish the project before the monsoon. It had initially planned to begin the task by December last year, but the work order was given as recently as February 22.The civic administration argued that the delay was unavoidable since the project was passed by the standing committee just before the election code of conduct was announced. \"The work order could not have been given earlier since the election was on. Minor roads can be handled without difficulty because they do not require the same amount of work like major roads,\" said additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta.Other officials were less optimistic. They said it will be impossible to finish work on 600 minor roads by the May 15 deadline. \"At the most, some roads will be completed. Had the standing committee not delayed the proposal, work would not have been affected to such an extent,\" said a civic official.Officials explained that, even after the work order has been given to contractors, work on the ground takes time to begin. \"Several permissions for traffic and utilities have to be taken first. Effectively, only two months will be there to work on minor roads,\" said a roads department official.The city has a road network of 1,940 km, of which over 50% is considered to constitute minor roads. Most of these internal roads are maintained and repaired by local ward offices and are in a bad shape. The civic body looks after 1,900 km of Mumbai's roads of which 530 km have already been concretised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12067056", "title": "CM makes time, to campaign for 8 days", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda is quite serious about winning the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha by poll. He will spend eight days, intermittently, from his busy schedule for campaign here. \"In spite of having a budget session in the offing, I have earmarked eight days for campaigning for the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha by poll,'' Gowda told TOI. \"It's a prestige issue for the BJP and personally for me, since I vacated the seat,'' he said.His political acumen was at display when he made it to the centenary celebrations of the All India Billava Union in spite of being down with flu a fortnight back.Though he arrived an hour behind schedule, he made sure that he stayed and delivered his message, with an eye on the impending bypolls.The population of Billavas in the undivided Dakshina Kannada (including Udupi) is about 15 lakh. Of this, even if 60% is considered as eligible to vote, the vote bank is sizeable, says an insider. \"The CM made it to the function because he has special regard for the community. There is no need to attach political overtones to it,'' says Naveenchandra Suvarna, president of All India Billava Union.Former MP Vinaya Kumar Sorake counters: \"If the CM intends to take political advantage, he will not be successful.''BJP candidate Sunil Kumar, who lost in the Karkala assembly polls last time, is also a Billava, but not many, even within the party, are happy with his candidature. Says a source: \"But since it is a prestige issue for the party and CM, we will work in unison for the party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12063091", "title": "Rapid response team to check jaundice spread", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The health department has sounded an alert following the outbreak of jaundice in some parts of Malappuram district. A rapid response team of health volunteers was constituted in the district on Saturday.According to district health administration data, the number of jaundice cases reported in January 2011 was 20 while the number of cases reported in January this year is 86. As on February 20, more than 200 cases have been reported from various parts of the district.District medical officer Dr P Sakeena emphasized the need for the public to take precautions to prevent the spread of the disease. The DMO stressed the need for effective public cooperation to bring the situation under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063727", "title": "Trade union strike: Banking, postal services to be hit today", "text": "BHOPAL: Services in the banking, postal, insurance, taxation and other central government offices will be affected owing to a nationwide strike called by the five major central trade unions. Some state government employees unions have also extended their support to the February 28 strike.The one-day strike is a bid to pressurise the central government to withdraw the pension bill, pay parity for employees unorganised amongst other demands. The employees' unions of the state government are using the same to pursue their demands with the state government.The call for strike has been given by the All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC), Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS), Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU), Hind Mazdoor Sabha (HMS) and Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC). The state employees and officers unions that have supported the strike include MP state gazetted officers association and MP class III government employees association.The state associations claim to have the support of about a lakh employees, across Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12063630", "title": "Slovenia cosies up to IT City", "text": "BANGALORE: The Silicon Valley tag has now brought boutique-country Slovenia closer home. The city's information technology and cost-effective healthcare has drawn one more country closer - Slovenia. As a first step, a consulate was set up on Monday.\"Slovenia is a getaway to the European market and former Yugoslavia , with a lot of a free access particularly to the latter, so companies specially IT companies travelling to our country should ideally be on an advantage,\" Ambassador Janez Premoze told The Times of India.INVESTMENT HUB?\"It can prove to be ideal investment destination for companies,\" added V Ravichandar, Honorary Consul, Republic of Slovenia.Encouraging IT investments apart, the quality and cost-effective healthcare offered by private players in Bangalore is a key area which Slovenia wants to replicate in their own country. \"There is a dearth of specialized medical treatments in the private sector and with the ageing population count going up both government and private players have to co-ordinate to provide quality healthcare cover in Slovenia,\" said Premoze.AYURVEDA, A RAGEPremoze said India's Ayurveda is also becoming popular in a big way. There are two ayurveda centres set up in the country. \"We want to facilitate an exchange of scientists both at the basic and applied research level from Bangalore,\" said Premoze, adding that efforts are on to sustain bilateral exchange of trade between India and Slovenia.TOURISM FACTOR\"It is a great skiing destination, so the idea is also to project Slovenia as a potential tourist destination,\" said Ravichandar. It is learnt that only 5,000-10,000 Indians on an annual basis visit Slovenia while 1,00,000 people from Japan tour the place.\"It is one of the lesser-explored European destinations. With conditions sure to lure the Indian tourist, many more people from Slovenia is likely to touch base here,\" Janez pointed out. A high 14% of the country's GDP is from tourism, but that is largely restricted to a high tourist flow from the European countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12064793", "title": "Minor problem in physics paper", "text": "MUMBAI: Exams for three HSC papers were held in the Science, Commerce and Arts streams, and ICSE students appeared for their first paper on Monday. Some HSC (Science) students complained about a problem carrying four marks that was printed incorrectly in their Physics paper. \"It was an option question, so whoever tried it, the student will be marked on the basis of the method of solution applied,\" said Sarjerao Jadhav, state board chairman.On Monday, 134 cheating cases were recorded in the state; in Mumbai, there were 10; Nashik topped with 40, followed by Nagpur 25, Pune 19, Aurangabad 5, Latur 11, Kolhapur 4 and Konkan 1. Abhishek Hariprasad Singh (21), a dummy for Ranjit Premchand Jaiswal for the secretarial practice paper on Saturday at Navhind Junior College in Dadar (W), was booked by the Bhoiwada police, under Sections 419, 420 (cheating), and 34 (common intention) of the IPC and Section 7 of the Maharashtra Board Malpractices Act. The court remanded both to police custody till February 28, said senior inspector Vikram Patil.There were no problems with the ICSE paper. \"It was straight and easy, and students had nothing to complain about. Though everybody was initially nervous, they were all at ease once they saw the papers,\" said Carl Laurie, principal, Christ Church School, Mazgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12063421", "title": "Child labourer thrashed, SI suspended", "text": "HOWRAH: A 13-year-old boy, employed as a child labourer, was brutally assaulted by traders at Howrah Maidan on Monday morning, on suspicion that he had stolen a mobile phone. The boy was beaten with iron rods and lathis till he collapsed on the street. He has been admitted to Howrah district hospital with multiple injuries. One person has been arrested. SI Subodh Pratihar has been suspended for dereliction of duty.A few days ago, a trader lost his mobile from the shop. On Monday, on his way backhome from the football field, Manish stopped for a while outside a stall. \"He was waiting outside a shop when a trader called Potol asked him whether he knew anything about the missing mobile handset. When Manish said that he wasn't aware of it, Potol and a few others started beating him up with lathis and rods,\" an officer said.Manish's father lodged a complaint against Sibshankar Nag alias Potol.\"We have arrested Nag on the basis of the complaint. We are looking for the others involved in this brutal attack,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063915", "title": "Museum to host Junagadh royals\u2019 artifacts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Jewellery and other precious artifacts that belong to the erstwhile rulers of Junagadh will now be on display at a museum in Junagadh. The government has decided to have a permanent museum to display the items.Fakirbhai Vaghela, social justice and empowerment minister told the state assembly on Monday that 219 gold and 2,426 silver articles, along with other belongings were kept in the custody of the Junagadh collector and were displayed for the public only on two occasions.Vaghela was replying to a question by BJP MLA from Junagadh Mahendra Mashru. Vaghela said that also some 34 different bullet proof sockets are being readied for displaying these artifacts which were left behind when the then ruler Mohabat Khanji-III left for Pakistan in 1947. He said that it was Mohabat Khanji-III who decided to be a part of India, but because it could lead to security issues, Sardar Patel had intervened and had ensured that Junagadh stays with India only.Talking about the museum he said that the two museums in the ancient city - one in Sakarbaugh and another in Darbar Hall - would be merged to make it convenient for display and also for visitors to enjoy the display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062994", "title": "Officials told to ensure proper water supply", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) managing director Adhar Sinha on Monday directed general managers to personally visit areas where complaints on erratic water supply were being reported.As part of 'Praja Vaani' programme, he reviewed complaints from different areas with officials. Responding to complaints from surrounding GHMC circles like Qutubullapur, Uppal and Alwal (Subhashnagar) on erratic water supply, the MD asked GMs (Engineering) to attend to complaints personally. He also asked them to accord top priority to water pollution cases.Adhar Sinha stressed the need to maintain proper pressure and water supply timings wherever there are scheduled power cuts and pumping was getting affected. The GMs should co-ordinate with CPDCL authorities to ensure that power cuts do not affect water supply. In order to overcome water pumping problems due to power cuts, a 24-hour dedicated feeder line has been requisitioned for the Moula Ali reservoir, he added.He also said that the reservoir at Vajpayeenagar in the Malkajgiri GHMC circle would be commissioned by the end of March and that would improve water supply to 15-20 localities in the circle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067326", "title": "I'll marry when the time is right: Sajid Khan", "text": "Director-actor Sajid Khan, who is known for speaking his mind, simply clams up the moment you ask him about his marriage plans.Refusing to budge from his stance, he replies: \"People don't get married just because they are expected to get married! They get married when the time is right! So, I'll marry when the time is right!\"This obviously means that all questions related to his alleged relationship with Sri Lankan beauty and latest B'town hottie Jacqueline Fernandez are out of bounds.Catfights? What's that?Time to veer towards safe horizons! Ask him how did he manage to keep catfights from taking place on the sets of his forthcoming film Housefull2, which has a bevy of Bollywood babes including Asin, Zarine Khan, Shazahn Padamsee and Jacqueline Fernandez, and Sajid replies: \"What catfights? On my sets, there's a lot of bonding happening among the boys as well as the girls.\"Vanity issuesKnown to catch the bull by its horns, Sajid admits that the concept of vanity van has bloated the vanity of many a star. But, he adds in the same breath: \"In my films, all the stars have their vanity vans, yet they are not vain. My film sets are an exception, where banter, laughter and bonhomie rule the roost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12063061", "title": "Sabita Indra Reddy orders inquiry into \u2018son\u2019s role\u2019 in land dispute", "text": "HYDERABAD: With allegations flying thick about her son's involvement in a land dispute case at Miyapur, home minister Sabita Indra Reddy has directed the Cyberabad police commissioner to conduct a through probe into the case.On Monday, Moinuddin, a realtor from Erragadda, lodged a complaint with assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Kukatpally, P V Padmaja, alleging that associates of his rivals, Narayan Rao, Vittal Reddy, Abdul Ghani and Vikrutam trespassed into his land (survey numbers 110, 111 of Madinaguda in Miyapur) and bulldozed a building.In the past, both the groups had approached the high court claiming ownership of the 1.08 acre land and the court directed them to maintain status quo.\"According to the complainant, about 30 people, associates of his rivals, entered the land and, using an earth mover, demolished a building. Based on the complaint, we have registered cases under sections 188 (Disobedience to an order lawfully promulgated by a public servant), 427 (Mischief and causing damage to a property) and 447 (Criminal trespass) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and began the probe. We are yet to identify the accused,\" the ACP said.Earlier during the day, several media channels began flashing news alleging the role of the home minister's son Karthik Reddy in the demolition of the building.In the wake of the allegations, the home minister directed Cyberabad commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao to conduct a thorough probe and take stringent action against the culprits.However, police said that in the complaint lodged by Moinuddin there was no mention of Karthik Reddy or his associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064783", "title": "Norway row: Talk tough, time for niceties over", "text": "The anger and outrage in the country at the delaying tactics adopted by the Norwegian authorities in the Indian children's case is entirely justified. The Norwegian attitude, especially after the personal intervention of our external affairs minister , is simply unacceptable. They have to be clearly told - and hopefully our special envoy Ganapathi will convey to his interlocutors - that our patience is running out and if they do not act swiftly, the matter will cast a shadow on our bilateral ties.This case also throws into sharp focus the difference in Indian and Norwegian, indeed European, approaches in matters relating to young children. The case relating to the Norwegian twins is instructive .A Norwegian woman came to India some years ago to commission a surrogate birth. She went to a fertility clinic which located a poor Indian woman who agreed to become a surrogate mother and she gave birth to blond male twins. The birth certificate mentioned the Norwegian woman as the mother. However , when she wanted to take the twins to Norway, she was informed by the Norwegian authorities that she could not do so as Norwegian law did not recognize such surrogate children as Norwegian nationals . The Norwegian woman persisted in her efforts and the case attracted media attention in Norway.Under pressure, the Norwegians tried to find a solution . They asked the Norwegian woman to take a DNA test so that her claim to be the biological mother could be verified. She refused to do so. It was therefore apparent that both the sperm and the ovum were of unknown origin. The Norwegians began to drag their feet and insisted that the twins would not be admitted into Norway.Under our laws, the twins could not be considered as Indian nationals. More importantly , from the very beginning , our focus was on the welfare of the twins. It was obvious that no one could look after them better than the Norwegian woman who had commissioned their surrogate birth. This could only be done in Norway for the Norwegian woman could not live here indefinitely. The Norwegians were informed of our views . They were very reluctant to move and kept citing their laws.Some solutions were suggested to the Norwegian side but they kept dragging their feet. Eventually our pressure worked and they were able to find a creative way to enable the twins to enter Norway. I do not know if the twins are now with the woman who had commissioned the surrogacy. I hope they are, for she had obviously yearned for children.Vivek Katju is a former secretary in the MEAThe case of the Indian children is one more proof of thinking in many parts of Europe that their views on how societies should function are always correct. This is ironic for currently there is greater intolerance in Europe towards minorities, immigrants and non-European cultural traditions than at any time after the Second World War. Right-wing political parties are doing well in elections in country after country. Mainstream and important political leaders, including Chancellor Merkel of Germany, are asserting that multiculturalism has failed in Europe. The message to immigrants is that they should take to the ways of the country of their adoption. Some decisions are truly bizarre such as the Swiss ban on the construction of minarets. And now they clearly feel that their way of bringing up children is the only right way. We should emphatically reject this notion and not accept any restrictions on contacts between the children and their parents at least in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12067471", "title": "Indians convicted of sexually abusing daughter-in-law", "text": "NEW YORK: A US court has convicted three members of an Indian family here on charges of sexually abusing their daughter-in-law who came to America after an arranged marriage and was threatened to work as a slave.Rockland County District Attorney Thomas Zugibe said Vishal Jagota, 34, his mother Parveen Jagota, 57 and sister Rajani Jagota, 31 were found guilty after a bench trial of labour trafficking and assault charges for using intimidation, threats and physical violence to force the young woman into a life of \"servitude and sexual abuse\".Parveen Jagota and Rajani Jagota face up to seven years in state prison when sentenced on May 22, 2012 before Judge William Nelson , while Vishal Jagota faces up to one year in the Rockland County jail.Assistant District Attorney Arthur Ferraro said the case marked the first indictments, trial and convictions under New York State's new Labour Trafficking Law.\"These convictions underscore our serious commitment to prosecuting those defendants who would prey on vulnerable - and in many cases young - victims,\" Zugibe said.\"Human trafficking is a violent and degrading crime that will not be tolerated.\"The victim, now 25-years-old, is an Indian citizen who was brought to the US five years ago after an arranged marriage with Vishal Jagota.The family used intimidation, physical and sexual abuse and manipulation to force the victim to work as a \"round-the-clock servant, performing a variety of household chores, cooking, child care and other tasks under threats of violence,\" according to court documents.When the victim, whose name was not revealed, threatened to contact authorities, the Jagotas vowed to concoct \"wild stories\", accusing her of committing various types of crime.On one occasion, the woman's mother-in-law and sister-in-law burned her hand with a hot iron in order to \"teach her a lesson\" for not washing the clothes properly.The victim was not allowed to receive medical treatment for the serious burns and was told to treat the open wound with \"toothpaste\".Vishal Jagota is also accused of biting the victim, causing permanent scarring on her cheek. The woman was forced to face her captors for nearly three years, from her arrival in the US in 2008 until September 2010, Zugibe added.The woman's father-in-law was accused of touching her sexually but was later acquitted. The Jagotas had also hidden the woman's green card, passport and other documents that restricted her movement and forced her to comply with her in-laws' demands, the documents said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12063507", "title": "New entry-exit routes at Swargate bus depot", "text": "PUNE: The ever busy Swargate chowk (Jedhe chowk) will witness some improvement in traffic congestion following the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation's (MSRTC) decision to introduce some changes in entry and exit of buses at Swargate terminus.MSRTC authorities on Monday said that the new changes will come in force from Tuesday. The changes would restrict plying of ST buses through Jedhe chowk by at least 50%, which would help in reducing traffic congestion.The decision was taken at a joint meeting of MSRTC officials and the traffic police department here on Monday. The changes will not be applicable for private and other vehicles.According to an MSRTC official, \"The Swargate terminus has two gates - one at Satara Road and another at Shankarsheth Road - which are being used for entry and exit of buses respectively. About 1,740 buses ply from Swargate terminus everyday. As per new changes, the gate on Shankarsheth Road will be used only for entry of buses. The gate on Satara Road will be used for both entry and exit.''Buses going to Mumbai will make an exit from Satara Road gate, take a right turn at Laxminarayan theater chowk and further travel up to Mitramandal chowk. The buses coming from Mumbai will go from Tilak Road up to Jedhe chowk and will enter the Swargate terminus from Satara Road gate. An official from the MSRTC said that it was decided in the meeting that all ST buses will be allowed to take a right turn at the Laxminarayan chowk.Buses going to Solapur and Baramati will exit from Satara Road gate and will travel up to Market Yard chowk and will further travel to Solapur Road via Gangadham chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12063696", "title": "Cong decides to sit in opposition", "text": "NAGPUR: Congress appears to have reconciled to the idea of remain in opposition in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). Party observer Rohidas Patil held a meeting with Congress leaders including city president Jaiprakash Gupta, leader of opposition Vikas Thakre, Lokmanch's Atal Bahadur Singh, Babbi Bawa and Dipak Patel at Devadia Congress Bhavan on Monday. Patil also addressed and felicitated the newly elected 41 corporators.Three women activists created ruckus and entered into scuffle with corporator and former chairman of Standing committee Abha Pande during the meeting.After the meeting, Gupta told media that party had decided to work as opposition in NMC. \"We have not succeeded in getting a majority due to various reasons. There is no point in trying for formation of government. We will still contest mayor and deputy mayor elections. The selection of leader of opposition group will be made before March 1. The members of standing committee will also be decided soon. This time there would be no delay or controversy as all is well inside the party. We will register with divisional commissioner as Nagpur Purogami Vikas Aghadi with 41 corporators on Tuesday,\" he said.Gupta explained defeat saying selection of candidates in some seats was not proper. \"NCP was given 29 seats and could not encash it. In two-member ward system, both candidates have to be strong and it did not happen in some seats. We were expecting over 55 seats but remained at 41,\" he said. Meanwhile, sources in Congress confirmed that Vikas Thakre was likely to be elected leader of opposition again.Kanta Parate, Chhaya Nimsarkar and Kalpana Fulbandhe entered Devadia Bhavan during the meeting and stopped Abha Pande, president of women's wing of Congress and abused her. Pande was even reportedly pushed by one of the women. Other leaders then intervened and pacified the women. Later, the three women started to shout at Patil who left the venue.Bijju Pande, Abha's husband and a Congress leader, told TOI he had lodged a complaint with Ganeshpeth police station against the three women. \"Meeting was organized for elected corporators. Still, they came and created ruckus. The ruckus created by these women has hurt the party image. (Former minister) Satish Chaturvedi is said to be behind this,\" he alleged.Gupta said City congress committee had already sent a proposal to MPCC for expelling these women. \"They are engaged in cheap publicity. Stringent action will be taken against them for violating the rules of the party. There is no rift within the party,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12064970", "title": "Despite govt support, Goa far from Chaka Chak", "text": "PANAJI: The capital city started a 'binless city' campaign almost a decade ago, and achieved success in door-to-door collection of garbage.Thanks to Corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP), the sight of overspilling garbage bins full of rotting wastes became a thing of the past. This is just one of a few initiatives, and the first in Goa, which produced replicable models for other civic bodies and panchayats to take up.But though the government has extended all financial assistance to them, local self-governing bodies have shown little interest in utilizing funds to control the garbage menace.With a population of 14 lakh and 26 lakh tourists (2010 figures), the wet waste is easily handled by households in the villages. It is a manageable problem in urban areas, but it is the non biodegradable garbage that has created a huge problem.Goa produces around 300 tonnes of garbage, but with municipal bodies and panchayat showing little interest in scientific garbage management, the problem has swelled into a worrisome one as the state's landscape is littered with floating garbage.Though a few civic bodies, including CCP, have initiated solid waste management programmes, the problem is also in coping with the huge outflow of non-biodegradable waste from tourism industry, shops and establishments and plastic-oriented packaging in a consumerist society. The ban on use of plastic carry bags above 40 microns also needs to be enforced, say activists.The lack of vision among grass root leaders has also led to the present situation. Though every village has to constitute a garbage management committee under the Goa non-biodegradable garbage control Act, 1996, not all have complied with it. The existing panels are inactive. The directorate of panchayats expressed helplessness in galvanizing committees at the panchayat level. \"We can bring panchayats together and sensitize them about the schemes, but the grassroot bodies have to carry them forward from there,\" an official said.Agrees K D Sadhale, coordinator for central Goa: \"They are more interested in awarding the contract to some private agency to lift the garbage on an annual basis.\" Moreover, the panchayat bodies are run by paid staff, who already have their work cut out.In the tourism sector, beach cleaning contracts are handed out to contractors annually, but it has proved to be a licence for them to gather and dump wastes them in nearby villages, point out activists. \"There are laws to impose penalties of up to .` 5,000 per offence under Goa non-biodegradable garbage (control) rules, 1997, but they are not being enforced,\" environmentalist Clinton Vaz said. Non enforcement of rules, coupled with continuing lack of infrastructure for garbage management all over Goa, is leading to proliferation of wayside dumps, causing an eyesore and disfiguring of the state's landscape in its nooks and corners. Most local self governing bodies do not enforce the rules, activists allege.Another positive development is the commissioning of a baling machine at CCP's sorting centre in Panaji to compress non-recyclable plastic from the city and send it to the furnaces of a cement factory, ACC, in Karnataka. The state's environment department had signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with the company a few months back for disposal of residual waste, such as plastic, thermacol, tyres and other waste items. \"Thirty-five tonnes of such wastes have already been dispatched to the factory,\" a CCP official said.Prompted by widespread criticism about the poor solid waste management, the government kicked off Goa Chaka Chak, a campaign to assist panchayat bodies to take up door-to-door garbage collection. But only a few bodies have started the programme, while others are either apathetic or are slowly initiating the process. Dumping of garbage has been termed unscientific and costly to the land and environment. But in the absence of segregation at source, garbage is being unscientifically dumped. \"Segregation of garbage is very important for easy disposal,\" says Patricia Pinto, state coordinator, Goa Chaka Chak.Another experiment of converting waste into a useful resource through anaerobic decomposition failed due to high content of animal waste, which clogged the digestion tanks of the machinery. But after Bombay high court at Goa issued some directives to local self-governing bodies, some of them have identified sites for garbage management.Around 2,000 composting units to treat wet waste have been set up at various levels, including individuals and housing colonies. \"All these best practices can be scaled up to have a larger coverage and reduce waste going to landfills and dump sites,\" says Vaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12064890", "title": "Northerly winds cooling down evenings", "text": "MUMBAI: The weather has been literally blowing hot and cold over the last few days. There is a huge variation between daytime and night temperatures, the difference at times more than 20 degrees.On Sunday for example, the minimum temperature recorded at Santa Cruz was around 16 degrees Celsius , but the maximum was close to 36 degrees Celsius.The gap reduced to 18 degrees on Monday and the MET department predicts the weather should stabilize before the March heat arrives.\"The city is being affected by northerly to north-easterly winds. The lower minimum temperatures can be attributed to them,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai. He said the northerly winds were cooling the city, but not making it cold.\"A western disturbance is still affecting the northern parts of the country, but it hasn't brought about a cold wave. So when winds blow from these regions, they bring about a cooling effect but not a chilling one,\" he said.On Monday, Colaba recorded a minimum temperature of 21 degrees Celsius, while the maximum was 32.1 degrees Celsius. Santa Cruz recorded a minimum of 17.2 degrees and maximum of 35.2 degrees Celsius . The weather department says the city's maximum temperatures are about 2-3 degrees above normal though minimum temperatures are near-normal .\"The temperatures will remain this way for a few more days until the month ends and the summer heat sets in. The minimum temperatures will depend upon the northerly winds. The western disturbances will hit the northern plains of the country, but will not affect city temperatures much,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12066355", "title": "Google+ users spend 3.3 minutes a month on site: Report", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google's US users averaged just 3.3 minutes on the site in January, down from the previous month and a fraction of the time Facebook's members devoted to its service, according to research firm ComScore Inc.The average amount of time spent on Google Inc.'s social network declined from 4.8 per minutes in December and 5.1 minutes in November, Reston, Virginia-based ComScore found. Facebook's users, meanwhile, were on its site for about 7 1/2 hours in January, up from about seven in December.Google unveiled the social-networking service last June, aiming to keep users on its site longer and boost ad revenue. The company said last month that Google+ had topped 90 million members, more than double the amount in October. Still, its user base is dwarfed by Facebook's 845 million-plus members.One area where Google is catching up is display advertising -- a market Facebook currently leads. By next year, Google will account for 19.8 per cent of the industry, generating $3.68 billion in ad sales, according to EMarketer Inc. Facebook will have 17.7 per cent, or $3.29 billion, the New York-based research firm estimates. Google, which has the world's most popular search engine and smartphone operating system, is benefiting from its ties to large advertisers, EMarketer said.Shares of Mountain View, California-based Google fell less than 1 per cent to $609.31 today. The stock has declined 5.7 per cent this year. Facebook, based in Menlo Park , California , filed earlier this month for an initial public offering. The company is seeking to raise $5 billion in the deal, making it the biggest Internet IPO on record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12065177", "title": "Post elections, international film fest to open on Mar 16", "text": "NAGPUR: The third edition of the International Film Festival organized by Nirzar Film Society will open in the city on March 16. The seven-day festival will see the screening of 32 films, with five shows each day at Smruti theatre, and will conclude on March 22.Ashish Kulkarni, vice-president of Nirzar, said on Monday, \"The festival is usually organized in February but this year we had to postpone it to mid-March due to NMC elections. Next year onwards we will stick to the original schedule.\"The festival will be inaugurated by Sachin Pilgaonkar. \"We will honour him for completing 50 years in cinema,\" said Kulkarni. The regional theme for this year is 'Banglar Gorbo-Bengal's Pride' and will feature six films in Bengali including two from Bangladesh.The other highlights of the event are Czech film 'Closely watched trains', 'Orange Girl' made in Norway, Swedish film 'Hugo and Josephine', Turkish film 'My only Sunshine' and Japanese film 'Seven Samurai'.The festival has been attracting viewers even from neighbouring districts of Chandrapur, Bhandara and Rajnandgaon. This makes it a good platform to premier Marathi films. Mukesh Khanna would be showing his maiden film 'Ardha Gangu Ardha Gondhya'.The festival is also targeting young viewers and hopes to promote the culture of appreciating good cinema. \"By making these films available, which would otherwise not be released in theatres, we want to evolve a culture of filmmaking to inspire viewers to write stories or even make films.\" Kulkarni said.A Short Film Contest for amateurs and professionals too is part of the festival. There will be three prizes of Rs 15,000, 10,000 and 5,000. The jury this year comprises of Ganesh Matkari, Rima Amrapurkar and Dhruv Bannerji. The last date for enrolling for this contest is March 10.Nirzar Film Society promotes an activity called 'My fest is best' in colleges, which encourages students to document events that take place on the campus. Sameer Nafde, festival director said, \"Such activities promote the culture of watching and even making short films among youth. So we are looking forward to many entries in this contest.\"What makes the festival unique is the open house held after a film is screened, where the filmmaker or an actor from the cast is also present. Nafde says he is hopeful that director Abbas Kiarostami of the Iranian film 'Where Is The Friends Home', would be able to attend one such interaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12062705", "title": "Tragic end for four in different mishaps", "text": "MADURAI: Two pilgrims from Andhra Pradesh were killed in a road accident near Madurai on Sunday. The two were among a group of 11 pilgrims from Andhra Pradesh and were on their way to Srirangam from Madurai in a van when the vehicle rammed into a stationary lorry, killing them on the spot.Police said that Pochaiah (59) of Ram Nagar in Hyderabad had along with 10 of his friends and relatives set out from Andhra Pradesh in a van on February 21. They visited several tourist and pilgrim towns including Kanyakumari and Rameswaram over the past few days and arrived in Madurai on Saturday night. On Sunday, they left Madurai and were heading towards Trichy to visit the Sri Ranganathaswamy temple at Srirangam.When the van was speeding near Kadampatti village, near Kottampatti on the Madurai - Trichy national highway in the wee hours of the day, it rammed into a stationary lorry. Police said that the front portion of the van was completely crushed in the impact of the accident.Pochaiah and Samudralal Mittal, who were seated in the front row of the van sustained multiple injuries and died on the spot. Five others, including the van driver Murugan (37) of Pykara in Madurai, Jayalakshmi (52), Venkataiah (60) and Vijayalakshmi suffered severe injuries and were rushed to the government hospital in Madurai. Police said that the doctors treating the victims have told them that the injured are out of danger.Meanwhile, at Batlagundu in Dindigul district, two daily wage labourers were buried under a mound of sand when they were involved in sand quarrying in the bed of river Maruthanathi. Police said that four persons including Rajkumar (32) and Dinakaran (19) of Poosaripatti near Batlagundu were involved in manually shifting sand from the bed to the bank. They were standing close to the mound when the sand slid over, burying all the four. Public in the neighbourhood rushed and removed the sand. However, the two had by the time suffocated to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062872", "title": "Centre paves way for 3rd Metro line", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior officials of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) have got a positive response from the Central government for the financial plan for the Rs 21,000 crore third Metro rail line.Government officials said the meeting in Delhi on Monday went smoothly, though the MMRDA was asked to think of ways to increase commuter traffic on the fully underground line which will stretch from Colaba-Bandra to Seepz.\"The Central government has given in-principle approval to the plan for the third line,\" said state government officials. According to the plan, the Japanese International Cooperation Agency will help out with 50% of the debt. The Central and state governments will have an equity stake of 30%, with the Centre taking 14% equity. The rest will be subordinate debt from other sources.The third line of the Metro will be the most important of the total nine lines due to come up in the city. The third Metro line has been under discussion for the last few years, but it was only during the last six months that the plans got some definite shape, with a decision being taken to make it fully underground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12064546", "title": "Now, a clash of the titans", "text": "MARGAO: In view of the recent attack on his supporters in Navelim, PWD minister Churchill Alemao alleged that chief minister Digambar Kamat was protecting the people responsible for the attacks.While addressing mediapersons on Monday, a visibly-agitated Alemao alleged that two of his supporters were assaulted recently and that Kamat (Margao's MLA) was shielding the accused and alleged that the Margao police were thus handling the case leniently.Responding to queries, Alemao said that in his opinion Kamat was working against him (because of the assault on his supporters) and added that currently, he shared strained relations with the CM.When asked how he as a Congressman was criticising the law and order situation, Alemao said that he was just a minister in the government and added that some people from the Congress and the 'communal' BJP have formed a 'mixed bhaji' where a lot of 'fixing' was going on.\"On Sunday, Ahmed Ali Muzawar was badly beaten up because he had organized a rally on my behalf earlier,\" said Alemao, while alleging that the Margao Police had treated the matter as a 'simple case'.Alemao further demanded that that an inquiry be set up while his election agent Advocate Mike Mehta questioned why the police were not taking preventive measures to ensure that such steps were being repeated, and alleged that in his presence the Margao Police were trying to scuttle the caseAlemao further lashed out at the police for visiting the residence of the parish priest of St Francis Xavier Church in Velim so late at night and condemned the decision of the police to book the priest for attempt to murder.\"Why arrest the priest? What is the reason?\" yelled Alemao while sympathizing with the police who were beaten up. However, the PWD minister said, \"If they can book the priest for attempt to murder why are they not booking those who hit my supporters for the same attempt to murder\".Kamat, when contacted for his reactions, dismissed the outbursts as 'baseless allegations'. \"How can I do such a thing? If at all there was a clash between supporters it must have been over some personal issues. I have nothing to do with that. I have never indulged in such things. Our way of working has always been clean,\" Kamat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062913", "title": "RInfra users may face hike in power tariff", "text": "MUMBAI: RInfra consumers may face a hike in power tariff this year. Ahead of the announcement of the annual rise in tariff, which is likely in April, MERC on Monday allowed RInfra to recover around Rs 222 crore from consumers as a revenue gap of the past year.RInfra had urged MERC for approval of recovering around Rs 693 crore, which is the difference between the revenue earned and the actual revenue required in 2010-11, from users. After a review, MERC gave the nod for around Rs 222 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062766", "title": "CBI to probe whether senior cops shielded IG", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Monday directed the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to probe allegations that six high-ranking police officers shielded special inspector-general (protection of civil rights) K L Bishnoi, who is accused of examination malpractice.Bishnoi was marked 'present' for a practical exam he didn't appear for in the final-year LLB course at Siddharth Law College on March 12, 2005. Bishnoi was then the additional commissioner of police, Economic Offences Wing.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode was hearing a petition filed by Chitra Salunkhe, then vice-principal and in-charge of the viva exams. A complaint was registered with the Azad Maidan police, who said that principal Ashok Inamdar took Bishnoi's exams after the latter requested him to do so because he (Bishnoi) was to go out of Mumbai.Salunkhe's petition stated that she was subsequently harassed at Bishnoi's behest as he took personal interest in a complaint filed by Inamdar about her allegedly fake BA degree certificate. Mumbai university later withdrew her bachelor's and master's degrees in law and the college dismissed her.Salunkhe impleaded six senior police officers, including Rakesh Maria , Naval Bajaj, Brijesh Singh, Vishwas Nangre Patil, Sanjay Saxena and Mohan Rathod. The judges observed that it has been more than two years after Salunkhe's statement was recorded, yet no inquiry has been conducted.They added that although judicial inquiry was conducted, it did not pertain to the alleged incident of her detention for 12 hours even though she had anticipatory bail.Observing that Salunkhe belongs to a scheduled caste, the judges said the purpose of the SC/ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act would be defeated if no action is initiated into the allegations. They directed the CBI to probe the matter and report after three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chimbel", "code": "12064581", "title": "Victory will be mine: Tarcar taunts Congress government", "text": "CHIMBEL: Goddess Sateri Maya, at her temple in Kirlawada, Chimbel, had an unusually grand 27th anniversary celebration on Monday. She had a high-profile visitor-Dinar Tarcar, officially the richest candidate contesting the general assembly elections in Goa from St Cruz constituency.Long before Tarcar arrived for his scheduled campaigning, a string of tiny green bulbs lined the narrow lane that leads to the goddess' abode. A pair of drums took their rightful place beside the temple's compound wall. Speakers in a van parked nearby played a Konkani song to the tune of 'Feliz Navidad' reminding Kirlawada residents of promises the Congress government failed to keep.A handful of local devotees of the goddess shifted weight from one leg to another as their wait for Tarcar had been extended by half-an-hour. Tarcar made the much-awaited appearance when twilight had painted the roofs of the houses orange in the temple lane.His presence was unmistakable. Dressed in crisp, white khadi shirt and trousers, at over six-feet Tarcar towered higher than the stunted residences on the lane, mainly belonging to those from economically backward sections.Before Tarcar could cover the few kilometers to the temple, a buzzing crowd of over 100 was trailing him. With a flashing smile, Tarcar approached each one who pushed his or her way towards him. \"You remember what has to be done right?\" the businessman reminded a lady who coyly greeted him inside the temple.\"I always work hard in whatever I do,\" Tarcar said, brushing aside a query from TOI on his loss in the Panaji constituency during the last general assembly elections.Standing before the deity with folded hands, Tarcar asked the priest incharge to pray for a sweeping win for him. A woman squatting outside the temple with flowers on sale shouted out her support to the Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party candidate. \"You need not worry. You and only you will be elected.\"A couple of young men took the spirits to a high note beating the drums to pro-MGP and Bharatiya Janata Party slogans.When handed the microphone, Tarcar knew that despite the overwhelming show of support he had to give his best shot. \"MGP's symbol lion is going to swallow the Congress hand,\" Tarcar said to loud cheers from the crowd.\"I am overwhelmed with your support. Dinar Tarcar will never betray this trust,\" he said, to slogans hailing the candidate.Tarcar assured his supporters, \"Dinar Tarcar will be your MLA and Manohar Parrikar of BJP the chief minister.\" Lightening the mood and picking on the opposition, Tarcar said, \"While releasing the Congress manifesto, their leaders said that they will build a bridge at Neura. One journalist reminded them that Neura does not have any water bodies. So the chief minister Digamber Kamat said that 'there must be a river somewhere there near Neura'. This is Congress for you.\"Former sarpanches in the area speaking at the meeting kept pointing at 'the lack of development in the locality during the last decade of Congress rule.' \"Let us pledge to elect Dinarbab at the feet of goddess Sateri,\" one of the speakers said, prompting the crowd to raise their hands in support.Tarcar took the cue and paid his respects to the deity with folded hands and consolidated his promises made to her devotees before his campaign trailed to another part of St Cruz. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12062545", "title": "Medical reports of victim contradictory", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a case of \"illegal detention and torture\" of a 29-year-old man by the local police, the victima's medical report compiled by a board of doctors of Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16, has confirmed injuries on his private and other body parts.A court here on Monday admitted the complaint filed against the police.The medical report of Sikander Sharma, a resident of Dadumajra village, here, was submitted in the court. However, police, too, submitted their contradictory medical report which was prepared on Saturday when Sikander was released from their custody. \"We have submitted the report in the court. It confirms injury marks on Sikandera's private parts, ankle andelbow. Now, evidence process will start on April 23,\" Arvind Thakur , the victima's lawyer, told TOI. \"We have also filed a separate complaint with National Human Rights Commission ( NHRC) and its date of hearing is on March 22,\" Thakur added.Sikander had approached the district courts, Sector 17, on Sunday alleging illegal detention and torture by Chandigarh Police. The court had directed Government Multi-speciality Hospital to conduct his medical examination. However, senior police officers are yet to act against the involved cops. Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of police, said,\"I have not received the papers of the complaint. I am yet to go through the case. Action will be taken if anyone is found guilty.\" The victim has named four cops, including station house officer of Sector 39 Charanjit Singh Virk, in his complaint filed in the court. Virk, however, said the complaint holds no water as the complainant has a criminal background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12062709", "title": "Eight die in road accident near Tirunelveli", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: In a tragic accident, eight persons of a family, including two children, were killed in a road accident when the car in which they were travelling collided with a lorry near Alangulam near Tenkasi in Tirunelveli district, on Sunday afternoon.Police said the eight deceased were returning from Tirunelveli after attending a family function. Only one person from the car managed to escape while the lorry driver also escaped, albeit with severe injuries.The deceased were identified as Arumuga Kalanjiam (55), wife of Ulaganathan of Seevanallur, Jayakumari (37), wife of Kalimuthu of Sivagiri, her daughter Gayathri (13), son Harish (10), their relative G Ammayappar (44) of Melagramam, his son Gowtham (9), daughter Selvi (20) and car driver A Bala (32) of Tenkasi. M Kalimuthu (44) and lorry driver M Velmurugan (37) of Keelaputhaneri in Tirunelveli district have been admitted in the Tirunelveli Medical College Hospital with severe injuries.Police said the families of Ammayappar, working as a senior officer in a wind power generation company, and Kalimuthu, a teacher in a private school had visited Tirunelveli along with their families to participate in the 'valaikappu,' (baby shower) of Jayakumari's sister-in-law. After attending the ceremony, they were returning in the hired car to Tenkasi on Sunday afternoon.When the car neared Alangulam, about 25 km from Tirunelveli, a speeding lorry coming in the opposite direction, rammed into the car. The car was mangled beyond recognition and the inmates were trapped inside. Motorists who passed by the way were shocked at the ghastly accident and immediately informed the ambulance and police officials.However, by the time the ambulance reached the spot, seven of the passengers of the car were found crushed to death on the spot. The health staff rescued Kalimuthu and Harish from the car and rushed them to the government hospital in Tirunelveli. However, Harish succumbed to his injuries on the way while Kalimuthu was admitted with severe injuries all over his body.Police said that they are yet to ascertain what led to the accident. \"There were no eyewitnesses to the accident. Few motorists had crossed by the way only moments after the accident occurred,\" a police officer said.The accident had caused disruption of traffic on the Tirunelveli - Tenkasi Road for nearly an hour until the vehicles were removed to the roadside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12063445", "title": "Dara encounter case: Additional DGP surrenders in court after 9 months\u2019 hiding", "text": "JAIPUR: Suspended additional director general of police of Rajasthan Arvind Kumar Jain surrendered in a special CBI court Monday afternoon after evading the law for nine months. CBI's investigating officer was not present in court. He was remanded in one-day judicial custody in the fake encounter of Dara Singh, a liquor smuggler. He will be produced in court on Tuesday.A visibly shaken Jain (59) walked into the court of Judge Mahendra Singhal at the district and sessions court amid heavy security around 4 pm. He had a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh on his head. There were rumours since morning that Jain would surrender. A large police contingent was deployed around the court.At the court, the 1978-batch IPS officer filed three applications through his counsel S S Hora seeking home-cooked food, security in jail and medical facilities.CBI's special public prosecutor Sarfaraz Haider Khan said the court granted Jain all the three requests. \"In the absence of CBI investigating officer Santosh Kumar, the court sent him to judicial custody till Tuesday. We will file an application seeking Jain's CBI custody on Tuesday,\" said Khan.Jain is accused of supervising a fake encounter of Dara Singh on the outskirts of Jaipur on October 23, 2006. He was head of Rajasthan's special operations group (SOG). He was called to the CBI office last May along with another accused officer, inspector-general A Ponnuchami.Ponnuchami reported at the office and was arrested, but Jain went into hiding. The CBI filed a chargesheet against 15 policemen in the case. Former minister and BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore is also an accused in the case. Investigation against him is pending though.In his application filed in court, Jain said he was wrongly implicated in this case and was innocent.\"He (Jain) also claimed he had never absconded and had presented himself before the CBI. He said he was seeking taking legal remedies. He also said he was innocent and was wrongly implicated in the case,\" a court official said while quoting Jain's application.Jain said he was supposed to surrender in court on November 1 last year, but failed to due to ill health. \"He has also submitted that on January 27 he was seriously injured in an accident. He had suffered serious head injuries and had a brain surgery at the SMS hospital on April 7, 2011, Jain said in his application.\"There are dreaded inmates lodged at the Central jail. So, I request a special separate cell equipped with security,\" Jain said in his application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066680", "title": "HC rejects ex-minister's plea for security cover", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The high court has dismissed the writ petition filed by former state higher education minister Rakesh Dhar Tripathi seeking restoration of Y category security.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice Manoj Misra. Dismissing the petition, the court said Y category security involves extraordinary financial burden on the state government. The state funds collected by imposing taxes from the citizens and meant for the development and security of people and are not the property of any individual to be claimed as a matter of right.Court further held that there was no any provision that before withdrawal of Y category security the person concerned has to be given an opportunity of hearing and further that before taking any decision of withdrawal , the threat perception should be assessed by the state government.Tripathi was provided Y category security on February 3, 2008, but it was withdrawn on December 25 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12064709", "title": "Calangute: Capitalizing on anti-Agnelo camps", "text": "PANAJI: Calangute constituency will witness a poll battle on March 3 largely bereft of party ideologies, with political opponents preparing to settle personal scores.Post the delimitation exercise, the constituency lost the villages of Nerul, Pilerne, Verem and Reis Magos to Saligao constituency and gained the villages of Parra, Nagoa and Arpora. Given that incumbent Congress MLA Agnelo Fernandes lost around 10,000 votes in Verem and Reis Magos in the 2007 poll, one would think he would be in a better position to retain his MLA-ship this time around.But, the BJP has cashed in on the anti-Agnelo camps within the constituency and consolidated them into a single force under its banner. Besides this, the villages of Arpora and Parra are represented by a BJP zilla panchayat member, Michael Lobo, who has also been given the saffron ticket to contest the assembly elections.Lobo, who is also president of the BJP's Calangute block, has gained the support of Fernandes' friend-turned-foe Joseph Sequeira and Calangute zilla panchayat member Anthony Menezes.The 'Joseph-Agnelo story' has become part of Calangute's folklore. Both friends had joined hands to take on rival Suresh Parulekar over a decade ago. But the friendship turned sour after alleged promises remained unfulfilled.In this predominantly Catholic-dominated constituency, Lobo has been assuring people that the \"BJP has no communal agenda\" to bring out policies to target the community, while Fernandes is banking on the people's mistrust of the BJP to see him through.The other candidates in the fray are Jose Paul Silveira, a water sports operator from Sinquerim, and Ashley Gomes, a racing enthusiast and businessman from Calangute.On issues such as the medium-of-instruction, parents are confused. Lobo has been telling voters that the issue is presently being heard in the high court, and the BJP will go as per the court decision. Manohar Parrikar's promises of a 'Plan 2' to take everybody into consideration is also being factored in.It will not be smooth-sailing to the assembly for Fernandes, and Lobo says anti-incumbency will help him win the election. \"People are fed-up. He (Fernandes) has been given two terms and areas, especially the beach belt, are littered with garbage. The beaches also have no toilets and changing rooms and are stinking. The roads are affected by congestion, there is lack of parking. This is not quality tourism that we have been offering to tourists,\" Lobo said.On the other hand, Fernandes said he has renovated and built the new Baga bridge, given Calangute a fire station and has floated tenders for a sewage treatment plant. \"There is no anti-incumbency. It is only my political opponents who have ganged up together to fight me in this election,\" Fernandes said. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12063530", "title": "Rs 3 crore damages petty for ship owners: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Monday observed that the compensation of Rs 3 crore sought by the families of the two fishermen killed by naval guards of Italian tanker Enrica Lexie was a 'petty' amount for the ship owners even as the detention of the vessel was extended till 5 pm tomorrow.A division bench comprising justices Ram Kumar and K Harilal in their oral observations said the compensation claimed by the relatives of Jelestine and Ajesh Binki was a petty amount for the ship owners. The vessel was covered by valid insurance.When the counsel representing the ship owners, attempted to say that the bank guarantee obtained by the court was sufficient, the bench asked how can it be a sufficient amount? While Jelestine's widow Doramma had sought Rs one crore compensation, Binki's teenaged sisters had sought Rs 2 crore. The court had earlier directed the ship owners to remit a bank guarantee of Rs 25 lakh each.Meanwhile, Freddy, owner of St Antony, the fishing boat on board which the fishermen were killed, on Monday moved the court seeking Rs 75 lakh as compensation from the ship's owners, claiming his craft suffered extensive damage in the firing by the guards on February 15 off Kollam coast. The court directed the ship owners to furnish a bank guarantee of Rs 10 lakh in the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12068396", "title": "Norway kids row: Family members meet Krishna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Family members of the two Indian children lodged in a foster home in Norway today met External Affairs Minister S M Krishna, who assured them that the children would be brought home at any cost.\"We are committed and determined that we will bring back the children home at any cost,\" CPI(M) MP Brinda Karat , who accompanied the grandparents of the children to the meeting, quoted Krishna as saying.Talking to reporters, the kids' grandfather Manatosh Chakraborty said they were satisfied with their meeting and hoped some \"positive\" results will emerge.This is the first time that the government has sent a special envoy abroad in connection with such type of cases and \"we feel optimistic\", he added.During the interaction, the Minister informed that talks held between the special envoy Secretary (West) Madhusudhan Ganapathi and Norwegian authorities has been \"constructive\", Karat said.When asked about problems that could arise in event of extension of visa, Karat said they should wait till the envoy returns back to get the details on all this and other related issues.She said the parents have appealed to the higher court there against the judgement of the lower court which has ruled the children are to be in Norway till they are 18.\"So in appeal against that, we want to make sure the child protection services there come to an agreement,\" she said.Norwegian child welfare officials have accused NRI couple Sagarika and Anurup Bhattacharya of negligence and placed their children, one-year-old Aishwarya and three-year-old Abhigyan in foster care in May last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12064113", "title": "NCPCR team in state to take stock of child labour menace", "text": "JAIPUR: A team from the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) is currently visiting the state capital for investigating into problem of child labour in mines and brick kilns. The team would also travel to Udaipur for inspecting schools and Anganwadi centres. The NCPCR visit comes after TOI had on February 9 reported that women labourers give opium to infants to keep them quiet while working. The report, based on a study by Voluntary Association of Agriculture General Development, Health and Reconstruction Alliance and Plan India, claimed that women working in mining or stone crushing units often give opium to their infants to keep them quiet while they are working.\"Many women bring their infants to the work site if they have no other childcare arrangement. It is not uncommon for mothers to give their infants opium to keep them quiet while they are working. Thus, addiction starts early and becomes a way of life,\" the report said. The report also claimed that in the mining or stone sector, children start working at the age of 10-12 years, before that they are just not strong enough to carry heavy loads. Initially, they work as helpers, removing scrap and rubble, and gradually learn the tasks of making holes, and breaking and removing big slabs and rocks. Dr Yogesh Dube, member, NCPCR, is in the state for verification of problems faced by children in mines, brick kilns and stone crushing units.Dr Dube will be meeting NGO representatives working on child labour in mines, brick kilns. During the visit, he will also be inspecting schools, Anganwadi centres and observation homes in the district of Udaipur.On February 28, he is slated to meet the labour secretary, mines, education, home, health, and family welfare and discussing the situation of child labour. \"We are conducting a field visit to check the problem of child labour in mines, brick kilns and stone crushing units. We will be taking necessary action to correct the situation following the visit,'' said Dr Dube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064917", "title": "St Stephen\u2019s employee alleges harassment", "text": "NEW DELHI: A female employee who is on the non-teaching staff at St Stephen's College has approached the Delhi high court alleging victimization at the hands of the principal Valson Thampu.On Monday Justice Siddharth Mridul granted a protective order in her favour and asked the college authorities to maintain status quo in a case where the college has taken action against her.The woman alleges that she was sexually harassed by one of her superiors in the college after which she lodged a complaint with Delhi University. DU referred the complaint to the Apex Complaints Committee for sexual harassment which recommended that action should be taken against the accused staffer.In her petition, the woman informed HC that Thampu chose to ignore recommendations made by the committee and instead ''persuaded the governing body of the college to completely ignore any penalty recommended.\" According to the petitioner , when she raised the issue with Thampu, he passed strictures against her for her conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062917", "title": "Murder victim wanted share of daughter's earning: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Film producer\" Krishnanshu Mak alias Sharma, arrested for murdering a terminally ill woman at his Andheri (W) flat on Wednesday, was angry with the victim as she had been pressuring him to share the money he earned by forcing her daughter into prostitution, the police said.Last Wednesday, Sharma stabbed Sunita Singh to death. On Saturday, with the help of her daughter and his driver, he dumped the body in a slum at Versova. The three have been sent to police custody till March 7.The daughter told the police that she was did not know that her mother had been killed and unaware, assisted Sharma. She said Sharma had promised to get her modelling assignments but forced her into prostitution.Sharma owns two flats at Lokhandwala-at Neptune Towers where he stayed and Mohit Heights, from where he ran a prostitution racket, cops said. He let Sunita, an AIDS patient, to shift into his Mohit Heights flat, where the crime was committed. \"Sharma was also upset with Sunita as he wanted to vacate the flat,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12063771", "title": "Energy security, efficient use of fuel in focus at meet", "text": "NASHIK: To create awareness among entrepreneurs regarding energy and fuel saving, the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) organized a seminar on Petroleum Conservation Research Association (PCRA) at the industrial expo, 'NIMA Index: 2012', organized by NIMA at Dongare Hostel grounds.Addressing the gathering, Mukesh Mihir, joint director, PCRA, stressed upon the need for saving fuel and energy conservation. He said, \"Not only India, but the whole world is facing problems regarding fuel. In India, the reservoirs of fuels are very less but the usage is very large, and this is affecting the environment. We have reservoirs of fuels that will get utilized in the next 20.7 years.\"\"India, unfortunately, has very little oil and gas of its own. Barely 0.6% of the worldwide resources of oil and gas are in India. Hence, we depend greatly on what we get from other oil-rich nations. Almost 73% of our oil requirement is imported at a very high cost. And with oil becoming more and more scarce and difficult to trace all over the world, it is not only very expensive for our country to buy it but also risky as far as arranging supplies is concerned. Hence, the nation's energy security is at risk. Thousands of litres of fuel can be saved if one shows accountability and save every single drop,\" Mihir added.India consumes 50% of petroleum products in the transport sector. Hence, the increase in the number of vehicles has undoubtedly led to increase in the consumption of oil and gas, since almost all motorized vehicles run on oil and gas.Mihir explained that fuel efficiency, per se , in the transport sector, means technological advancements in vehicle engine technology. But unless engines are not run efficiently, fuel consumption will be high and the amount of carbon dioxide emitted into the environment will be high. He added that efficient engine technology and good driving habits therefore go hand in hand and can never be mutually exclusive.Change in driving habits, particularly in India, offers a scope of 20% saving potential. It is therefore extremely critical for each citizen to aggressively adhere to efficient utilization of petrol, diesel, CNG in transport sector, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066686", "title": "Radhakrishnan hostel inaugurated", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad University vice-chancellor Prof Anil Kumar Singh inaugurated the second phase of Dr S Radhakrishnan hostel on Monday. This will provide accommodation to many students who fail to get rooms in wake of shortage of hostels in AU.Inaugurating the second phase, that has 120 single seated rooms, Prof Singh told the students not to consider their room as a 100 square feet of space but rather a place for tutorial. He assured students that university will provide facilities like library, internet etc. in the hostels. The V-C said, \"It pains me to see that students coming from outside do not get accommodation in hostels. It should be our efforts to see that AU constructs more hostels so that that there is zero per cent waitlist and 100% occupancy.\" Lot has to be done in revamping the amenities in hostels and the issue would be catered on high priority, he added.The first phase of Dr S Radha Krishnan hostel was inaugurated by Prof Rajen Harshe. Constructed by the CPWD, the first phase of the hostel had 102 single seated and 26 double seated rooms, inmates of which have been provided with all the modern facilities including furniture and other basic needs. Besides, it has a huge dinning area having seating capacity of over 150 inmates. The store room, kitchen and accommodation for the Maharaj (cook) would also be provided at the same floor. Likewise, the first floor has facilities like common room with TV, a room for chess, a separate room for computers etc. Second and third floors would entirely be that of residential units of the inmates having 102 single and 26 double seated rooms. AU has provided furniture including cot, cupboard, fan, tubelight, chair, etc for every student apart from providing internet connection in every room.Among those present at the inauguration included dean student welfare Prof RK Singh, chief proctor Prof Mata Ambar Tiwari, hostel warden Prof JA Ansari, University Engineer Naveen Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12063569", "title": "Park Street guilty will be punished: CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday said her comment on the Park Street rape was \"misinterpreted\" and that the accused would be punished. However, she also claimed that the Falta incident - in which a schoolgirl was allegedly held hostage and gangraped for 10 days - was \"planted\".The CM's hasty remark that the Park Street rape charge was \"fabricated\" had drawn sharp criticism. After nearly two weeks of silence, she came out with an explanation on Monday, but only to justify her comment. She said that she was referring to the fact that molestation had taken place and those accused in the FIR were not involved. \"Now it is in court... I would want the guilty to be punished,\" she told a private news channel.The CM said she is still puzzled why the complaint was made five days after the incident. \"It is known that a medical test needs to be conducted within 72 hours. Moreover, she kept insisting even after being shown the photographs of the (wrongly) accused that it was they who'd perpetrated the crime,\" she said. The CM, however, chose to remain silent when asked if Farooq Halim (son of CPM leader Hasim Abdul Halim) should have taken the victim to police immediately. \"He may be a friend of the victim,\" was all she said.Mamata also had a different take on the Falta rape case in which the father of the victim had said police refuse to take his complaint until he went to court. \"A CPM leader had gone to the victim's home and urged her father to lodge a rape complaint. The police are investigating the case.\"Defended the police strongly, the CM said, \"Is it possible for them to keep tabs on what happens in nightclubs, unless they are informed? It is they who unearthed the truth (in the Park Street case).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12068246", "title": "Mohit Malik gets into his character", "text": "Mohit Malik who was last seen in Surya - The Cop is now seen in Siddharth Tewary's Phulwa as Dr. Arjun. This talented and good looking actor seems to be in a state of happy being with his character.Ask him about the role and if he is getting some reviews and he says, \"The feedback has been outstanding. The role is superb. It has been written really well. I have taken up a different look, played a little with my hair style and I'm keeping a base in my voice. All this because the character is unpredictable. It creates a lot of mystery which the audiences like. People are calling me and appreciating my work.And, I'm happy to be the part of Phulwa, it is quite a popular show. My fans are happy with my performance. I have got into the skin of my character. I relate to the character and its dimensions are really good.\" This talented actor also acknowledges the production house for being exceptionally good and well-defined about each and every character. Undoubtedly, it is a new trend amongst the actors on small screen to go an extra edgy to get into the role with all-what-it-takes. And, Mohit Malik too has joined the race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067566", "title": "Charan watches Hrithik's moves carefully", "text": "The young Mega-Star is quite apprehensive about his upcoming Bollywood project, feels Tollywood. To ease out his tensions Charan is said to be watching Hrithik carefully.Well here goes the link between Hrithik and Charan's Bollywood debut. To add spice to the project, Bollywood hunk Sanjay Dutt is said to be playing the role of villain in the remake of 'Zanjeer', in which RamCharan is going for his Hindi debut.After looking at the villainous potential of Sanju in 'Agneepath' one can analyze how difficult it is to match his multitalented feat.However, Hrithik outplayed him in the movie with his tug-of-war performance, winning accolades from critics. Now, it is the duty of Charan to do the same and hence he is watching Hrithik's moves from 'Agneepath' carefully, a source revealed.Well, young mega star excelled to a max straight in his second movie and this wouldn't be a difficult game, fans opined. Watch this space for more interesting updates.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067500", "title": "Dhanush\u2019s dad refuses to direct him", "text": "Dhanush's father filmmaker Kasthooriraja feels his son has reached a stage where he is not in a position to allot dates for him.Director Kasthooriraja introduced his son Dhanush to the Tamil film industry through Thulluvadho Ilamai. Since then, Dhanush has acted in a number of films and they mainly comprise of the ones directed by his elder brother Selvaraghavan.When Kasthooriraja was recently questioned about wielding the megaphone again and if he would consider as his son as a hero, the director said that he will not direct Dhanush hereafter.The proud father said that he is happy to see his son's progress in the film industry all these years. Kasthooriraja furthered that Dhanush has reached a stage where he is not in a position to allot dates for him. It may be mentioned here that Kasthooriraja is producing Aishwarya Dhanush's 3 which has Dhanush and Shruti Haasan in the lead.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "fatehgarh sahib", "code": "12064044", "title": "Vehicle thefts: Six cops grilled", "text": "FATEHGARH SAHIB: Suspecting a cop connection to a robbers' gang, the Sirhind Crime Investigation Agency (CIA) grilled six policemen from Amritsar on Monday.Busted by the agency some days ago, the gang members during interrogation had reportedly disclosed the names of cops, who had allegedly helped them escape , on a number of occasions.CIA incharge Vikramjit Brar said that he along with his team had questioned six policemen, including inspector Inderjit Singh, ASIs Harjinder Singh and Vipin Kumar and head constables Rajinder Kumar and Jaiveer Singh and constable Kulwant Singh, all from Amritsar, in connection with the arrest of the Fortuner gang members on February 23. The gang acquired its name as it specially targeted swanky SUVs.\"The accused have disclosed that they paid bribe to some policemen in the year 2010 to escape arrest in vehicle theft cases. We could not include the names of cops only on the basis of their statement as they may be trying to settle their old scores with cops. We have recorded statements of policemen and conducting further probe,\" said Brar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12067022", "title": "With major trade unions backing strike, life to be hit", "text": "MANGALORE: Normal life in the city is likely to be affected if buses and autorickshaws stay off the road on Tuesday in support of the all India strike call given by various trade unions.Trade unions including CITU, BMS, INTUC, INTUC, HMS, unions of banks, LIC, posts and BSNL in Dakshina Kannada district have already extended their support to the nationwide strike in the district.Joint Committee of Trade Unions district convener B Madhava told TOI that employees in banks, LIC, posts belonging to various trade unions will take part in the protest.In addition, autorickshaw and bus drivers of all trade unions, too, have extended their support, he added.Dakshina Kannada Bus Owners Association president Jayaram Sheka said that they have not taken any decision regarding the strike. \"Buses will remain off the road if workers do not come,\" he added.People, especially students in the district, are likely to suffer most as bus and autorickshaw workers' unions too have announced their support to the strike. Meanwhile, the government has not declared a holiday. Deputy director public instructions Moses Jayashekhar said the department has not received any circular to declare a holiday on Tuesday.The strikers have a long list of demands.Among them, they want the government to take measures to contain inflation, provide universal social security cover for workers in the vast unorganized labour sector, and to stop selling stakes in state-run companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063828", "title": "Rs 11K crore VAT due on 424 firms in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As many as 424 companies in the state are yet to pay value added tax (VAT) and sales tax dues worth Rs 1 crore each to the state, taking the total amount pending by these firms to Rs 11,671.45 crore, informed state finance minister Vajubhai Vala to the state assembly on Monday. The companies with pending VAT and sales tax dues include big names like Essar, Reliance Industries , Adani Enterprises, Oil and Natural Gas Company, Gas Authority of India and Biotor Industries among others, Vala said while replying to a question by Jetpur-Pavi MLA Mohansinh Rathwa.The government also revealed that Essar Oil has not paid Rs 8,289.72 crore, while Reliance Industries' Jamnagar unit had dues worth Rs 889 crore, while replying to a question by Porbandar MLA Arjun Modhwadia.Adani Enterprises also owes Rs 39.60 crore to the state government in taxes.Vala, in reply to another question, stated that even the central government-owned companies had huge pending tax dues. Oil and Natural Gas Company's Vadodara refinery has not paid Rs 423 crore, while its unit in Surat owes Rs 252.65 crore as VAT dues.Vadodara's Biotor Industries is yet to pay dues of Rs 854.51 crore.Even state-owned company Gujarat State Fertilizers and Chemical Limited ( GSFC ) has not paid Rs 2.15 crore yet. According to the data, 32 industries had VAT dues worth Rs 10 crore each, while seven units had dues worth Rs 100 crore each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12064041", "title": "Quota case: SC stays HC order", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government was saved from an embarrassment on Monday when the Supreme Court stayed the Rajasthan High Court's last week order wherein the state's two top bureaucrats were held guilty of \"willful contempt of the court\" in the quota in promotions case.The high court was to award punishment to chief secretary Salauddin Ahmed and principal secretary (personnel) Khemraj in the afternoon. However, in the morning, the apex court stayed the high court's proceedings till March 20. At the same time, the top court also stayed execution of the notification issued on September 11, 2011 that the state government had been citing as compliance of the high court order of February 5, 2010, which led to the contempt proceedings.After this, the high court also deferred hearing in the matter till March 26 and directed the state government to submit before it the apex court's stay order of Monday on oath by then.The case pertains to the legal dispute on the quota in promotions constitutionally allowed to state government employees belonging to the Scheduled Castes (SC) and the Scheduled Tribes (ST). Even as the non-reserved categories employees, including those from the Other Backward Classes (OBC) category, opposed the quota alleging that the apex court guidelines were not adhered to, in doing so, the state government reasoned how it has now fulfilled all the legal requirements in granting the benefit to the SC/ST employees.A division bench of Justice NK Jain and Justice RS Rathore, however, rejected the state government's plea that it has abided by the high court order of February 2010 by gathering the quantifiable data through the Bhatnagar committee to support the quota for SC/ST employees and, thereafter, issuing the notification of September 11, 2011. The Samata Andolan Samiti, one Bajrang Lal Sharma and others, on other hand, moved contempt petition and alleged that the government attempted to \"overreach\" the February 2010 judgment by forming the Bhatnagar committee and issuing the notification that would protect the \"illegally promoted\" SC/ST employees. The Samiti reasoned before the apex court that as compliance of the high court judgment, the state government ought to have issued revised seniority lists of its employees from April 1, 1997.The high court had summoned chief secretary Ahmed and principal secretary Khemraj at 2 pm on Monday to hear the punishment for contempt. But, on the basis of a special leave petition moved by the state government against the high court's contempt order, the Supreme Court intervened and stayed the proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mahuar (fatehpur sikri)", "code": "12064468", "title": "UP polls: RLD is a jat party only for some in community", "text": "MAHUAR (Fatehpur Sikri): \"Every jat is a chaudhury these days but we don't have \"a Chaudury' among jats anymore,\" rues Ravinder Kumar, a jat and erstwhile gram pradhan of Mahuar village. Others nod in agreement . Fatehpur Sikri is the acid test for Ajit Singh and his RLD to prove his grip over a community that still swears by his father Chaudhary Charan Singh's legacy. But the RLD is failing the test. It's evident in the constituency more famous for the 16th century capital city complex Akbar built than jat dominance of the region .The constituency has about 1,10,000 jat votes, 40,000 SC jatavs, 45,000 brahmin votes and 25,000 thakurs with other groups. With jats by far the largest chunk, Fatehpur Sikri should have been easy picking for the RLD-Congress combine.But, a day before voting, bookies are offering 1:5 odds on the combine's candidate Chaudhury Baboo Lal. The reason: Another jat leader Rajkumar Chahar, till recently a Congress-ticket hopeful and Raj Babbar's right hand, has jumped into the fray as an independent. He threatens to attract enough votes from the community to make it possible for the BSP's Thakur candidate - Surajpal Singh - to romp home a winner second time in a row.What Chaudhury Charan Singh could perhaps have done in his time - pile votes from other communities over his heap of jat votes- only Mayawati is capable of ensuring in UP today, with her mound of jatav votes intact.\"A large number of jatavs will vote for BSP. Muslims are not as much with Mayawati this time around but Surajpal shall get Muslims from at least his area and surrounding panchayats . Plus, he shall get the thakur votes. There are other groups also in his favour even as Chahar runs Baboo Lal to ground,\" sums up Moin the tourist complex.Chahar jats dominate the belt and Rajkumar is set to wean them away from RLD's hold. The BJP has another jat candidate - Jitendra Faujdar . He too is sure to get a slice from the biggest chunk in the voter pie.Thirty six hours before voting day, news floats in the region (some say rumours) that Chahar was attacked and shot at in the night by opposition hoodlums. He is convalescing in an Agra hospital. Alongside, he seems to be gaining momentum built on sympathy as the hours pass and word spreads. By evening the day before polling, bookies are offering only 30 paisa against a rupee for betting on BSP's win. Chahar attracts Rs 3 for every Rs 1 bet on his victory. The RLD is a poor third.\"Jayant could become a leader in due time if he is not as flippant as his father has been with choice of parties and not as greedy as his father has been for power.Till then, the RLD shall remain a jat party only for some jats. But I think the era where one would see another Haldhar (the original Lok Dal's symbol)-wielding Chaudhary Charan Singh is over,\" says Ravinder Kumar before he decides to have some fun and dials the BSP candidate's organizers to check if they will deliver some alcohol even if he won't vote for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12066188", "title": "Indians in US complain of rude consular staff: Survey", "text": "WASHINGTON: Majority of Indian-Americans visiting the five Indian diplomatic missions in the US come back with a bitter experience, and report un-professional, rude behavior from its staff, a survey has claimed.According to the survey, conducted by the Overseas Friends of BJP (OFBJP), as many as 76 per cent of the respondents said that they experienced either un-professional and rude behavior from employees of the consulate, while 56 per cent of them rated their overall experience as \"very bad\".Some 2,000 Indian-Americans participated in the survey conducted by OFBJP before the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas in January and was submitted to the Indian Government. OFBJP released the contents of the survey in the US last week. The Indian Embassy in Washington did not respond to the contents of the survey.Tampa-based industrialist, Chandrakant Patel, who is president-elect of OFBJP, asked the Indian Ambassador to ensure that the employees of the Consulates and Embassy who deal with the visitors are properly trained. \"Such a rude behaviour and bitter experience send a very wrong impression about our country, which is not the case,\" Patel said.\"These consulates do not match with the status of an emerging, vibrant and proud India. The behaviour of the staff members is rude, and un-courteous,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12063594", "title": "Labourers face brunt of anti-north Indian sentiment in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after a mentally ill person was assaulted by Pallikaranai residents who thought he was a 'north Indian burglar', migrant workers in the city say they have always feared for their safety.\"We never go out alone because locals call us names. We don't know Tamil, but we understand we are being abused. We remain silent as we are far from home,'' says a 28-year-old migrant worker from Odisha.Even if they are in groups, they say police question them as they look different. The recent robberies have increased mistrust. Nirman Mazdoor Panchayat, an organisation working with construction labourers, says there are three lakh migrant workers in Chennai. Close to 60% are employed on construction sites along the IT corridor between Madhya Kailash and Tiruporur.In the past decade, there has been an influx of people, including software professionals and banking executives, from north India, and there have been instances of friction between locals and newcomers.Madhumita Dutta, member of the NGO Campaign for Justice and Peace, says the recent police move to profile north Indians has added to the problem. After the Perungudi bank robbery, police did door-to-door verification in nearby Burma colony. \"They asked how many north Indians were there and checked documents,'' says Dutta. \"It was done so blatantly that small differences got heightened, adding to the perception that north Indians cannot be trusted,'' she says.Poverty and unemployment pushes many from Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal to migrate to Hyderabad, Bangalore and Chennai where infrastructure projects are on. Nirman Mazdoor Panchayat data says most workers between the ages of 18 and 40 stay in shanties close to the sites as they don't know Tamil and don't want to get into trouble with locals.\"Even if we complain, the police treat us as suspects. We remain silent because if there is trouble with locals, we might lose our jobs,'' says a worker from Bihar.Dutta says police need to be discreet while doing checks. \"Migrant workers are insecure as they don't know the language,'' she says. \"By treating them as outsiders, there will be more distrust.''This was not the case when Ramesh Lamba of Punjab Association of Chennai moved here after the Partition. \"There was no hatred, just cultural differences. It got sorted out easily as the main differences related to food,'' says Lamba. Being north Indian became a problem during the anti-Hindi agitation in the 1960s, but that soon disappeared.Recently, many from other states have been involved in break-ins. \"These cases add to the perception that north Indians from a particular class are untrustworthy. This could lead to more tensions if locals are feeling resentful about losing jobs to them,'' says Vikram G, an IT professional from Uttar Pradesh, who has been in Chennai for 10 years.Vikram likes it here but has learnt to mind his own business. \"If get into trouble on the road, I know the crowd will gang up against me even if it is not my fault,'' he says. All because he can't speak fluent Tamil. \"It is frustrating when nobody is willing to listen to your side of the story. But you learn to live with it,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12065048", "title": "CM: I need not listen to any demands to resign", "text": "MANGALORE: The tumult in the BJP over the past few days has not dented chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda's determination to live up to his responsibilities. In an interview to The Times of India, Gowda, however, made it clear he would quit the day the BJP and Sangh leadership asks him to do so. Excerpts: Why is former CM BS Yeddyurappa upset with you? He is not upset with me. All he wants is some position - either that of the CM or of the party president. The core committee will probably discuss the issue at its meeting on March 3. They may seek our advice, but any decision on giving him position or responding to his demands is left to the central leadership.Is Jagadish Shettar a bigger threat to you than Yeddyurappa now that he is getting closer to the latter? I'm not bothered who comes together and for what reasons. I abide by the leadership's directions. If the leadership and Sangh pramukhs ask me to quit, I will do so immediately. I don't have to respond to others' demands (for resignation). You have been accused of trying to divide the Lingayat community Not true.turns here. You've been Yeddyurappa's protege. Is he peeved with you because you have not been his rubber stamp? Primarily, he does not have any position in the party or in the government. It is but natural that a senior leader who has built the party feels it discomforting by the thought that he does not have any position though his party is in power. He has been with people all along. Seeking a position is not wrong in itself. Can the BJP win elections without Yeddyurappa? All I can say is his (Yeddyurappa) presence will benefit us immensely as he is a leader of a major community. Siddaganga seer Shivakumar Swamiji has declined to have Kotilingas (one crore lingas) on his mutt premises. The seer also had invited me to lay the foundation stone for the project. I was invited by the (Kotilingeshwara Charitable trust) committee also as a guest. I am not aware what difference of opinion cropped up (that the project had to be shelved).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12065144", "title": "A K Jain finally surrenders after nine months in hiding", "text": "JAIPUR: Ending a nine-month long escape from the law in the Dara Singh fake encounter case, suspended additional director general of police, Arvind Kumar Jain, surrendered before the special CBI court on Monday afternoon. Due to the absence of CBI's investigating officer, the court sent him to one-day judicial custody. He will be produced in the court on Tuesday.A visibly shaken 59-year-old Jain, in full sleeve shirt and trousers, walked into the court of judge Mahendra Singhal situated on the first floor of the district and sessions court building amid heavy security and jostling around 4 pm. Rumours were rife since morning that Jain, who carried a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh on his head, would surrender following which personnel from nearby Bani Park and other stations were deployed around the court.Soon after entering the court, the 1978-batch IPS officer filed three applications through his counsel SS Hora seeking home cooked food, security in the jail and medical facilities.Special public prosecutor, CBI, Sarfaraz Haider Khan said: \"The court allowed him to have home-made food, security in the jail and medical facilities. However, in the absence of the investigating officer of CBI Santosh Kumar, the court has sent him to judicial custody till Tuesday\".\"There is interrogation pending with Jain. Thus on Tuesday, we will file an application seeking Jain's CBI custody,\" said Khan.Jain, who is accused of supervising a fake encounter of Dara Singh on the Jaipur outskirts on October 23, 2006 as head of the state's special operations group (SOG) had been called to CBI office on May 15 last year along with inspector general (IG) A Ponnuchami, another accused in the case.While Ponnuchami turned up and was arrested, Jain went into hiding. The CBI had filed a chargesheet against 15 policemen in the case. The agency has made former minister and prominent BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore also an accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12065027", "title": "Twinkle twinkle little star for Shahid Kapoor", "text": "Thanks to his fans, a heavenly body has been named after the actorSome pray. Some build temples. Some even hurl themselves on the unsuspecting celebrity. But Shahid Kapoor's fans buy a star for their star. As a birthday present for the actor who turned 31 on February 25, his fans have bought him a gift that literally glows. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that a handful of people, who admire Shahid, have bought what most heroines in Hindi cinema have been yearning for over the years.A friend of the actor told Mumbai Mirror, \"Shahid celebrated his birthday in Goa with a bunch of friends. When he returned to his Andheri residence, he was surprised to see this unique gift waiting for him. A bunch of fans had bought a star for him and named it Shahid. The official letter from the company and a certificate claiming that the star is now named Shahid was delivered.\"Prior to this, a lunar crater in the moon's 'sea of tranquility' was christened after Shah Rukh Khan in 2010.The star now named after Shahid is located in the Orion constellation. \"The star was booked by his fans through the official website starfoundation.net. Shahid was overwhelmed by this gesture. He wears a bracelet that his fans had earlier given him,\" added the friend.Though Shahid Kapoor remained unavailable for comment, his spokesperson confirmed the story and sent us a copy of the star certificate issued by the foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "dadri, greater noida", "code": "12064944", "title": "Anti-Maya wave on home turf", "text": "DADRI, GREATER NOIDA: In the UP chief minister's home constituency, issues such as development, civic issues in rural areas, along with a strong anti-Mayawati sentiment will be major factors in determining the outcome of the polls. Political parties have fielded candidates keeping in mind the fact that Gujjars and Jats are the dominant caste in the area. But residents said that the issue of development will become an additional factor as various large-scale, ambitious projects have been delayed for years.For instance, the ambitious power plant in Dadri, which was intended to solve electricity problems in western Uttar Pradesh, has become an issue for residents as the project was also supposed to bring employment for the masses. Additionally, Mayawati's construction of a grandiose estate in her ancestral village Badalpur has alienated her from many of her vehement supporters. ''Mayawati acquired land to build a palace for herself, but we got nothing in return. The farmers will not vote for Maya. But other options aren't that appealing either,\" said Ranvir Nagar, who lives a few metres from Mayawati's mansion and had moved court against land acquisition.Dadri has a total of 3.33 lakh voters after the Noida seat was carved out from it post 2007 assembly polls. Of this electorate, around 60,000 voters comprise the urban segment, mostly in Greater Noida city. While BSP dominance in this area is almost certain to decrease, with a total of 17 candidates in fray, including 3 independents, it remains to be seen which party can capitalize on this anti-Maya sentiment. Some of the heavyweights include Rajkumar from SP, Nawab Singh Nagar of BJP, Satveer Singh Gujjar of BSP and Sameer Bhatti from the Congress.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12064042", "title": "Karmapa may not attend first court hearing", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Tibetan spiritual leader, 17th Karmapa Ogyen Trinley Dorje has written a letter to the Una deputy commissioner urging him to exclude his name from the chargesheet, but the state government is in no mood to oblige.\"There is no pressure to withdraw the case filed against the Karmapa,\" said chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , who visited Dr RPGMC Medical College here on Monday. He also indicated that the government would not provide any type of relaxation to the Karmapa in the criminal case filed against him in a Una court.According to legal analysts, now that the chargesheet had been filed in the court, the Karmapa's name could not be removed from the list. The public prosecutor would have to move an application for the matter to be decided by the court, they said.Officials said the Tibetan leader's letter had been forwarded to the district attorney. However, police officials were not in favour of any change. \"We are not aware of the move, but it is too late. If the letter has been filed, it has been done after a yearlong gap,\" said an official.Sources in Gyuto Monastery, which is the Karmapa's temporary residence, said it was near-impossible for him to attend the first hearing on March 6. \"He is attending religious ceremonies at Bodh Gaya and main ceremonial services, Molam, is slated from March 1 to 8. There seems no possibility of him returning till March 15,\" the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12063994", "title": "All eyes on Jain, 3 cops still on the run", "text": "JAIPUR: Among the 16 witnesses who have testified in the court in Dara Singh encounter case so far, some include junior police officers of the suspended ADG AK Jain who surrendered before a court here on Monday. One of the junior officers - a sub inspector - Virendra Pal has said that Jain made him prepare the file for announcing reward on the small-time liquor smuggler in haste, lawyers said.As the case is drawing closer to conclusion from CBI's point of view after surrender of Jain, all eyes are now on what the suspended ADG will reveal in the matter. Still, three police officers including sub inspector Rajesh Chaudhary, circle inspector Zulfikar Ali and ASI Arvind Bhardwaj are on the run.\"Statements of 16 witnesses including IAS officer Rohit Kumar Singh, SP Hariram Meena and then assistant sub inspector Virendra Pal have been recorded in the court,\" said BS Chouhan, the counsel of Dara Singh's wife Sushila Devi. He added that Virendra Pal testified in the court that the file proposing reward on Dara Singh had been sent to the police headquarters by the Churu SP. Virendra Pal has said that ADG Jain summoned him and enquired about what happened to the file.\"Jain told the ASI to complete it and bring the file to him. Virendra Pal has disposed in the court, but he is yet to be cross-questioned,\" said Chouhan.In the chargesheet filed by the CBI on June 3 last year, mobile phone locations of the accused have proved to be clinching evidence besides forensic examination of the spot and announcement of cash reward on Dara Singh.The CBI had disclosed in charge-sheet that the story given out in the FIR registered by the SOG is totally false. It is stated, the mobile phone of Dara Singh and his aide, Vijay Kumar Choudhary, was already being tapped by the SOG. They were aware that Dara was coming from Delhi to meet Choudhary at Fatehpur on October 18, 2006 and if somehow Choudhary could be entangled he would be in a position to lead SOG to Dara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12064329", "title": "HR manager murder accused dodges arrest", "text": "GURGAON: The police have not yet been able to arrest the main accused in the murder case of an HR manager whose body was found in a field in Bilaspur area on Sunday night.To avoind getting caught, the accused, Prashant, had reached AIIMS, Delhi in a drunken state and got himself admitted for treatment. On Monday, when a police team went to AIIMS to arrest Prashant, doctors informed them that he was unfit for giving any statement. Doctors told the police to come on Tuesday afternoon to seek custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12067186", "title": "Fire halts safari at Nagarahole tiger reserve", "text": "MYSORE: The forest fire at Nagarahole tiger reserve has put it out of bounds for tourists. The forest department on Monday banned safari in the national park even as the fire continued to rage at the park, destroying vast tracts of land. There are now concerns about the big cats as the forest fire has occurred at the critical tiger habitat of Kallahalla.A wildlife activist said the fire is raging and spreading in the tiger habitat. The forest department is suspecting the involvement of tribals in the fire. PCCF (wildlife) B K Singh told TOI that the safari has been banned.\"We will review the situation and take a call on resuming the safari,\" he explained. Singh is visiting the tiger reserve spread over Mysore and Kodagu districts on Tuesday to take stock of the situation.He said fire has been noticed near Bommadhaadi, which, he said, is in the core area. This happened in the afternoon, after which the forest officials brought the forest fire under control. He suspects it could be an act of persons who are familiar with the forest. \"Miscreants have put fire near bamboo groves to cause damage on a large scale,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062955", "title": "BJP's mayor demand", "text": "MUMBAI: After increasing its tally in the civic polls, the BJP is set to put forth its demand for a term of the mayor's post and the chairmanship of the BMC' standing committee. In the victory rally on Monday, BJP leaders said they wanted larger roles as their tally had risen by three seats.The demand was made by BJP leader Vinod Tawde and state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar assured party workers the demands would be raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064787", "title": "SSC changes this year", "text": "Students must secure at least 25% in papers Students must get 30 out of 120 in Maths and 15 out of 60 in Science written papers HOTS (application-based questions) will be a new feature in this year's Science and Maths examinations carrying 12 marksOn The Job Psychiatrist/CounselorsVanderwala: 1860 2662345/ 022-25706000 (24x7) 9860266345 (24x7) 9820023014 (3-5 pm, except Sundays) 9820646115/24454836 (5-10 pm) 9819269628 (8-10 am; 7:30-9 :30pm)Helplines022-27893756 022-27881075 (9am-7 pm)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12067135", "title": "Trio accused of assault freed on bail", "text": "MYSORE: Three government officials, including two Mandya GP secretaries, who were remanded to judicial custody for allegedly assaulting employees at MM Hills, were released on bail on Monday, a day after their arrest.MM Hills police inspector Shivaswamy said Balagatta GP secretary Chandru, Kilara GP secretary Dayananda and Kilara PDO Manjunath were accused of assaulting Mahadevaswamy and Gopal, employees of Srishyla guest house late on Saturday night.According to complaint, the trio came to the guest house in an inebriated state at 11pm on Saturday and demanded rooms without booking them. When the staff refused to give room keys without receipt, an argument ensued, which later ended up in an assault. The police were summoned to the spot, after which the trio was arrested. They were subjected to medical tests before producing them before a judge, who remanded them to judicial custody, in the wee hours of Sunday. They have been charged under IPC section 353 (Using criminal force to deter public servant from discharging their duty).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12064351", "title": "Agitating Jats to meet in city for a common cause", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an attempt to unify the agitating Jats on the issue of reservation for the community members in government jobs and educational institutions, a meeting of the top leaders of Jat organizations and khap panchayats will be held in Gurgaon on March 5.The national president of Jat Aarakshan Sangarsh Samiti, Col (Retd) O P Sandhu, said on Monday they would make a common minimum programme (CMP) to intensify the agitation. There have been different opinions among Jat leaders about the way in which the agitation on OBC quota is being held.The community has threatened nationwide stir if the government fails to look into their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12067399", "title": "Seers must rethink on supporting RSS, BJP: MP", "text": "MYSORE: Lok Sabha member A H Vishwanath on Monday appealed to the heads of Lingayat mutts to advise community members not to support BJP or RSS \"as their ideology and principles are alien to Lingayat philosophy\".Addressing a press meet, he said it is time for religious heads, particularly Lingayat seers, to guide community-politicians as RSS or BJP has always worked against the interests of backwards and dalits.\"The ill-treatment meted out to (former CM) Yeddyurappa, who has served the party for over 45 years, indicates how RSS treats people. I'm not advocating on behalf of Yeddyurappa, but I'm telling this in the interest of the people\" he said.Stating that philosophies of Basava and RSS are not compatible with each other, he said: \"One argues for an inclusive society, while the other divides the society on social lines.\" \"At least now, the Lingayat seers should take stock of the political situation in the state and decide,\" he added.\"People with a socialist frame of mind should unite and fight the communal elements,\" he added, clarifying that Congress is neither interested in Yeddyurappa's political future nor that he wants to divide the BJP.Referring to CM D V Sadananda Gowda's remarks against him - that Vishwanath is a \"microphone and not a human being\" - the latter said the CM, who has not clarified on any of the issues raised by him, has no morality to criticize him. \"BJP leaders themselves have alleged that the CM is acting at the behest of JD(S) leaders, including (party supremo) H D Deve Gowda ...\" he charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12064994", "title": "Urban voters to decide fate of Noida candidates", "text": "NOIDA: The debutant Noida assembly seat, with its 2.5 lakh urban and 1.5 lakh rural voters, holds a lot of significance as post delimitation urban voters will have a major say in deciding the results. To woo the urban voters, all major parties in fray have fielded candidates who can connect with such residents.Most candidates resorted to various methods to establish that connect, including customising their campaigns and promises to suit both the rural and urban voters. While there are 29 candidates, including 10 independent ones, the heavyweights include Dr Mahesh Sharma from BJP, Dr V S Chauhan from the Congress, first timers Sunil Choudhary and Om Dutt Sharma from SP and BSP, respectively, and social worker Anoop Khanna from Loksatta party.Due to the majority urban voter base, issues like better law &amp; order, infrastructure development, regular electricity, Ganga water and transport facilities appear prominently on the list every candidate's promises. Also, the recent farmers' agitation regarding the land row has compelled every candidate to even talk about the farmers' welfare.The caste equations and their political leanings, especially in the 52 villages, too will have a major impact on the polls. Villagers say that while Brahmin votes are likely to get divided between BJP and Congress, the Muslims have pledged their support to SP. Incidentally, the Dalit votes are divided this time.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063601", "title": "10 years after Godhra communal violence, Gujarat still shielding government staff", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Right to Information (RTI) application by activist Usman Sheikh in Sabarkantha has revealed that 24 teachers working in government primary schools, grant-in-aid high schools and one even in a college were accused of rioting in 2002. Sabarkantha had seen violence in Prantij, Idar, Himmatnagar and other parts. All these teachers were charge-sheeted. Ten had got anticipatory bail while the rest spent time in police and judicial custody. Some cases are pending but all of them are back on the jobs, teaching the children.Sheikh had sought details from the district police of people working with government and semi-government organizations who were accused of rioting in 2002 and if their departments or seniors were informed when they spent over 48 hours in police custody which forms the basis of suspension. Of the details of 45 people given by the police, 24 were teachers. Four of them teach in primary schools, one is a school principal, one head teacher. Two are retired teachers. The rest are all teachers in high school teaching students of impressionable age.\"Police officials have on record admitted that they did not inform the departments concerned or the senior officials of those charge-sheeted in rioting,\" says Sheikh.When he took the matter forward himself and sent RTI applications to schools whose teachers were charge-sheeted, all of them responded that none of their teachers was involved in post-Godhra communal carnage. \"These teachers are teaching innocent minds. Whether they are being consciously protected or their seniors are really ignorant is a matter to be probed,\" says Sheikh.Director of Nyaygruh and eminent activist Harsh Mandar says information of a big number of teachers accused of communal rioting is deeply disturbing. \"We have always believed that real battle against communalism will not be fought by police, it will be fought by hearts and mind of ordinary people. But if the minds of the teachers are communally biased, there is a high risk of them poisoning innocent minds in classrooms\".Mandar said that no action against these teachers who continue to teach amounts to normalization of communal prejudice in classrooms which is more dangerous. \"The government needs to take action against such teachers and cleanse the classrooms\", he said.Nyaygruh state co-ordinator Preeta Jha says that involvement of teachers in rioting underlines communalization of education in Gujarat. It also debunks the myth that uneducated, poor people spontaneously went on a communal rampage to loot and kill. \"These people were educated but some also in charge of educating the future of the state\", says Preeta.Army man accused of riotingAn army man too figures in the list of government personnel accused of rioting. Mahesh alias Mayur Moti Patel of Nana Poshina village in Idar has been accused of being part of 11 people in a mob who set the house of Valibhai Mansuri afire. A case was filed against him in 2002 in which a summary closure was filed. Later, the case was re-opened following the SC directive. He is currently released on bail and villagers say that he is reported to be on duty in Jammu and Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12064932", "title": "Velim parishioners, locals want case withdrawn immediately", "text": "MARGAO: Parishioners and locals of Velim have threatened a jail bharo andolan and other such agitations if the Cuncolim police do not immediately withdraw the case filed against the parish priest, members of the church committee and 1,500 unknown persons. They have further warned of putting their threat into action if anyone from the village is arrested or even questioned by the police.A case of attempt to murder and several other IPC sections was filed against 1,508 persons following the incident on the night of February 24 when five policemen were beaten up by an angry mob at the St Francis Xavier Church premises. The officials were at the parish priest's residence as a follow up to an earlier 'raid'.On Monday, the Fabrica- the executive committee of the church-and the Parish Pastoral Council, under the banner of the church committee, held an hour long discussion with over 1,500 locals chalking out the plan of action.Angry church committee members asked whether routine police inquires were conducted at 9pm and if the questions asked were as per law.\"Show us the law which asks us to disclose our political affiliation. What about the forcible entry, misbehavior and arrogance of the police with the parish priest and the people. Is this not a case of harassment and provocation?\" questioned a panel member.At the end of the meeting, locals demanded the suspension of the three policemen.A signature camcpaign was also carried out to submit a memorandum to the government. Sources said around 25 priests from across the state have met Velim's parish priest Romano Gonsalves personally and have condemned last Saturday's incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12064395", "title": "Akhilesh\u2019s quota pitch stuns Digvijaya Singh", "text": "LUCKNOW: State SP chief Akhilesh Yadav's latest quota pitch has come as a 'great surprise' to senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh. Addressing a press conference on Monday, the UPCC units in-charge said that Akhilesh's statement that the SP would consider an alliance with Congress if it commitsedto award 18% quota to Muslims, had completely flummoxed him. \"The statement wouldn't have meant much had it come from Mulayam Singh Yadav, but issued by someone as educated as Akhilesh, it had truly surprised me,\" Digvijaya said. Although the leader was prompt to explain that he had not meant the remark to offend Mulayam. \"My son is better educated than me so what is the big deal,\" he said.\"Congress party had proposed quota to minorities in 2009 Lok Sabha election when it was made part of the manifesto. But then Mulayam never raised this issue or take any step in the direction,\" he said. The Congress leader charged the SP supremo with making false promises. \"In 1996, Mulyam promised to abolish sales tax but then he promptly replaced it with trade tax. Moreover, without taking the Centre into confidence or going for a Constitutional amendment, Mulayam also included a number of OBCs in ST and SC categories. This led to a spate of problems,\" Digvijaya alleged. Mulayam Singh, he said, had often given up ideology for politics. \"He is also known to say anything against the BJP and for keeping the doors open,\" Digvijaya alleged, hinting at the SP chieftain's weakness towards the saffron camp. Strongly condemning Arvind Kejriwal's statement on parliament and MPs, Digvijaya demnded to know what kind of system Anna's team beloved in. \"If parliamentary democracy is bad would he rather have us adopt dictatorship or a single-party rule?\" Digvijaya demanded to know.The leader also dismissed the demand for right to reject. The number of such people who opted for right to reject does not amount to even .001% and the state has already seen five phases of polling, he pointed out. Claiming that Ramdev and Team Anna were 'team ABC' of the BJP, he said that the government must investigate into foreign funding of all these organizations.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066809", "title": "AU fails to get NAAC grading", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The authorities of Allahabad University have set the ball rolling for the intake of fresh students for various courses being run by different institutions but it would be yet another year when the university would start the admission process without any grading by National assessment and accreditation council (NAAC).NAAC is an autonomous entity under the University Gants Commission which rates universities on various parameters like infrastructure, teacher taught ratio (TTR), amenities for students etc and gives a specific rating to the institution concerned. The ranking given as grade is for a period of five years. In terms of Allahabad University, it was B++ grade in December 2003 and it expired in December 2008. The university should have got itself inspected before expiry of the time limit given by NAAC, but the authorities failed to do so within stipulated time. The NAAC team, which visited AU in 2003, had also inspected other constituent colleges and given suitable grades. Colleges like Arya Kanya, Hamidia Girls and Rajashri Tandon Degree College got B+ grade. Ewing Christian College (ECC) and SS Khanna Degree College were given B++ while Jagat Taran managed a B+.The university authorities constituted a four-member committee, chaired by the dean, arts, Prof NR Farooqui, which was entrust the responsibility of preparing a report to be sent to NAAC with a formal request to inspect and give grading. The other members of the committee were Avinash Chandra Pandey, head, department of atmospheric and ocean sciences, JN Bhargava and HC Mukerjee.Most of the departments finished the work and submitted the reports. As many as 10 departments failed to submit the report. As a result, the university administration, which was determined to send the report to NAAC by February 10, 2011, failed to keep its own schedule.These departments have still not provided details of achievements, researches and future plans that the university has to submit to NAAC while applying for reaccreditation.\"Getting the NAAC grading does help the institution get better stuff as the present day youth are quite aware and when they surf the net in finding the best institution for themselves, NAAC grading is one thing that gives the institution an edge over others,\" said a faculty member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12063399", "title": "70 engineering schools to participate in Robocon 2012", "text": "PUNE: The National Robotic Contest, in which engineering schools across the country contend with each other to field the best mechanically structured robot, will be held in the city from March 1.The college that wins Robocon 2012, as the contest is called, will get the opportunity to participate in the International Robocon, to be held in Hong Kong in August this year.The contest started in 2002 and is an end-to-end competitive experience from concept design of a system of robots programmed to perform according to the rules of the game, which changes every year.It provides engineering students a platform to test their latest innovations in the international circuit, said Yogesh Bhalerao, chief co-ordinator of the event. \"The robot in the competition is not humanoid but a multi-disciplinary machine where diverse skills of civil, mechanic and electronic engineering are required.''This year's event will be played according to Hong Kong's annual custom of 'Peng On Dai Gat', or the Bun Festival.Seventy engineering schools, including seven IITs, will be sparring to win the national contest and represent India in Hong Kong, where 20 countries, including China and Japan, will participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12063693", "title": "Strike to hit transport, banks today", "text": "CHENNAI: If you travel by MTC buses or autorickshaws, Tuesday may be a tough day for you. Transport and banking services in the city are likely to be hit as trade unions across the country go on a dawn-to-dusk bandh. Educational institutions, however, will remain open.According to initial estimates, at least 10,000 of the 24,000 MTC staff, including drivers, conductors and administration staff would stay off work. However, MTC officials said they collected signatures of workers, a majority of whom said they would not be joining the strike.More than eight major central trade unions and 40 federations have given the strike call against the \"anti-people and anti-worker policies'' of the Centre. The striking unions include AITUC, CITU, Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh, Hind Mazdoor Sabha, and employees federations of LIC, state government and nationalised banks. DMK's Labour Progressive Front has also offered support to the national bandh.CPM's trade union CITU has taken a lead in organising demonstrations near Panagal Maligai in Saidapet, Munroe Statue on Anna Salai and Victoria Memorial Hall near Central Station. Southern Railway officials said the suburban services will not be affected. Sources said banking services are likely to be hit, as employees are up against the government's privatisation and disinvestment moves. Members of BSNL , insurance companies and nationalised banks are expected to join the strike.The protestors are seeking amendments to labour laws and permission to set up trade unions in the private sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063850", "title": "\u2018Bhopal ideal for film shoots\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: \"The city of lakes can be an ideal movie filming locations. I would recommend my daughters to shoot a film in Bhopal,'' says Arun Dutt, son of legendary filmmaker Guru Dutt.Back in 1987, Dutt could not film in Pachmarhi on account of feasibility issues. Now, he says the city has the potential to attract film makers. Dutt was in Bhopal with his daughter and wife over the weekend.Being granddaughters of Guru Dutt , the man who gave some of the greatest cinematic masterpieces of his time, is not easy, say his granddaughters. Karuna, 28, and Gouri, 23. Both are trying to gain a foothold in the tinsel town.Unlike privileged children of celebrities, there is no de luxe life for Guru Dutt's grandchildren. \"There's still time before we make our own films. And no doubts, comparisons would be made,'' said Karuna Dutt, who has been into film production for almost three years with the likes of Anurag Kashyap and others.Karuna a graduate in English from Fergusson College (Pune) went on to teach Latin American dance before switching to film making. Her younger sister Gouri is an interior designer-turned-actor.Growing up into Dutt household, cinema comes naturally to daughters of the illustrious film maker. By the time they were into their teens, the two were familiar with the works of giants like Bergman, Fellini, Kurosawa. But their search still continues to find the real meaning of Guru Dutt's granddaughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064943", "title": "Talk to children about sex to save them from incest", "text": "Incest is not a phenomenon restricted to slums anymore . It is also found in middle and upper class families. But not all cases are reported to the police due to shame associated with it. In 2011, the Mumbai police registered 219 rape offences, of which six were cases of incest.\"Most cases of child sexual abuse are committed by someone within the family: an uncle, a caretaker, a close relative or a family friend. The abuser could also be someone with whom the child interacts regularly, like a teacher or a watchman. A parent needs to establish a strong and open channel of communication with the child,\" says Suchismita Bose, director, The Foundation , which is involved in therapy as well as awareness programmes for child sexual abuse victims. \"Most of the cases we receive pertain to incest. There are a lot of reasons why kids don't talk about abuse. There's fear of the abuser or fear that the family will be hurt. Also, there's no vocabulary; how does the child explain what has happened? This occurs because many parents don't teach their children about their private parts and our society usually associates shame or disgust with the topic.\"Bose says that at times, kids are scared that their parents won't trust them or may get angry and so do not talk about abuse. \"You need to teach a child that if someone is touching you inappropriately or if you're feeling uncomfortable, trust your instinct and talk about it, and that there's nothing to be ashamed of. Kids can be taught to say 'no' through games at home. If the abuser doesn't stop, the kid needs to be taught to run away and complain to someone trusted such as a parent. It may happen that a parent is busy, in which case the kid should be taught to keep finding someone trusted and talk about what has happened.\"Kids aren't always confident of being heard by their family, so they should be given a feeling of being respected, say activists. A complicated area is where the abuser is someone close to the child and has been showering him with gifts and affection. The child then loves him and does not want to complain and be devoid of affection. \"In such cases, the child may get upset about letting the person go and prefers abuse,\" says an activist.In January 2010, a 42-year-old lab technician was arrested for confining his 14-year-old daughter at his Govandi home for five days and repeatedly raping her. Mohammed Chaudhary, the accused , had a diploma in medical laboratory technology and ran a testing centre in Bainganwadi. In a separate case, a 44-year-old man was held for raping his teenage daughter at their Govandi shanty for over two years. Shahbuddin Khan, the accused, managed to silence his wife and daughter with dire threats. The mother finally gathered courage and approached the police in February 2011.Activists say there is a need to sensitize mothers as they are the first people whom a child approaches in a case of incest. \"On January 2, we organized a workshop for mothers jointly with the Sarva Siksha Abhiyan and the Savitribai Phule Gender Resource Centre on how to open a dialogue with daughters. It had games, chat shows and presentations to allow mothers and daughters to understand each other's perspectives, share insights , thoughts and feelings perhaps unexplored and unspoken,\" says Nandita Shah, co-director , Akshara. \"Even in simple harassment cases, girls are made to feel that something must be wrong with them. A parent needs to understand what the girl is going through. In our awareness campaigns, we impart training on the way girls need to be supported.\"Age-Related Info18 months | Teach your child proper names for body parts3-5 years | Teach your child about private parts and how to say no to sexual advances. Give straightforward answers about sex5-8 years | Discuss safety away from home and the difference between comfortable touch and uncomfortable touch. Encourage your child to talk about scary experiences8-12 years | Stress personal safety. Start to discuss rules of sexual conduct expected by the family13-18 years | Stress personal safety. Discuss rape, date rape, sexually transmitted diseases, and unintended pregnancy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12063646", "title": "Man gets 1-yr RI, 25k fine in dowry case", "text": "CHENNAI: A 34-year-old man has been sentenced to one year of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of 25,000 after he was found guilty for harrassing his wife for dowry. R Sethumadhavan, sessions judge, Mahalir Court (women's court), passed the order on Monday.Special public prosecutor Gowri Asokan said a complaint was filed by E Priya (22) at the all women's police station in Velachery in March, 2008. She said that after a period of courting, Priya married Elumalai, who was employed in the construction industry, on October 10, 2006 in a Velachery temple.Elumalai who behaved well before marriage, often came home inebriated and demanded 20 sovereigns gold and 5 lakh in cash. On January 1, 2007, he called her uncle Pandurangan and even threatened to kill her, the complaint said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12063956", "title": "Net-savvy students stay a pace ahead of parents, teachers", "text": "JAIPUR: Gone are the days when a parent-teacher meeting was enough for parents to know everything about their wards. They never had it in their wildest of dreams that someday they had to monitor the activities of their kids by spying on their social networking accounts.Meenakshi Saini (name changed) of Bani Park and a mother Class X, son frequently opens gmail, Facebook and Twitter accounts of her son to read his mails and keep a tab on all his conversations on social networking sites. \"My son spends quality time on internet every day. I cannot discourage him using internet as it has become a need of the hour. However, I make sure to see what he is upto without making him feel offended.\"In a similar manner, parents in the city are a worried lot with the excessive usage of internet by their wards. Experts feel that the void between parents and children has been filled by internet. In case of nuclear families and both parents are working, the chances are that wards become more susceptible of internet addiction.\"Parenting becomes a serious business especially at a time when kids move towards adolescence and witness nueroendocrinal changes. In this period, they witness lot of physical and psychological changes and require proper attention from parents and teachers,\" said Dr Ashok Gupta, associate professor, pediatrics, SMS hospital.Understanding the changing needs of kids, parents are taking a step ahead and coming closer to their ways. Neeraj Makhija of Malviya Nagar opened a Facebook account recently only to be befriended with his daughter.\"I sent a friend request to my daughter which she only accepted a week ago. Now during the day, I chat with her many times on Facebook. She discusses many things about her friends and academics in a manner she discusses with her friends,\" said Makhija who come in terms with her daughter by adopting her way.Schools are also a worried lot. The best they can do is to ban using mobile phones and monitor computer labs. Neera Mathur, principal of SMS School, says that cyber monitoring of students is essential for parents and schools. \"It can be done with the help of software that can block certain undesirable sites. But a check on the children's usage is required.\"The advancement in technology is keeping students one step ahead than parents and teachers. The age of computers have gone now, students are using I-Pads and mobile phones to access internet, making it almost impossible for both parents and teachers to monitor their usage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063865", "title": "\u2018Sterilization drive felled us in \u201977\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: Off the cuff or otherwise, a comment by Congress Legislature Party leader Ajay Singh on Monday in the state Assembly caught both his own party men and the ruling BJP by surprise. He compared the current sterilization-vasectomy fiascos in the state to the nationwide family planning outrages during the Emergency, which, he candidly admitted, led to the fall of the then Congress government.\"Shivraj Singh Chouhan must learn much from history. In 1977, Congress lost the general elections paving the way for the Janata Party to come to power at the Centre. And only one issue was responsible for our defeat - sterilization and family planning,'' Singh said, participating in the debate on the motion of thanks to the Governor's address in the assembly. \"By the way, the complaints of forced sterilization are pouring in from all parts of Madhya Pradesh , let us hope this government too does not fall on that same issue,'' he added.Referring to the sudden spurt in complaints over the sterilization drive, he alleged people are being lured and misguided to go under the scalpel. The crisis, he said, had started after chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan announced 2012 as the year for family planning. By mid-February, complaints took the form of deluge as district administration officers set targets and deadlines for vasectomy and sterilization in order to impress the chief minister.Singh said the CM had claimed that no one was going to be forced or enticed to undergo vasectomy or sterilization. \"But this is going on despite the assurance,'' he alleged. Citing two newspaper reports, Ajay Singh said, \"Sterilizations have occurred even two days ago and complaints have been registered.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064645", "title": "UP polls: Azharuddin ducks, Sanjay shies, Cong falters", "text": "* What's common between Moradabad and cricket bouncers? Azharuddin ducks both.* Sanjay Singh didn't campaign in any Sultanpur seat because Congress candidates saw him as a \"negative\" .MORADABAD-RAMPUR: When Congress notched the unexpected tally of 21 MPs in UP in 2009, the party thought these worthies would lay the foundation for sound performance in the local elections. But with Mandate 2012 inching closer , Congress, barring exceptions, has modest expectations from pockets held by these parliamentarians. Instead, it is possible gains in other areas that may take it forward from 22 MLAs.Moradabad is a case in point. The party is lagging here although only in 2009 the Congress mopped up Muslim and Hindu votes.\"Leave aside Azhar, we find it difficult to get through to his secretary here,\" rues Aamir in Bartan Bazar. Such sentiments are common in the \"brass\" city where the joke has gone so far in the last three years that people got photographed holding candles in the dark. \"It was a dramatization of our search for our absconding MP,\" says one of those who participated in the novel protest.Congress observers feel the district may not give the party any push, with the SP and the BJP emerging top contenders to tap the anti-BSP votes.It comes close to the drama in Sultanpur , the Gandhi family turf. MP Sanjay Singh and his legislator wife saw the 'first family' led by Priyanka, plead their case in Amethi while Singh stayed away from other assembly segments.Such sights possibly explain how much the battle for UP rests on Rahul Gandhi's shoulders . He has emerged the one-man army. \"His across-the-state blitzkrieg is the party's only source of confidence,\" a party leader says.There are exceptions, though. Bundelkhand and Kanpur, from where expectations are good. Shahjahanpur and pockets of Devipatan, where some Congress MPs have tried really hard, irrespective of which way the results go.The change in mood since 2009 is evident in stretches where the Congress is in contest despite losses three years ago. Begum Noor Bano is pitching for her candidates. The party is putting up a good fight in Varanasi and Aligarh.Sources said MPs assessed negatively could face punishment, as also those sulking over ticket distribution, like an eastern UP MP who had to be persuaded to come to the dais when Rahul came to campaign. A tongue-lashing from Rahul last December nudged many such inactive MPs out of Delhi to campaign.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062610", "title": "PMO asks ministerial panel to resolve EPE toll row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office has stepped in to end the toll charge row over the crucial Eastern Peripheral Expressway (EPE), one half of the ring expressway around Delhi. It has reportedly asked a group of ministers comprising finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , highways minister C P Joshi and Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia to take a decision on the toll charge proposed for the 135-km stretch connecting Palwal and Kundli in Haryana via Ghaziabad.Sources in the highways ministry said the project, caught up in the toll controversy, was likely to come up in the next Cabinet meeting on Thursday. \"Now the group of ministers will decide about the toll charge to be levied before it comes up for clearance by the Cabinet,\" a source said.When the project was conceived, the finance and highways ministries had agreed that it should be treated as a highway but the highways ministry recently changed its stand. It proposed that the expressway be treated as a bypass to Delhi. This would have led to a toll 50% more than what is charged on any NH stretch.Ironically, before sending the proposal to the Cabinet, the highways ministry had asked the finance and law ministries and Planning Commission about their stand on the toll. While the finance ministry stuck to its earlier stand, the plan panel supported higher toll.Moreover, despite NHAI opposing such a move claiming that higher toll would make the project financially unviable and end up benefiting the competing facility of Western Peripheral Expressway (the other half of the ring) besides putting a strain on people, the highways ministry supported the plan panel proposal.Due to the controversy, necessary clearances for EPE have been delayed by months and the cost of the project has gone up. \"Higher toll will make the project less attractive. The cost has gone up by Rs 300 crore in three-and-a-half years to Rs 2,699 crore,\" an NHAI official said.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12065168", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan returns after surgery", "text": "The superstar will shoot for the promos of Kaun Banega Crorepati; the show will go on air in mid 2012Rajinikanth is not the only one back to work after his illness. Amitabh Bachchan , who had to undergo a couple of surgeries recently, will be back shooting sooner than expected. And that too for his famous quiz show Kaun Banega Crorepati. Big B will host the sixth season of the television show that will go on air in mid 2012. And he will shoot for the promos first.When contacted, producer of Kaun Banega Crorepati, Siddharth Basu, told Mumbai Mirror, \"Yes, Mr Bachchan will host the forthcoming season of KBC. I intend working with him on this show even for the seventh season.\"A source close to the show explained, \"Mr Bachchan had signed a two-year contract on KBC in 2011. However, after the two hernia surgeries, people wondered whether he would be able to take up the grueling assignment of hosting a daily television show. But now, he has confirmed with the broadcasters that he will indeed shoot for the show.\"Bachchan's rich baritone and his inimitable style had made the quiz show an instant hit with the audience. After a break of one year, the superstar had returned to the show and has played the host every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "12064197", "title": "Guard under cop scanner in Bank of India \u2018burglary\u2019 in Bihar", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Criminals looted over Rs 16.31 lakh in cash from Gannipur Bheja branch of the Bank of India under the Sakra police station in Muzaffarpur district after overpowering the guard of the branch at about 1 am on Monday.The guard, Bipin Kumar Rai, informed the branch manager, Premjit Prasad, at about 6 am that five armed criminals on two motorcycles arrived at the bank at about 1 am. While two of them overpowered him, three others broke open the bank window with iron tools and entered it. Rai claimed he became unconscious after being assaulted by the two criminals and regained consciousness only at around 6 am. Police, however, said it was a burglary as the night guard was not present on duty when the crime was committed. Police said that the bank guard had cooked up a story to show that he was present in the bank when the crime was committed.The scene at the bank indicated that the criminals did enter the bank after damaging a window, disconnected electricity connections of the branch, damaged the CCTV and then the concrete wall in which the bank's safe box was fitted.They also broke the brass locks of the safe box and took out the entire cash stacked inside. Mysteriously, the branch was authorized to keep only Rs 4 lakh at a time. The branch manager argued that since it was Sunday and due to the bandh call on Tuesday, he could not send the deposited cash to the main branch at Muzaffarpur earlier.DSPs Sibli Nomani and Manish Kumar, who inspected the site of crime, claimed that it was a burglary and the night guard was lying about the incident. Rai was not present at the time of the crime. He was not a staffer of the bank, but is attached to a security agency. He had joined here only 12 days back. He belongs to a neighbouring village. Rai simultaneously guards a mobile tower. The police were informed about the incident after 8 am on Monday, Nomani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12064355", "title": "UP elections: Constables on poll duty go on rampage in Hathras", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five journalists and three policemen were injured in Hathras on Monday when scores of police constables went berserk targeting their seniors, media and public property. The constables went on the rampage after one of them was allegedly slapped by an additional superintendent of police (ASP) for playing cards instead of being present at his duty point. The incident took place on the polytechnic campus where EVMs were kept for polling on Tuesday. The angry cops also blocked the national highway number 9 for several hours.The situation was brought under control after Aligarh commissioner SK Verma reached the site and pacified the agitated constables. In the follow-up action, ASP Ashok Kumar Shukla was transferred from Hathras and attached to the DGP headquarters on the instructions of Election Commission. Dispatching of poll parties in Hathras was disrupted for about four hours before the process resumed. By evening, the authorities described the situation as peaceful and under control. Of the five journalists injured in the violence, three were referred to Delhi for treatment. All photographs and video footage of the journalists was destroyed. The only footage of the initial violence available was some shots taken from cellphones.The trouble began after the dispatching of poll parties was obstructed due to improper release of EVMs from the strong room at the government polytechnic in Hathras. When ASP Ashok Kumar Shukla went to find out the cause of delay, he spotted a constable missing from the duty point and playing cards instead. When he reportedly questioned the constable for his conduct, the latter misbehaved and a heated argument ensued which ended up in the ASP slapping the constable.This angered the other constables on duty and they began to assault the ASP. Some of them damaged his official vehicle. In the meantime, circle officer, Hathras City, Jagat Narain reached the site followed by inspector in charge of local Kotwali police Shiv Lal Arya. They too faced the ire of the agitated constables.All three officers were left bleeding as the trouble began to spread across the region with more and more constables joining the irate cops in solidarity. An hour later, most parts of Hathras were under siege with policemen targeting everything that came before them. They blocked NH 9 demanding immediate action against the ASP. DIG Aligarh VP Tripathi tried to pacify the irate constables but in vain. Rebuked and rebuffed, the DIG made a hasty retreat. Thereafter, the divisional commissioner reached the site and pacified the constables. On his assurances of prompt action, the cops returned to duty and dispatching of poll parties resumed.Meanwhile, ADG law and order and crime Subesh Kumar Singh said additional forces have been rushed to Hathras to meet any contingency. The Election Commission , on the basis of an interim report, ordered immediate removal of the ASP from poll duty in Hathras and he was attached to the DGP headquarters with immediate effect. The EC has also sought a detailed report on the incident from the district magistrate Suhas LY and SSP Aligarh. Chief electoral officer, UP, Umesh Sinha said the EC is keeping a constant watch on the developments in Hathras. \"As of now we have to ensure that the polling process is not disrupted. Once the polling is done, we will address the issue more holistically,\" he said.What triggered the violence?What happened in Hathras that triggered large scale violence and virtually a mutiny by the constabulary in the Uttar Pradesh Police? Who made the first wrong move? Did the additional superintendent of police exceeded his official brief and slapped the police constable on duty which could have been avoided? Did the constables overreact? There are some conflicting versions of what happened at Hathras.One version says that poll parties were being dispatched to their respective destinations from the government polytechnic - the temporary district election headquarters. It was around 2 pm when the officers noticed some delay in the buses being made available to carry the poll parties and Central para military forces to the polling stations. Initial inquiries revealed that the delay was being caused because some of the police constables were sitting inside these vehicles at the parking slot, playing cards and were unwilling to let the buses go till their game was over.It was around this time when Hathras ASP Ashok Kumar Shukla, who was passing from the parking lot, noticed some commotion and stopped to enquire what has happened. It was here that he discovered a couple of cops in civil dress playing cards inside a bus. When the ASP pulled one of them for creating hindrance which was causing delay in dispatching of poll parties, the constable confronted the officer. This led to a heated exchange between the two when other constables reached the scene.Things went out of control when some constables allegedly grabbed the shirt of the ASP while threatening him to keep off the issue. The ASP reportedly shrugged the constables to free himself. This triggered commotion among the constables and news reached other constables that the ASP had assaulted the cop. Thereafter, the cops went berserk, taking the entire area to ransom for four hours. The ASP, while talking to senior officials, is believed to have denied having slapped the constable. He has supposedly claimed that the constables grabbed him by his shirt when he tried to free himself and in the process, he was accused of slapping a constable.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067000", "title": "'Dil Mera Muft Ka' is not a classical mujra: Pritam", "text": "Music director Pritam disagrees that the Kareena Kapoor number from Agent Vinod is a classical mujra.The hype surrounding Saif Ali Khan's Agent Vinod is just getting bigger with the mujra number ' Dil Mera Muft Ka ' catching on like fire. The song sees Kareena Kapoor shake those hips to some tantalizing beats along with another eye candy Maryam Zakaria.Music director Pritam is quite proud of this one and has rated it as one of the best songs in the film. \" Dil Mera Muft ka is in keeping with the theme of the film. Naturally I can't reveal much but its thriller and that's for everyone to see. The film has quite a few secrets that will be revealed and the way Kareena is shot clearly tells you that she has some hidden intentions,\" says Pritam.Pritam has a house in Madh Island which is generally his sanctum of peace and creation. Master pieces like Dil Mera Muft Ka have generally been fine tuned by Pritam on one of his Madh Island sojourns. \"I love the place, it's quiet and beautiful. The perfect getaway,\" says Pritam.With respect to Dil Mera Muft Ka being called a Mujra song, Pritam tends to disagree. \"The song is not a classical Mujra number. There are distinct drum and bass beats which gives the song a very different identity. People need to understand that,\" says Pritam. For people not familiar with the word mujra, it is a form of dance which originated from courtesans during the Mughal era.So instead of arguing about which genre the song would fit into, Pritam gives a simple solution. \"Why not call it Mujra - Agent Vinod Style?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12063679", "title": "No competition for Sole in race for mayor\u2019s post", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP city president Anil Sole is all set to be nominated as mayoral candidate on March 1 if sources in the party are to be believed. As far as party-wise vote tally is concerned, BJP has topped with 37.59% votes.Sole informed TOI that the parliamentary board of BJP, after holding meetings with alliance parties Shiv Sena and RPI (A), will decide the candidates for mayor and deputy mayor. \"Our top priority was to strengthen Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) and we had done it by taking the tally to 77. We have already managed to get majority in the 16-member standing committee. Still, we have invited all corporators, other than those of Congress and NCP, to work together under the banner of NVA. BSP is yet to take any decision, but we are ready to take their support,\" he said.Sources in BJP have confirmed that Sole is the sole name in the running for the mayor's post. \"BJP will decide whether to give the post of deputy mayor to Shiv Sena after a getting response from BSP. Everything depends upon the parliamentary board and BJP national president Nitin Gadkari,\" said sources.Sole said, BJP secured 3,88,126 votes, including 90,836 from South-West Nagpur followed by 72,180 from Central Nagpur, 67,885 from South Nagpur, 66,643 from East Nagpur, 60,711 from West Nagpur, and 29,871 from North Nagpur.\"We are well ahead of Congress in five constituencies. We have benefited from 50% reservation for women, with number of our elected women corporators at 35. Seven candidates of BJP had got over 10,000 votes while eight won by a margin of over 5,000 votes. Still, we got six corporators less than what we expected,\" he added.Sole also said that there are three doctors, four engineers, and one advocate among the 62 BJP corporators. MLAs Sudhakar Deshmukh, Krishna Khopde and Vikas Kumbhare, Sanjay Bhende, Chandan Goswami, Sudhakar Kohle and others were present at the press conference.BJP has managed to gain seats and number of votes in 2012. In 2007, BJP had 56 seats and increased its tally to 62 in 2012. In 2007, the BJP had secured 34.41% votes (2.77 lakh as against polling of 8.05 lakh). This increased to 37.59% in 2012 (3.88 lakh as against polling of 10.32 lakh).If president of city Congress committee Jaiprakash Gupta is to be believed, Congress has secured 3.58 lakh votes for a percentage of 34.67% of total polling. In 2007, Congress had secured 1.78 lakh votes for a percentage of 22.08%. However, BJP party leaders claimed that the Congress got 3,41,575 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12063957", "title": "Happy start to boards", "text": "LUDHIANA: Excited. Relaxed. Anxious. These, and many more expressions played on the faces of students who took the first ICSE Class X and ISC Class XII examination on Monday.While the students of Class X wrote the test from 11am till 1pm, the Class XII pupils took the exam from 2pm to 5pm. The board examination for both the classes started with English.Animatedly discussing the paper after writing the test, many students admitted at having visited the temple or gurdwara before reaching the examination centre.A resident of South City, Nyamat Chadha of Class XII, said the exam was neither too difficult nor too easy. I would call it a balanced question paper and hope to score at least 90 marks, she smiled.For Basant Citys Neha Jain, also of Class XII, the exam was easy. I think Ill get 75 marks, if not more, she said.Having been preparing for the last year for these exams, Ghumar Mandi resident Eshana Ghuman said she had worked for a good score. But Atamnagars Tushar Rawat found the essay writing part of the paper difficult. But its a good start to the boards... I hope its a smooth ride, he laughed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12063095", "title": "For city yuppies, hartal a day of boredom", "text": "KOCHI: With most of the companies requesting employees to take leave on Tuesday, following the hartal, young professionals are supposed to be a happy lot. But most are not. Forced into staying indoors, they say, they will have to spend the day in front of television.Those staying at working men/women hostels are worried, as they may not even get a decent meal.Cherian Varghese (name changed) who works as a business analyst for Affiliated Computer Services (ACS) in the city, says, \"Our company will give us leave on Tuesday. But my friends and I, who stay at rented apartment, is not sure about how we will manage our breakfast and lunch. None of the hotels in the area will be open and either we will have to live on bread, bananas and instant noodles or leave for home to survive the day,\" he said.But Prince Issac, who works with the HDFC bank has found a way to survive the hartal. His plan is to have meals from the hospital canteen nearby.Sai Deepak, who is an employee of Grove Ltd an IT firm, is planning a quiet day with his parents at home. \"I heard that even motorbikes would not be allowed on road this time. I am glad that unlike many of my friends I am staying with parents and need not get worried about food. A movie and some reading will make Tuesday a relaxing affair,\" Sarun said.Most of the companies have requested their employees to take leave on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064845", "title": "An expensive road to recovery", "text": "Even today, acid burn wounds remain the trickiest of all burn injuries to tackle because the chemicals penetrate deep into the skin injuring other organs . Despite the technology available, a victim may still have to undergo anywhere between three to 20 surgeries, but still not be able to regain functionality of the damaged organs. Most victims in India , however, are unable to fork out the lakhs of rupees required for repeatedand expensive-surgeries , and are often forced to \"live with the deformities,\" say doctors. The surgeries can drain a family of all its monetary resources.Also, the deformities and disfigurement caused by the deep burns add to the victim's woes. In the recent years, certain medical advancements have increased the chances of healing as well as survival for the victims. Plastic surgeon Dr Sunil Keswani said that the advent of artificial skin called 'Integra' has significantly contributed to the management of burn victims. \"The artificial skin helps to cover the wound and later do the grafting . It helps the wound heal faster and with lesser chances of getting infected,\" he said, adding that better antibiotics are also now available in the Indian market.Though labelled as one of the best innovations for burn injury, artificial skin is also very expensive, beyond the reach of most families. A patch of artificial skin slightly smaller than the size of a bread slice could cost up to a lakh.Besides artificial skin, associate professor of department of surgery at the JJ Hospital, Dr Rajat Kapoor, said that epithelial tissues can now be grown in the laboratories. This way, a small patch of skin can be grown into multiple sheets of skin measuring about 10x4 cm. \"It takes two to three weeks, but the results are remarkable,\" he added.In India, burn victims have a tough time because there are very few cadaver skin donations. But, the scenario is fast changing. Former head of Sion Hospital's surgery department Dr Madhuri Gore said that it is only recently that the hospital's skin bank has started getting a good response through cadaver donation . The skin bank was conceptualised 11 years ago, but for many years we received only about five to six donations annually. \"Last year, we got 125 skin donations from cadavers. It has taken more than a decade for people to warm up to the idea,\" said Gore, who had started the city's first skin bank in Sion Hospital. \"But, the demand for skin is still beyond the supply and more awareness has to be created,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12070979", "title": "Nagarjuna turns veg for Sai Baba", "text": "South actor Nagarjuna will soon begin playing the role of Satya Sai Baba in a forthcoming Telugu movie.Nagarjuna is doing everything to get into the skin of the character. The actor believes that inner peace should reflect on the face, and hence has decided to live a close-to ascetic life.The actor, we hear, hardly speaks to anyone, and has even given up non-vegetarian food for the time being. Currently abstaining from any propmtional events, Nagarjuna is doing his bit by endorsing events such as the Cancer Crusaders Invitation Cup, a gold tournament that'll help raise funds and awareness of cancer.Having said this, the actor, we heard, was also readying himself for politics. If that is to be true, we wonder how he'll obtain that inner peace. Already sporting a trimmed beard for his look in the movie, let's hope Nag achieves what he aims to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pau", "code": "12064022", "title": "Ludhiana's under-19 team lift trophy", "text": "PAU: Ludhianas under-19 cricket team played their best shots and won the trophy in the inter-district Dhruv Pandove Tournament that was going on at the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU)s cricket ground. Ludhiana won the final match against Bathinda on Monday, finishing the four-day game in only three days.Team Ludhiana had scored 244 runs in the first innings while Bathindas players scored 114 runs in 42.2 overs in the second innings. Though Team Ludhiana was leading with 24 runs and Bathinda gave them a target of 91 runs, chasing the small target was not easy for the team. Bathindas bowlers made the competition tough, however, the host team did not give up.Amritpal Singh, who was in Team Ludhiana, said it was a great moment to win the final match. Bathinda players were very good and the game was difficult but we are very happy that we could finally defeat them, he said. Sandeep Singh, another player, said the team played with all its heart and the victory has boosted their morale.Ludhiana coach, Charanjeet Bhangu praised Team Ludhianas performance in the entire tournament. Every match was played with concentration. In the finals, our fast bowlers played a vital role, he added.General secretary of Ludhiana District Cricket Association, Vinod Chitkara said after the win in plate group now Ludhiana has made its place in the elite group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067128", "title": "Samantha turns a safe bet", "text": "Filmmakers believe that this actress has a strong market in Telugu and Tamil, though she hasn't delivered a hit here.Samantha may not have single big release or hit to her credit in K-Town but she seems to be sought-after by filmmakers here. The actress started off her career in K-Town with small films like Baana Kathaadi and Moscowin Kaveri and with Neethane Enn Ponnvasantham, has attempted to move into the big league. The actress is currently working on this trilingual with Jiiva, Nani and Aditya Roy Kapur (for Tamil, Telugu and Hindi respectively). So what makes her so saleable? An industry insider says, \"Samantha's last film in Telugu with Mahesh Babu, Dookudu, was a superhit. She has a strong market in Telugu and now with her signing on big films here, filmmakers think she is the best bet for movies that will be released in both markets.\"As far as her remuneration goes, Samantha is reportedly currently charging 75 lakh in Tollywood per flick. Says a source, \"Samantha is probably taking home a lesser salary in K-Town as she is yet to deliver a hit as the leading lady. Plus, she has worked with only smaller actors before. NEP will be a test of sorts for her.\" The actress is seen as more affordable than the two other popular Tollywood girls, Ileana and Anushka, in the south. Moreover, as everyone knows, both these actresses are also extremely choosy about their projects and don't sign on a flick easily -especially in Kollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12054070", "title": "Kareena Kapoor replaces Malaika Arora as the new Munni", "text": "If the buzz is to be believed, Kareena Kapoor will be doing an item number in Dabangg 2.The sequel of Dabangg is getting bigger by the day. If the buzz is to be believed, Kareena Kapoor will be replacing Malaika Arora Khan from the original for an item number in Dabangg 2 .Apparently the makers want to have another item number in the sequel and having Kareena Kapoor would only make it bigger. Malaika Arora Khan, in most probability, would be restricted to only being the producer. When the Dabangg sequel was newly announced, post the success of the original, there were multiple speculations including one that said Amrita Arora would join Malaika Arora for the item song in sequel. Together the sisters would dance with Salman Khan. However the only thing that would be common to the sequel's item number seems to be Salman Khan.Industry insiders insist that the Salman Khan - Kareena Kapoor pairing in Bodyguard was much-liked and so the actress was the right choice. Also Kareena Kapoor hasn't done an item song since Don. So there would be fresh appeal to the item number. Either of the composers from the original, Lalit Pandit or Sajid-Wajid would be composing the song.Dabangg 2 is expected to go on floors in early March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12064748", "title": "Ten years of Godhra carnage, this Ishrat lived to tell her tale", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There are two Ishrat Jahans making CM Narendra Modi government's life difficult today. While one was killed in a fake encounter and the case has resulted in many cops being booked and pushed behind bars. The other is guarded by police as she is a witness to the Naroda Patia massacre. She has recently recorded her statement with special investigation team (SIT) and has vowed to fight for justice till the end. This Ishrat Jahan is a spunky 32-year-old mother of three who lives in Hussain Nagar in Naroda Patia. She was only 22 when she witnessed the horror of mob, including her Hindu neighbours, rummaging through the entire neighbourhood with arms in their hands, looting homes, setting them afire.While Mumbra-based Ishrat Jahan (19) was gunned down in 2004 along with three men - alleged LeT operatives - accompanying her, this Ishrat managed to escape with her husband, two small children and four brothers and sisters. The road to justice however was long for both of them. Incidentally, the SIT was instrumental in getting the wheels of justice move for both of them. In 2011, SIT submitted a report that Ishrat Jahan was killed in a fake encounter and that she was already in police custody before her killing. This led to the investigations now being handed over to CBI. Ishrat Jahan of Naroda Patia became a witness first with the SIT specially appointed by the Supreme Court to probe further into the Naroda Patia massacre.She was a witness to the mayhem but in her words she thought you could be a witness only if your had witnessed a murder. \"I used to stay in Shah Alam relief camp but never gave my statements. I was too worried about how will I survive, will get my sisters married and manage food for my children. It was only in 2008 when I saw SIT team recording statements that I realized that I could be a soldier in the army needed to secure justice for the Naroda Patia where 93 people were killed,\" says Ishrat. This unlettered woman has recorded her statement with SIT and also given her testimony to the court. In the meantime, she also realized that her husband was struggling alone and was not getting enough business to sustain the family.\"He does hand embroidery and the invasion of machines has left him without business. I knew stitching but never earned. Since three years, I started tailoring and now also teach sewing to girls in the locality. I have finally managed to stand on my feet,\" says Ishrat who earns Rs 3,000 per month. She got her two sisters married, one while living in the relief camp and other later. Her brother, however, has wandered on the wrong side of law. \"What happened in 2002 changed him. My focus is to straighten him,\" says Ishrat who says she is confident that her fight for justice will bear fruit. \"I started receiving threat calls the minute I named people, living across the street. But I am not afraid. There is law on my side and there are people who believe that injustice was done. The guilty will be punished,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12062587", "title": "Stratfor was Dow\u2019s Bhopal spy: WikiLeaks", "text": "LONDON: Stratfor, the US intelligence analysis firm, was hired by Dow Chemical to spy on activists protesting against the 1984 Bhopal gas leak, revealed WikiLeaks on Monday. WikiLeaks said that the website has started publishing about 5 million emails from the Texas-based think tank, shedding light on its inner workings.The emails date from July 2004 till December 2011. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange accused Stratfor of running a network of paid informants, monitoring activist groups on behalf of major multinationals and making investments based on its secret intelligence. Stratfor rejected claims that there was anything improper in the way it handled its informants.Interestingly, whereas seemingly large numbers of Stratfor's subscribers and clients work in the US military and intelligence agencies, Stratfor gave complimentary membership to General Hamid Gul, the controversial former head of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), who, according to US diplomatic cables, planned an IED attack on international forces in Afghanistan in 2006.The online anti-secrecy group said it had more than 5 million Stratfor emails and it was putting them out in collaboration with two dozen international media organizations. So far, however, only a small selection of the Stratfor emails appear to have been published to WikiLeaks' website.Julian Assange, the founder of the whistle-blowing website WikiLeaks, said here on Monday that his organisation had started releasing \"The Global Intelligence Files\" of five million emails, said to have been hacked from Texas-based global intelligence company Stratfor's computers by a group called 'Anonymous' last December.The disclosure includes Stratfor's monitoring of activists protesting against the 1984 Bhopal gas leak for Dow Chemical, the American corporation that bought Union Carbide which was responsible for the world's worst industrial disaster.Assange said, \"What is of grave concern is that the targets of this scrutiny are, among others, activist organisations fighting for a just cause.\"According to WikiLeaks, Stratfor fronts as an intelligence publisher, but is in fact a private intelligence agency. Its clients reportedly include Dow Chemical, Lockheed Martin , Northrop Grumman, Raytheon and United States government agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security, the Marines and the Defence Intelligence Agency.On Bhopal, Stratfor analysed the online activities of activists, including the \"yes men\" for Dow Chemical. The activists seek redress for the gas leak that killed more than 15,000 people in Bhopal and caused environmental damage still not repaired. The material shows how a private intelligence agency works and targets individuals for corporate and government clients.Interestingly, whereas seemingly large numbers of Stratfor's subscribers and clients work in the US military and intelligence agencies, Stratfor gave complimentary membership to General Hamid Gul, the controversial former head of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), who, according to US diplomatic cables, planned an IED attack on international forces in Afghanistan in 2006.The emails date from July 2004 till December 2011. They show Stratfor's web of informers, pay-off structure, payment-laundering techniques and psychological methods.For instance, Stratfor's chief executive George Friedman on December 6, 2011, advised an analyst called Reva Bhalla: \"You have to take control of him. Control means financial, sexual or psychological control.\" This was in reference to how to exploit an Israeli intelligence informant providing information on the medical condition of Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez.The material revealed contains privileged information about the US government's attacks against Julian Assange and WikiLeaks and Stratfor's own attempts to subvert WikiLeaks. There are more than 4,000 emails mentioning WikiLeaks or Julian Assange.The emails also expose the revolving door policy in private intelligence companies in the US. Government and diplomatic sources from around the world give Stratfor advance knowledge of global politics and events in exchange for money. The Global Intelligence Files exposes how Stratfor recruited a global network of informants who are paid via Swiss banks accounts and pre-paid credit cards. Stratfor has a mix of covert and overt informants which includes government employees, embassy staff and journalists.The Stratfor emails reveal a company that cultivates close ties with US government agencies and employs former US government staff. Its vice-president for Intelligence, Fred Burton, was formerly a special agent with the State Department's Diplomatic Security Service and deputy chief of the counter-terrorism division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12063953", "title": "MUHS sets up panels to monitor copying", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) has constituted three committees to investigate lapses in the examination system after it came to light that MUHS employees had provided answersheets to four first-year MBBS students, after the examination was over, so that they could write the correct answers.MUHS vice chancellor, Dr Arun Jamkar said that investigations would be conducted by three panels constituted by the Academic Council and the Board of Examination of the university.He added that one panel would be responsible for conducting indepth internal inquiries, the second would evaluate the existing system and suggest remedial measures, while the third committed would examine and evaluate legal remedies to curb malpractices in the examination system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12063715", "title": "Oscar win likely to make the crowd queue up for these Hollywood flicks", "text": "CHENNAI: With 'The Artist' winning a slew of statuettes at the 84th Annual Academy Awards at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, there seems to be renewed interest in the silent film at Sathyam Cinemas in Chennai. Until Monday, the movie wasn't seeing too many takers, but bookings have picked up substantially since the Oscar announcement.Not all Oscar-winning films are as lucky as 'The Artist'; several are not even released in Chennai. Though the Oscars are given in 24 categories and about 15 films bagged awards on Sunday night, only a handful are likely to hit Indian theatres. The reasons vary from financial to logistical, say distributors, theatres owners and production studio executives.\"The movie world is all about money,'' says film distributor and exhibitor Abirami Ramanathan. \"Just because a film has won awards, it does not mean it will be a hit in India,'' he says.Another theatre owner adds that high-action movies do well because they are not dialogue-dependent. \"Even non-English speakers enjoy action films, so we can be sure of ticket sales. This is not the case with more serious, drama-rich movies,'' he says. \"Films need to have a famous actor or star to work here.''A Hollywood production studio executive says the releases are divided into \"revenue'' movies (such as 'Ghostrider' and the 'Spiderman' series) and \"multiplex'' films ('The Descendants' or 'Iron Lady'). Around 70 prints of revenue movies enter the country, while less than 10 prints of multiplex films arrive. \"Some award-winning films will never make it to India because the high cost may not match revenues,'' he says.Timing also plays a role: If a Hollywood film is nominated for an Oscar, its India release is delayed to coincide with the awards ceremony. \"The baseball film 'Moneyball' was released worldwide in October 2011, but when it was nominated for an Oscar, its November release was shifted to February 2012 in India,'' says the production house executive. 'Moneyball', which received six nominations including best picture, scored zero at the awards. But thanks to its lead actor Brad Pitt being relatively better known, the film is hyped at the box-office compared to French film 'The Artist' and period film 'My Week With Marilyn'.The much-awaited thriller 'The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo' is unlikely to come to India. \"The Censor Board is not going to clear it as is, and the director David Fincher does not want any cuts,'' says Swaroop Reddy, managing director, Sathyam Cinemas. The multiplex is showing 'The Artist', 'The Descendants', and 'Moneyball', and will show 'Iron Lady' next week.Reddy adds that the Reliance-Dreamworks production 'The Help', which picked up one Oscar, should release soon. \"Sometimes distributors like to stagger Oscar releases so as not to eat into ticket sales,'' he says, adding that 'The Help' and 'Hugo' might release later.Distributors usually sign deals with theatre owners for a certain number of releases. \"We cannot choose which movies we will show. We screen the number we have signed for. If we're lucky, they will be action entertainers. It's a roll of the dice,'' says Ramanathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12065046", "title": "3 acquitted in Mumbai serial rape case", "text": "MUMBAI: Three people accused in the serial rape case that led to tainted ex-police officer Arun Borude sensationally committing suicide in Ahmednagar district on December 29, 2010 were on Monday acquitted by the sessions court. The acquittals could point to shoddy police investigations yet again, as the judge said that the alleged victim was not a minor in 2010, as the police had claimed.\"The girl is not a minor and is 19 years old. She went willingly,\" said judge S Malpani Pawar, while delivering the verdict in the rape and immoral trafficking case.The sessions court gave all-clear to Shantabai Gaikwad, 43, a resident of Filterpada, Powai, who was accused of pushing the girl into prostitution, and estate agents Chandrabhan Gupta, 45 and Mohanchand Shyam, 47, the Powai residents accused of being Gaikwad's clients.DNA tests had proven that Shyam was the father of a baby the girl gave birth to in October 2010.Borude, who was a senior inspector at L T Marg police station at the time, went missing after the Powai police began investigating the case on November 1, 2010. He wrote to the then police chief saying he was being framed and filed two anticipatory bail pleas, which were rejected by the sessions and high courts. Borude was dismissed from the force and had around 10 police teams on his trail. Finally, after around 50 days on the run, he committed suicide on the Daund-Manmad railway tracks in Shrirampur. It was the same day the chargesheet was filed. Borude was also accused of repeatedly raping the girl, but his name was deleted as the main accused after his death.When the prosecution sought reasons for the acquittals, judge Pawar said the girl was 19 and consented. When asked if the girl could seek compensation, the judge said she was not entitled to it as she was not a victim. More details on the acquittals are expected once the extended judgment copy is released by the court. Neither the victim nor her family members were present in court.The accused were charged under Indian Penal Code Section 376 (rape), 366-A (inducing a minor girl into sex) and various sections of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA). While Gupta had been granted bail, Gaikwad was lodged in the Byculla women's jail and Shyam at Arthur Road jail.At the time the FIR was filed on November 1, 2010, the police had said that the victim was 15 years old and was repeatedly raped by four to five men, including Borude. The rapes allegedly occurred on several occasions during February and March of 2010 in Flat 404 of A Wing, Emerald Court, Andheri (East). Borude and his family resided just opposite, in Flat 403 of A Wing.Borude's name surfaced in the case after the victim's neighbour in the Filterpada slums was accused of introducing the girl to several men, including Borude, in sex-for-cash arrangements. Gaikwad was accused of allegedly inducing the minor to commit sexual acts.The prosecution examined 11 witnesses in the case, including the alleged victim, her mother, the police, a social worker who informed the police about the girl and a DNA expert. The mother and daughter testified in court in September and October of 2011. DNA evidence provided by Dr Varsha Rathod on February 6, 2012, showed Shyam as the baby's father.Defence lawyer Naveen Chomal, who was also Borude's lawyer before his death, said there were several discrepancies between the victim's statements and the prosecution's case. \"In the police statement the victim said that the accused who raped her were young men in their 20s. However, in court she said they were older and aged 45 to 50,\" Chomal said. \"Our main line of defence was that the girl was not a minor and was never forced to commit any act. The mother herself admitted before the court that the girl was 19 years old at the time of the incidents and was having an affair with someone,\" he added. Chomal denied that any of the accused had touched the victim and said if that had happened, it would have been consensual.As soon as the verdict was pronounced at 5.15 pm, Gaikwad ran to her daughter, hugged her and sobbed. \"I was falsely implicated in the case and justice has been done,\" she said. Gupta was accompanied to court by his wife and infant son. His wife cried on hearing the verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063750", "title": "Woman jumps off Subhash Bridge, saved", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 40-year-old woman jumped off Subhash Bridge at 12.30 pm on Monday. She was, however, saved by local slum dwellers and Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials within minutes of her plunging off the bridge.Officials said they received a call at 12.35 pm alerting them about the suicide bid. A team rushed to the spot and started the rescue operation from below the bridge. \"She was drowning but a team plunged in and managed to get her to the ropes near Narayan Ghat. She was then given primary treatment by EMRI 108 officials who had also rushed to the spot,\" said an AFES official.Sabarmati police officials said that the victim is a resident of Vadaj and she refused to divulge into the reason for her suicide bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064666", "title": "High-speed crash kills two on August Kranti Marg", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the second deadly crash in seven days on the arterial August Kranti Marg, two people were killed late on Sunday.A Swift Dzire racing at more than 150kmph rammed into a Honda City before crashing into a tree near the Uday Park bus stand. The Honda City was flung 50 metres by the impact.Mohan Kumar, senior technical officer of AIIMS, who was driving the Swift Dzire died on the spot. Sonia Sethia, a businessman's wife, who was in the back seat of the other car was also killed. The accident took place around 1.30am.Police and eyewitnesses said the incident took place around 1.30am. This is the second accident on August Kranti Marg in a week.Kumar, who was pressing on the gas, lost control after the Honda City suddenly zipped into his lane on the August Kranti Marg after taking a left turn from the Gulmohar Park side, police said.Kumar is a resident of Ayurvigyan Colony in south Delhi while Sonia lives with her family at New Friends Colony. Sethia is a relative of actor Fardeen Khan , who too rushed to AIIMS after hearing the news.Police said Sethia was travelling along with her two drivers - Rajesh, who was driving the car and Keshav who was sitting beside the driver. Both miraculously escaped with minor injuries. Kumar was with his 17-year-old son, Ajay. The victims were taken out by passersby and rushed to hospital. Sethia and Kumar were declared dead on arrival. Kumar's son suffered serious injuries, but is now out of danger.Dr MC Mishra, chief of the AIIMS trauma centre, said, both victims - Sonia Sethia and Mohan Kumar - had suffered severe injuries in the chest and abdomen which caused death.Circumstantial evidence suggests the Swift Dzire was being driven around 150 kmph, police said. \"We have lodged a case of rash driving, causing hurt and causing death due to negligence and are probing the case. The autopsy report is awaited,\" said a senior cop.And hours after the accident, family members gathered outside the AIIMS mortuary. Sonia's husband Rajendra Sethia was in Kolkata and rushed to Delhi after hearing the news.Sonia, her relatives said, was the maternal aunt of Bollywood actor Fardeen Khan, who was present at the mortuary throughout the day and left with the body. Kumar was the sole earning member of the family, and had moved to Delhi from Hisar 25 years back. He had gone with his son Ajay to Gurgaon for attending a marriage function, Mukesh Sharma, a family friend, said. Ajay was seated in the front seat of the car with his father when the accident took place. Kumar is survived by his parents, wife and two sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12066991", "title": "University to relaunch its website", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University will relaunch its website www.mangaloreuniversity.ac.in on February 28. Vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy will dedicate the redesigned website of the University for Public Use as part of the National Science Day function to be held in the university. February 28 is observed as National Science Day in honour of Nobel Laureate CV Raman, who on this day in 1928 announced the discovery of Raman Effect.The website has been made user-friendly and the web design is made in such a way that most of the information can be accessed at a single click.The banner area on the home page gives dynamic visual background containing photographs of the places/events on the campus.A search option on home page makes it easy to locate the desired information. Visitors can share their experience and given suggestions through the contact us option.All the application forms and examination related forms are available in the download area. Other important external links are also provided to the user.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062764", "title": "Congress insiders plot Botsa\u2019s ouster", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and those Congress leaders opposed to transport minister Botsa Satyanarayana are silently supporting TDP's campaign to effect the ouster of the PCC president and excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana from the state cabinet.The high court has directed the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) to submit within three weeks a status report on the raids it has been conducting on the liquor syndicate. And now, the state government appears all set to place more records in the Assembly with the specific aim of embarrassing Botsa.Under fire from all political parties for his connections with the liquor syndicate, Botsa has, of late, not been attending Assembly sessions. Although he has stepped foot on the Assembly premises in the last two days, the PCC president thought better than to enter the House given TDP's relentless campaign against him.Sources in the Congress claimed that those in the party who were opposed to him have been providing grist to the anti-Botsa mill in the form of evidence of the liaison between the PCC president's family and liquor syndicates along with information about the number of liquor licences and bars owned by them.Botsa is now said to be preparing an explanation to be given in the House in another two days, after the completion of the debate on liquor syndicates.Meanwhile, a TDP delegation on Monday met Governor ESL Narasimhan and requested him to direct the CM to dismiss the tainted ministers. It also held a dharna at Gun Park demanding that Botsa and Mopidevi be sacked. On the other hand, deputy chief minister Damodar Raja Narsimha is learnt to be unhappy with the CM's divide and rule strategy and is now said to be ready to work in tandem with the PCC president to plot Kiran Kumar's downfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12067349", "title": "Water supply tops Mysore zila parishad's priority ahead of summer", "text": "MYSORE: Ahead of summer season, the Mysore ZP is bracing to tackle drinking water crisis in rural areas. It is devising a two-month action plan, which will be put in place from early March, and setting up a 24X7 helpline at each of the seven taluk headquarters, and appointing nodal officers. The ZP is seeking load shedding timetable from Chamundeshwari Electricity Supply Company (Cesc) to plan better. According to ZP CEO G Sathyavathi, there is no dearth of funds either. The ZP has taken the water issue on top priority being aware of the demand for it when the summer peaks from March. As surface water supply is rare in the rural areas, the ZP is dependent on borewells to meet the demand.\"During summer, the yield dips and we've to rejuvenate them and go for additional tube wells,\" the CEO told reporters on Monday. The government has released Rs 25 lakh to tackle the situation , while the ZP already has Rs 1 crore released by the district administration under calamity relief fund. The government has released Rs 50 lakh to some pockets which are traditionally hit by supply like Kavalande in Nanjangud. She said there are no cases of jaundice reported from rural areas.The ZP is extending benefits to 53,463 beneficiaries under various schemes during a mega event, to be attended by the chief minister, at Maharaja's College grounds on Saturday. People will get benefits under 53 schemes extended by 16 departments. \"The beneficiaries have been selected by Gram Sabhas and roaster system is adhered to for the purpose,\" Sathyavathi stated.She discounted Mysore MP H Vishwanath's assertion that the beneficiaries are getting benefits because of the Centre-sponsored programmes. \"They are all state-driven programmes. There will be funding by the central government,\" she added. There will also be a health camp on March 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12065051", "title": "Priyanka takes music teacher to Darjeeling", "text": "Most heroines may take their makeup artists and hair stylists along for an outdoor shoot but Priyanka Chopra also tags along her music teacher.Priyanka, who has been paying much attention to her singing tuition before the launch of her debut music album, had taken her trainer Samantha Edwards to Darjeeling on the sets of Anurag Basu's Barfi!Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the actress had been busy practising music before and after the shoot. Interestingly, co-star Ranbir Kapoor joined Priyanka in her lessons too.A unit member told Mumbai Mirror, \"It was a ten day schedule in Darjeeling. Priyanka used to have her music lessons every day after pack up. Ranbir used to join her at times. Priyanka left the Barfi! schedule on Monday to join the Krrish 3 unit in Hyderabad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062934", "title": "Two stab, rob senior citizen", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men, posing as representatives of a cooking gas firm, robbed a senior citizen of Rs 2.4-lakh ornaments after attacking her with a knife at her Goregaon home on Monday.Sangeeta Shenoy (62), who has been hospitalized with deep injuries on her hands, was alone at home when the accused struck. She stays in Sharma Estate in Goregaon (E).Supriya works at JP Morgan, while her husband, Sudhakar, is employed with an automobile company. Her son and daughter-in-law are settled in Dubai , and her daughter, Supriya, is going to be married in April. The police susoect that the accused must have gathered all this information while conducting a recce before striking. \"The robbers probably expected to find a large stash of ornaments. So far, we have learnt that whatever ornaments Sangeeta was wearing, which are worth Rs 2.4 lakh, have been robbed. We are probing if more jewellery has been stolen from her cupboard,\" the police said.Around 1.30pm, the duo arrived at the Shenoys' home, saying they had come to take the reading of her gas meter. As she led them into the kitchen, the men pulled out a knife and threatened Sangeeta with dire consequences if she yelled, the police said. They bound her hands with a cord, taped them together and also taped her mouth, before fleeing with her gold chain, ring and two bangles. When she tried to resist, the men stabbed her repeatedly on her hands, the police said.\"After the two fled, Sangeeta managed to pull the tape off her hands and rushed into the next falt where the residents summoned other neighbours,\" said Mohan Patel, a neighbour. Patel alleged that the police took an hour to arrive, that too, after a politician intervened. \"We took Sangeeta to a nursing home but they were not ready to treat her till cops gave the go-ahead,\" he added.The police are waiting for Sangeeta to recover to record her statement. \"A message has been sent to police stations to look out for two men with knives and gold,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12063979", "title": "Ludhiana basketball academy beat hoshiarpur", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the first day of the 62nd Punjab basketball championship for men and women , which commenced from Monday, Ludhiana Basketball Academy beat Hoshiarpur by 75-27 points, Muktsar beat Sangrur by 67-37 points and Ferozepur beat Bathinda by 49-40 points in the mena??s category. One of the four matches scheduled were not played due to the failure of electricity. General secretary of the Ludhiana Basketball Academy, Teja Singh Dhaliwal said teams from 7 districts had reached Ludhiana on the first day and around 30 teams from various districts would participate in this championship.He said they have accommodated all the teams in various educational institutes. Sports promoter, Surinder Singh inaugurated the championship in which vice president of the Punjab Basketball Association, Yurinder Singh Hayer, was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12064128", "title": "Kajauli water works: Irrigation dept files reply in HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana government filed its reply in a case of distribution of water from Kajauli water works in Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday. It has accused Chandigarh administration of not fulfilling the stipulated terms and conditions of the agreement.Engineer-in-chief of Haryana irrigation department Harmail Singh, who submitted the reply in the court, stated that the Haryana government has agreed to Chandigarh using its share in phases V and VI of Kajauli water works.However, this approval was subject to various conditions which the Chandigarh administration did not fulfill.\"In a meeting held in May 2010, Haryana government had agreed to give its share of water. The condition was that Chandigarh administration would construct the carrier channel to deliver Haryana's share of 12 cusecs of water each day. Besides, Chandigarh would also pay the charges of utilization of raw water, which was meant for Panchkula but was consumed by Chandigarh,\" stated the reply.The court has fixed April 17 as the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12064768", "title": "MSRTC plans 38 AC Volvos", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) will soon operate 38 air-conditioned Volvos, of which 10 will have semi-sleeper facilities for passengers. Most of the buses will be deployed on the Mumbai-Pune route, while the semi-sleeper buses will operate on long-distance routes.Sources in the transport body said there were plans to launch more routes now that the civic elections are over and the code of conduct is no longer effective. \"We plan more buses on the Mumbai-Goa , Mumbai-Hyderabad and Mumbai-Nashik routes,\" said MSRTC managing director Deepak Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12062482", "title": "Noida rape: Cops get flak for revealing victim's identity", "text": "NOIDA: The police on Monday caught Neeraj Singh, the last accused in Friday night's rape of a class X student, but faced severe criticism for their insensitive handling of the case. Women's groups and statutory bodies expressed outrage at the police illegally disclosing the victim's identity and making coloured remarks about her character at Sunday's press conference. They also took note of the discrepancies in the account presented at the conference, the press note issued by the police, and the victim's own report of the crime.Taking note of reports about SP city Anant Dev Tiwari letting out details of the victim at the conference, the UP Commission of Women issued a notice to the state police as well as the home secretary demanding a factual report. The cops faced flak from National Commission for Protection of Child Rights even as women and child development minister Krishna Tirath wrote to the UP chief secretary demanding action.At the conference, the SP had told reporters the victim knew the accused and accompanied them willingly, but the girl maintained she was blackmailed into accompanying them. The SP claimed she was gang raped in a moving car but the girl said she was raped at a secluded spot near Sector 53. On Monday, Tiwari denied disclosing the girl's identity and blamed his subordinates for inserting the victim's particulars in the press note.While the five accused were remanded to judicial custody by a local court, an embarrassed state police seemed in damage control mode with IG (Meerut range) Rajiv Krishna and the state's ADG (law &amp; order) Subesh Kumar seeking detailed reports of the incident. The additional SP (crime) will examine the media clips of the conference where the SP revealed the details.However, the victim is yet to get any help or counseling. Her mother said they had visited the district hospital on Monday for tests to ascertain the girl's age but did not seek therapy. \"My daughter is in trauma. The police have not only disclosed her identity but also pinned the blame on her by suggesting she chose to drink vodka with the boys and invited rape.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12065050", "title": "Security, not sops can woo Muslims: Shabnam Hashmi", "text": "The clamoring for Muslim votes began even before the 2012 vidhan sabha elections were notified. With the election all set to enter the last two phases with a large number of Muslim seats, this race has only intensified. Muslim rights activist Shabnam Hashmi, however says its high time political parties should stop looking at Muslims as a mere votebank ...Q: What, in you opinion, makes political parties assume that Muslims are a votebank ?A: Muslims never vote en masse' . They are as heterogeneous as any other community. In fact, I feel that they never vote for 'X' or 'Y' party on the insistence of anyone . Though I wonder what makes political parties see them as a vote-bank , I assume that religious leaders hobnobbing with politicians give this impression.Q: Were expectations from BSP government fulfilled? Did Muslims benefit in five years of Mayawati rule?A: First of all, expectations from UP as such, are higher because of a rich heritage of tolerance and composite culture. Hopes swelled further with Mayawati taking charge of the state as she is one from the sufferers' group. People largely expected that her government would be more sensitive towards the problems being faced by the marginalized ones. But I feel that the five-year term had been disappointing.Q: What is the biggest issue the community largely thinks needs urgent attention?A: Security is the biggest issue as far as Muslims in UP are concerned . The fear of being identified or profiled as a terrorist gives sleepless nights to Muslims in the state, particularly Azamgarh , Mau and other eastern districts . The police and investigating agencies need to be more sensitive towards this issue. This sense of vulnerability comes in the way of their natural way of life. The sudden drop in number of school-going Muslim children from primary to secondary level is an example. In a way, security not sops can woo Muslims.Q: What is the biggest reason for Muslim community's alleviation ?A: Low standards of education. School enrollment of Muslim children is higher than many other communities but the drop at the secondary level is drastic - from 56.6% at primary to just 10.3% at the secondary level. This, along with the sizeable portion of Muslims who don't enter education system at all, adversely affects their socio-economic life.Q: Muslims living in extremely poor condition often call themselves as Dalit Muslims and demand inclusion in the listof scheduledcastes.Doyou think this is in their interest?A: Indeed it is. In fact, this holds true for Dalit Christians as well. Reservation can help because they can increase accessibility of education and jobs.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12065019", "title": "No compensation for petitioner in Mumbai serial rape case", "text": "MUMBAI: Arun Borude, who was a senior inspector at L T Marg police station at the time of the rape, went missing after the Powai police began investigating the case on November 1, 2010. He wrote to the then police chief saying he was being framed and filed two anticipatory bail pleas, which were rejected by the sessions and high courts. Borude was dismissed from the force and had around 10 police teams on his trail. Finally, after around 50 days on the run, he committed suicide on the Daund-Manmad railway tracks in Shrirampur. It was the same day the chargesheet was filed. Borude was also accused of repeatedly raping the girl, but his name was deleted as an accused after his death.DNA tests had proven that Mohanchand Shyam was the father of a baby the girl gave birth to in October 2010.When asked if the girl could seek compensation, the judge said she was not entitled to it as she was not a victim . Neither the victim nor her family members were present in court.The accused were charged with rape, inducing a minor girl into sex and under sections of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act. While Gupta had been granted bail, Gaikwad was lodged in the Byculla women's jail and Shyam at Arthur Road jail.At the time the FIR was filed on November 1, 2010, the police said the victim was 15 years old and was repeatedly raped by four to five men, including Borude. The rapes allegedly occurred on several occasions in Flat 404 of A Wing, Emerald Court, Andheri (East). Borude and his family resided just opposite, in Flat 403 of A Wing.Borude's name surfaced in the case after the victim's neighbour in the Filterpada slums, Shantabai Gaikwad, was accused of introducing the girl to several men.The prosecution examined 11 witnesses, including the alleged victim, her mother, the police, a social worker who informed the police about the girl and a DNA expert. The mother and daughter testified in September and October of 2011. DNA evidence provided by Dr Varsha Rathod on February 6, 2012, showed Shyam as the baby's father.Defence lawyer Naveen Chomal, who was also Borude's lawyer before his death, said there were several discrepancies between the victim's statements and the prosecution's case. \"In the police statement the victim said that the accused who raped her were in their 20s. However, in court she said they were 45 to 50,\" Chomal said. \"Our main defence was that the girl was not a minor and was never forced to commit any act. The mother herself admitted before the court that the girl was 19 at the time of the incidents and was having an affair with someone,\" he added. Chomal said the accused didn't touch the victim, and if that happened it would have been consensual.When the verdict was pronounced at 5.15 pm, Gaikwad ran to her daughter , hugged her and sobbed. \"I was falsely implicated; justice has been done,\" she said. Gupta was accompanied to court by his wife and infant son. His wife cried on hearing the verdict. Girl InterruptedThe alleged victim lived with her mother, two sisters, brother and sister-in-law in Filterpada, Powai. She studied till Std VII in Powai Corporation School, an Urdumedium school. Before the girl made the accusations, she had been allegedly threatened that her family would be killed if she didn't keep quiet. When the girl's mother found her daughter five months pregnant, she refused to divulge any details. In October 2010, the girl suffered complications postdelivery and was taken to Rajawadi hospital. A social worker then alerted the police to the case. The victim was kept in a welfare home. When examined in court, she admitted that she had threatened to kill herself if not released from the homeShantabai Gaikwad 43A resident of Filterpada, Powai, she lived with her three sons in a lane behind the girl's house. Gaikwad, a house maid, and the alleged victim's family were neaighbours and friends. The girl visited Shantabai's house to watch TV. Shantabhai was accused of pushing the girl into the flesh trade after the latter sought Rs 200 to buy milk for her niece. Gaikwad was accused of taking her to the accused. The girl was also allegedly raped by an unidentified man and dismissed cop Arun Borude. Gaikwad supposedly paid the girl on only two occasions. Gaikwad was arrested in November 2010 and has been behind bars sinceChandrabhan Gupta 45An estate agent, he was accused of being the first man to rape the girl. He was accused of doing this at a flat owned by another accused. according to the police, the girl was initially taken to the house on the pretext of cleaning it. When the girl pleaded to be freed, she was allegedly told that Gaikwad had already been paid all the money. The girl identified Gupta in court. He was the only person whoMohanchand Shyam 47", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12067089", "title": "Optimize tax collection: Expert tells HDMC", "text": "HUBLI: H S B Aradhya, retd. deputy commissioner of BBMP suggested the HDMC to increase advertisement tax so as to optimize resource collection.Telecommunication and car parking should also come under the tax net, he said.Speaking at a symposium on 'Resource collection and property tax,' at the HDMC premises here on Monday, he said the HDMC should impose 50 per cent tax on car parking charges collected by private agencies. Also a two per cent tax should be levied on stamp duty collection as administrative expenses. He also advised the corporation to increase property and other taxes by 15 to 30 per cent once in three years so that it does not burden the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12064336", "title": "\u2018Toll hatao\u2019 committee to protest against \u2018unfair\u2019 detention of members in January", "text": "GURGAON: In a show of solidarity with the 45 agitators who were arrested by the police during a protest on January 29 at the 32-lane plaza, members of Toll Hatao Sangarsh Samiti plan to hold a demonstration in front of district court on Wednesday morning when the court was to hear the case.Forty-five people were arrested on charges of disturbing public peace under sections 107/151 of IPC. They were later let out on bail.Attar Singh Sandhu, Samiti coordinator, said, ''We will sit for peaceful protest in front of gate No. 1 from 9am to 1pm.Around 1,000 residents from Gurgaon are expected to join the demonstration.\"Sandhu added that the protest is against wrongful detention of people. ''We oppose the arrest and once again reiterate our demand for the removal of the toll plaza,\" members added.Samiti members said they would also decide on the next ''big\" protest at the Wednesday meeting. Last time, despite a high court order, around 400 agitators forced open the toll gates at the 32-lane plaza for about 40 minutes on January 29. The protesters, under the banner of Toll Hatao Sangharsh Samiti, have been demanding the removal of toll plazas from the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12063424", "title": "Mercury rises to 36.7 deg celsius", "text": "PUNE: At 36.7 degrees celsius, the mercury rose to a new high for the month of February in the city on Monday. This was four notches above the normal mark.Monday's maximum temperature also surpasses the 36 degrees celsius that was recorded as the fifth hottest day for February over the last one decade. The India Meteorological Department has forecast the maximum temperature to be around 37 degrees Celsius, while the minimum around 15 to 16 degrees celsius in the next 48 hours.\"While there is no criteria for declaring the beginning of summer, the prevailing temperature pattern can be seen as a sign of the beginning of summer season,'' IMD's deputy director general (weather central) Medha Khole told TOI on Monday.\"We expect the day temperatures to go up further as the season advances. For now, mainly clear sky conditions prevail and the apparent movement of the sun in the northern hemisphere is bound to take the temperatures further up,'' she said.However, the IMD is expecting some fluctuations in terms of the rise and fall in the night temperatures for the next few days. \"This is mainly due to the westerly systems,'' Khole said, while pointing out that a western disturbance prevails over north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu and Kashmir.She said, \"The system is expected to move in the east-northeastward direction and when it will move away from the Indian region, we expect some fall in the night temperatures.''The India Meteorological Department has forecast the maximum temperature to be around 37 degrees celsius, while the minimum around 15 to 16 degrees celsius in the next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064805", "title": "Towards stress-free exams", "text": "Guidelines For Marathi PaperStudents must always attempt objective-type questions first and follow them with grammar questions. They should also clear comprehension part of paper before they get to answering short notes or big questions. \"This way, the students get to go through questions where they can surely score. Detailed answers must always be attempted at the end so that they can then only concentrate on the answers,\" said Vitthal Gaikar, a teacher from Anjuman-I-Islam Allana English High School. He said the 'Rapid Reader' question, which carries eight marks, can be handled to your advantage. \"Four questions will be asked from four topics, so students can study two thoroughly and attempt answers from them only and get marks,\" Gaikar said.Guidelines For Hindi PaperSince languages are always lengthy and students spend a lot of time in writing detailed answers, they often miss out on attempting the full paper due to lack of time. It is therefore important to attempt objective-type questions first. \"Objective questions must be followed with grammar questions and then letter-writing and essay,\" said Attaullah Haq, a Hindi teacher. He said brief answers and short notes should be attempted at the end and time should be kept for that section. \"Students must attempt previous years' question papers at home to get an idea of how much time they can spend,\" Haq said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062896", "title": "11 held for practising \u2018witchcraft\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eleven persons were arrested on Monday from different areas in the Old City for allegedly practising witchcraft and cheating the public.According to sources, the arrested persons were luring gullible people by claiming to cure ailments and solving personal and professional problems. \"They charge anywhere between Rs 20 and Rs 50 on the first visit. But on subsequent visits, they begin charging more. One person we arrested was able to build a house in a year after he quit his job as a welder and took up witchcraft,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12064225", "title": "Bihar agri road map comes under House scanner", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar legislative assembly on Monday initiated a two-day debate on the agriculture road map with members offering suggestions to enhance agriculture yield and making rainbow revolution a success in the state.About two dozen members from different parties participated in the debate as the duration of debate was extended by the chair at the CM's behest. \"After getting feedback from legislators, the road map may be altered and all necessary aspects included,\" Nitish said and sought a consensus on the final draft.Manjit Kumar Singh of the JD (U) started the debate. When Vinod Narayan Jha (BJP) was called to speak, leader of the opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui raised a point of order, saying in the budget session no special debate could be held before the debate on budget. He quoted Rules of Business and said that no meeting of the business advisory committee was held to schedule the debate. He hastened to add that his party was not against debate on the subject.Speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary said the debate was pre-scheduled and the members had been duly informed.Water resources minister Vijay Kumar Chowdhary countered Siddiqui and quoted rules to say that no debate could be held on budget for five days after its presentation. Road construction minister Nand Kishore Yadav accused Siddiqui of attempting to stall debate on an important issue.Durga Prasad (RJD), Tauseef Alam (Cong), Jyoti Rashmi (Ind), Manorama Prasad (JD-U), Pradip Kumar and Rana Gangeshwar, both BJP, were among those who spoke on the issue. Alam spoke about tea plantations and wanted more facilities to tea growers and workers. Most speakers stressed on providing better irrigation facilities to farmers.The agri road map involves 18 departments like water resources, animal husbandry and fisheries resources, rural works department, food and civil supplies, minor irrigation, cooperative and others.The road map seeks to increase paddy output from about 56 lakh tonnes at present to 93.63 lakh tonnes by 2017 and 126 lakh tonnes by 2022. Wheat production is sought to be increased from about 50 lakh tonnes to 65.75 lakh tonnes by 2017 and 72 lakh tonnes by 2022. The production of oilseeds is targeted to be increased from 1.49 lakh tonnes to 4.5 lakh tonnes by 2022.The agri road map for five years (2012-17) will have a budget of Rs 1.52 lakh crore and for 13th five-year plan (2017-22), another Rs 1.17 lakh crore. During 2012-17, the government will invest Rs 1.28 lakh crore, while the rest will come through private investment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062853", "title": "City pilot who fell to death was not drunk", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Borivli youth Jonathan Fernandes, who was killed after a fall from a building in Delhi last year, has demanded to know the progress made in the case. The family is yet to plan their next course of action but is relieved that the forensic report, which has just come out, clarified that their son wasn't drunk at the time.The students with whom Jonathan was attending a birthday bash had told Delhi police that he was \"heavily drunk\" when he fell off the terrace on June 26, 2010. However, the report stated he was not under influence of alcohol. Jonathan (24) was a drummer with the popular band 'Reverse Polarity' and had completed a flying course in the US. He was in Delhi to procure a pilot's licence for flying in India.\"Our main concern is to clear my son's name. He was the same person at home as he was with his friends,\" his mother, Priscilla, said. \"I have seen the place where Jonathan fell from. There was no parapet to the terrace. There was a shaft in the building and nothing to break his fall. His friends gave different versions. Someone even asked my husband to tell the police we didn't suspect foul play.\"The Fernandes family said the Delhi police did not get back to them with the case progress. \"The cops haven't given us his clothes. I got his phone from a friend. They just gave his ATM card and driving licence. We wonder whether the first-hand information of witnesses has been noted,\" Priscilla added.Friends have uploaded Jonathan's photographs on a Facebook page called 'Justice for Jonathan'. The page's founders have stated, \"Legal action shall be taken against those who have made false claims in the public arena about his character.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12065116", "title": "Burglar stabs cop in thigh , flees", "text": "PUNE: A police constable was injured when a burglar he had nabbed after a hot chase stabbed him in the left thigh with a sharp weapon at Vishalnagar in Pimple Nilakh on Monday. The burglar escaped after attacking the constable. While two of his accomplices also managed to get away, afourth man was nabbed by the police.The constable, Anil Shelke (25), sustained severe injuries in his thigh and has been admitted to the Aundh civil hospital. He is said to be in a stable condition.Investigations have revealed that the four burglars belong to the same gang that had broken into 12 flats in two housing societies in Pimple Saudagar on February 21. The burglar who was arrested, Santoshsingh Gopalsingh Dudhani (40), of the Mulanagar slums in old Sangvi, has a police record. He has several cases of burglary and vehicle theft registered against him.Dudhani identified the other three burglars as Papasingh Dayalsingh Dudhani, Lakkadsingh Sheetalsingh Dudhani and Rajusingh Dudhani . A team has been sent to Lonavla to trace the suspects.Senior inspector Shantaram Taydeof the Sangvi police station said they were informedby the policecontrol room around 4 am on Monday that some men had broken into an office at Silver Space housing society at Pimple Nilakh . Constables Shelke andVikasM adke and assistant police inspector Shabbir Sayyed and his team rushed to the society .Speaking to TOI, Sayyed said they saw a white car parked outside the society . \"Two men were sitting in the rear seat . I took out my service pistol and went to the car. As I neared the vehicle , one of the men rushed out shouting that he was not a thief, but the security guard of a neighbouring building . He said the other man was a thief, whom we later identified as Dudhani ,\" he said . In the mean time , Shelke and the other policemen saw three men running down the stairs of the'D'building in the society . Shelke told TOI :\"Two suspects escaped in the dark , while one climbed up the compound wall and jumped over .I climbed the wall too and jumped into the open ground beyond . After chasing the man over some distance , I caught him . However , he immediately pulled out a sharp weapon and stabbed me in the thigh . The other policemen soon reached the spot but the man had escaped by then .\"Sayyed said he took Dudhani to the police station while the other policemen took Shelke to hospital . \"The burglars stole a laptop and a camera from the office . The white car was stolen from Mohannagar in Chinchwad on February 18 . The owner of the car had registered a complaint with the police . We found crowbars and other weapons in the car ,\" he said .The police said that before breaking into the office at Silver Space society , the burglars had gone to Sapphire Park society next door . The security guard there , Deepak Kothayat , said the burglars overpowered him . \"When they did not find anything in the building, they came down and forced me to get into the white car . They robbed meof Rs500 and drove to Silver Space society . The watchman of that society was inside his room . When I saw a police officer with a pistol, I rushed out of the car and saved myself,\" Kothayat said.Pune police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar announced a cash reward of Rs 25,000 for the Sangvi police team . The reward includes Rs 10,000 for injured constable Anil Shelke. The suspects have been booked under sections 333, 397 , 458 and 459 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063813", "title": "Now take online appointment to get learner\u2019s licence", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Getting a driving license just got easier. The state government has launched an online appointment for getting a learners driving license at several office of the Road Transport Offices.The state finance minister Vajubhai Vala on Monday informed the assembly that the government has introduced a new system for online appointment for getting a learner's driving license. A person wishing to get the learner's license can now take prior appointment. And, the RTO is likely to grant the applicant's wish without making him stand in a queue.Vala further said that also the test for the driver's license will now be monitored by cameras. Earlier where the RTO inspectors use to judge the driver, the cameras and computers will now judge them.Vala in reply to the question of Sabarmati BJP MLA Geetaben Patel said that the income of the Ahmedabad RTO was Rs 333.80 crore. The income has increased by Rs 45.70 crore in the year 2011 from Rs 288.10 crore in the year 2010.Of the total income Rs 28.42 crore was received as fees for the registration and licenses. He further said that the income from vehicle tax was Rs 281.18 crore.The transport department had said that the Ahmedabad RTO had issued 1,69,407 driving licenses. With the increasing pressure on the existing RTOs, the state government has decided to bifurcate the existing RTOs.The state will open three more RTOs. These include a second RTO in Surat (Pal area), Vadodara (Darjipura area) and third RTO office in Ahmedabad for rural areas in Bavla. Ahmedabad already has a RTO near Subhash bridge and second one in Vastral in Ahmedabad east. Bavla will be the third one in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12064317", "title": "Israel sees scope for farm cooperation", "text": "NAGPUR: Israel sees a vast opportunity in the field of agriculture in India. Consul general Ornav Sagiv is in the city for an official function and to follow up on the agriculture research centre which the two countries are setting up. \"Nagpur is the first city in Maharashtra where we will be starting the research centre for citrus fruits. Farmers in this region can benefit from advanced technology we use in Israel and we hope that trade in the sector will also benefit,\" said Sagiv.When Israel was created as an independent country over 60 years ago, about 65% of the population was into agriculture. Still, there was not enough food for the small population of around six lakh. In 2012, the country's population is around eight million and only 2.4% of it is into agriculture. \"But we are exporting our produce. This is due to technological innovations we introduced to overcome natural obstacles like shortage of water. We invented the drip irrigation system in 1960s and research has shown that the yield is three times more,\" said Sagiv.The research centre is expected to be ready by May and scientists from Israel will be visiting it and sharing their technology with local farmers to help improve productivity. \"It is a mutually beneficial move and we hope that both countries can work together in various other fields. For Nagpur specifically, I feel we can also join hands when it comes to water. Israel has developed expertise in water recycling, desalination and security which can work in your favour. Back home, we recycle about 85% of our water and that helps us counter the arid weather,\" said Sagiv.On her maiden trip to Nagpur, Sagiv was impressed with the bounty of wildlife in the region. \"If Nagpur has such rich wildlife within an hour's drive it must be promoted in Israel. About 40,000 Israelis visit India annually and they go to the regular spots like Mumbai, Delhi, Agra and some northern hill stations. People from Israel would love to come and see the tiger in the wild. For that, proper marketing of infrastructure needs to be done,\" she added.In 1992, Israel and India's bilateral trade stood at $180 million but by 2011 it touched $5 billion. Almost 50% of it is in diamonds and precious stones and both countries are trying to work out a free-trade agreement which might push the bilateral trade up by another 200-300%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nandigama", "code": "12063164", "title": "Court orders criminal proceedings against unauthorized private school", "text": "NANDIGAMA: A junior civil judge ordered the authorities to file criminal proceedings against a noted private school here on Monday. The judge also directed filing of cases against the deputy educational officer of Nandigama region for allowing the school to function without any requisite permissions.Dealing with a complaint filed by Shaik Karimulla, father of a student of Bhashyam Public School, junior civil judge Karanam Chiranjeevulu called for detailed reports from the government departments concerned on the breach of rules by the school. The complainant alleged that the school management deceived his son by not providing basic infrastructure and had failed to get the required permission from the government to conduct the classes.While education and municipal departments confirmed the violations, the judge summoned school director Ramakrishna. Zonal manager of the school, Manoj Kumar , appearing for Ramakrishna, filed a written affidavit before the court that they have never promised the students of securing permissions from the government before running the school.Delivering the judgment on Monday, Chiranjeevulu said that cases against Ramakrishna, Manoj Kumar, principal Madhusudan Reddy, area incharge Venkatrao and deputy educational officer George Raju be booked under sections 420 of IPC and section 84 (A) of AP Educational Act, 1982.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12062431", "title": "547 voters registered at one house in Sec 53", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the district goes to polls today, a huge number of discrepancies have emerged in the voters' list and photo ID cards issued by the district administration. In the supplementary list released by the district administration in the first week of February, around 3,000 addresses have got the residence number of the voters as '0'. On the other hand, in the voters' list, there are at least 118 such residential addresses from where 50 or more voters have been issued photo identity cards.Noida has 4,14,198 voters out of which 61,000 are new voters. A total of 2,857 voters, whose names figure in 57 different parts of the supplementary list, do not have the residence number on the voter list.The maximum number of voters from a single residential address is 609 from house number 81 in the Kanshiram Awaas Colony in sector 45. This is followed by house number 1 of Gijhaur village in sector 53 from where the total number of voters issued photo identity cards stands at 547. House number 1 of Naya Bans village in sector 15 has 362 voters.The district administration has, however, claimed that it has conducted a verification of the matter and has maintained that all voters are genuine and would not be barred from casting their ballots in any manner.\"The discrepancies, where, the residence number has been printed as '0' is largely due to errors in feeding data in the computer,\" said district magistrate of Gautam Buddh Nagar, Hirdesh Kumar. \"The errors have cropped up because boxes against house numbers in the forms were not filled up online which then automatically assigned the number '0' to each,\" added Kumar.With such large number of discrepancies, where hundreds of voters have been registered from a single house, it has been an alarm for candidates of different political parties who feel that the polls might be rigged by bogus voters.\"In the villages, most of the buildings have been hired out as hostels and for paying guests. Many voters reside in a single building and there has been a clerical error in entering the residential address of all voters from the same building without mentioning the individual house numbers,\" said Kumar.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12065147", "title": "Sleepless In Seattle writer pens Rajiv Gandhi biopic", "text": "Ashutosh Gowariker has roped in screenplay writer and director David S Ward of Sleepless In Seattle fame,to write the script of the Rajiv Gandhi biopic.The film will be directed by Bhavna Talwar and go on floors by the end of this year.Ward will spend the next year in Delhi tracking the life of the famous politician.When contacted Bhavna Talwar confirmed, \"Yes, it's David Ward who will write my film on Rajiv Gandhi. Initially I thought of scripting it myself but I decided against it for two reasons. One, I wanted an outsider's perspective on Rajiv Gandhi. I know Ward's work, he possesses the sensitivity to pull it off effectively. Secondly, if I concentrated on writing the film I'd have no time for all the other vast preparation required to start the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "st cruz", "code": "12064728", "title": "St Cruz battle will go down to the wire", "text": "ST CRUZ: There is considerable 'buzz' in St Cruz about the fast-approaching assembly elections, but that is hardly a surprise in a constituency where the richest politician, an influential minister and someone who has ruled the constituency, although by proxy, for close to two decades are battling for space and votes.Unfailingly each morning, vehicles go around the villages of St Cruz, Merces and Chimbel-constituting the constituency-exhorting the voters to make their choice wisely.While independent candidate Rudolf Fernandes pleads to \"guard your fields and remain vigilant\", Taleigao's Congress MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate points an accusing finger at just how far St Cruz has lagged in the last two decades. Not to be left behind, Dinar Tarcar of the BJP seeks \"just one chance\" to implement all the plans he has for the constituency.This is undoubtedly a multi-choice for the voters but, not surprisingly, not many will voice their choice in the open. It is this suspense and the sheer competitive weight that has made the result, or even the favourite, difficult to predict.\"Let the newspapers or anyone say anything. They say I am number one on one day and number three the next. I am not bothered about what anyone says. I have full faith in the voters. They have been welcoming,\" says Monserrate, who clinched the Congress ticket at the cost of four-time legislator Victoria 'Mummy' Fernandes. The septuagenarian has left the seat for her son, Rudolf, to retain.Education minister Monserrate likens his competitors to hares and calls himself the proverbial tortoise who, slowly but steadily, would win the electoral race. \"I am the tortoise. Let the hares run as fast as they can and wait for me at the finish line. I will pip them at the post there,\" says Monserrate, adding that he is fighting the elections mainly on two planks-\"development and employment\".\"I will provide a job in each family. How I do it is my look out. My record speaks for myself,\" boasts Monserrate, who has finished campaigning in St Cruz and Merces and is now focusing his energy in Chimbel, the reported stronghold of Rudolf.Rudolf, on the other hand, probably knows the constituents better than anyone else. That's hardly a surprise since he has been at the forefront of Mummy's campaigns here for the last two decades. He has managed to strike a rapport with his voters but whether this rapport translates into votes remains to be seen.\"The response is phenomenal. I have never seen such kind of a response. Even this area which were traditionally not supporting us, are now on our side,\" says Rudolf, pointing to the houses just across the Kadamba road.Rudolf claims he can win close to 50% of the total vote share and harps on his proximity to the voters and his accessibility. \"I know most of my voters by name. My house is forever open to them,\" he insists.Then there is Tarcar, officially the richest candidate. The alliance candidate of MGP and BJP is new to St Cruz politics. Having contested the last elections in Panaji on a Congress ticket, this time around he's gaining ground despite the vote bank remaining traditionally unchanged.\"Give me the chance to see the development that you deserve,\" Tarcar has been telling voters across the constituency.Pedro Pires contesting on the Communist Party of India (CPI) ticket has been painstakingly knocking on each door, while Dinesh Nair and Henry Lobo, both contesting as independents, are known associates of Rudolf. Joe Lopes and Xavier Cardo are the other independents in the fray. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12067458", "title": "UP polls: Arvind Kejriwal fails to cast vote as name missing from voters' list", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal faced some protests on Tuesday as he decided to leave for Goa for campaigning without casting his vote in the UP polls but in an anti-climax he could not exercise his franchise as his name was missing from the electoral rolls.Kejriwal was expected to cast his vote at a polling station in Indirapuram area, but he left in the morning for Delhi to catch a flight for Goa.However, some persons protested against his action which prompted Kejriwal to return to the polling booth.However, his name was missing in the voters' list.\"I have a voters identity card. My name was in the voters' list on the earlier occasions,\" he said.Some voters who were inconvenienced by the media glare on Kejriwal outside the polling booth also shouted slogans.Asked about him initially deciding not to cast his votes, Kejriwal said the Team Anna programme in Goa was finalised a month ago and at that time, they did not realise that the voting day and campaigning programme would clash.Assembly elections 2102 newsUP polls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12065124", "title": "Nagpur, a destination for pure sciences", "text": "NAGPUR: From mining to environment, archaeology to agriculture technologies, there is a whole array of institutions in the city engaged in research based on pure sciences. However, not many from the city know of these institutions and the work they are engaged in.The scientists from city believe that Nagpur can very well be called a 'destination city' for pure sciences. However, the institutes engaged in research have so far been downplaying themselves.\"With institutes like National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri), Geological Survey of India, Indian Bureau of Mines, Central Mining Research Institute, Central Institute of Cotton Research and National Research Centre for Citrus among other, the city sure offers some good opportunities to students of geology,\" said Arindam Chatterjee, director of GSI and founder member Gondwana Geological Society.Deputy regional director of Atomic Minerals Directorate (that is also housed in the city) Amit Majumdar believed that the education system does not lure students into taking up a career in sciences. \"Unfortunately our universities are not wooing the right kind of students. We need to showcase our work to students so that they know of the careers available with subjects like physics, chemistry, geology,\" he said.Work has already begun to change this scenario believed NEERI scientist Pawan Labhasetwar. His institution organizes an open day every year wherein common people can come and get a glimpse of the work done in the institution. He also interacted with students at a recent expo held at Raman Science Centre to introduce career option as a scientist to students.\"Right after their post graduation, students seem to be wishing to get well paying jobs. They do not have proper guidance or the opportunities coming their way, too,\" reasoned Jyotsna Meshram chemistry teacher at the RTM Nagpur University.Her views were echoed by Vilas Deshpande, professor of applied physics at VNIT. \"Despite their low scores students are opting for a degree in sciences. Besides, the parents wish children to be doctors and engineers rather than a scientist,\" he rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12067121", "title": "Use Bandimath terminus, DC tells bus operators", "text": "UDUPI: Deputy commissioner MT Reju has directed all bus owners operating buses to and from Karkala in Udupi district to operate out of the new bus terminus at Bandimath. The DC in a notification dated January 30 had directed all buses to start and end the trips at Bandimath. Reju advised people not to harbour any confusion or heed rumours in this regard and treat Bandimath as the only bus terminus in the town.CARD DISTRIBUTIONDCsaid that the process of distribution of National Health Insurance Scheme cards to beneficiaries that was temporarily deferred, will now be resumed following a clarification issued by Election Commission. Likewise, cards will be distributed on March 1 at Nadapalu, Varanga, Kadthala, Yerlapady, Neere, Palli, Bailoor, Hirgan, Shirlalu, Durga, and March 2 at Nitte, Belman, Inna, Mundkuru, Bola, Kanthavara, Miyaru, Mudaru, and on March 3 at Nitte, Belaman, Miyaru, Mala, Nalluru, Renjala, and Eedu gram panchayat offices. Beneficiaries who have not received intimation of distribution of cards may approach their respective GP offices and obtain the same, and those who had received the intimation may do so on the mentioned date and obtain the cards, Reju said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12064062", "title": "Haryana failed to give Rs 4,705cr utilization certificates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a setback to the Haryana government, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India has found that the Haryana government has not submitted utilization certificates for Rs 4,705.32 crore disbursed to various departments over the past several years.Raising a question over proper utilization of money, the CAG said non-submission of UCs not only indicated a lack of control of the administrative department but also showed tendency on the part of the state government to disburse fresh grants without ascertaining proper utilization of earlier grants.Utilization certificate (UC) is issued by respective departments to accountant general, authenticating utilisation of money for which it was disbursed.UCs from urban development, rural development, education, sports and social justice and empowerment departments constituted 92 % of total outstanding UCs, involving 85 % of the grants released.CAG also found in audit report that several autonomous bodies set up by the state government in the field of urban development, labour welfare, agriculture have been delaying submitting their accounts for audit.The frequency of delay in submitting accounts range from one year to 14 years by autonomous bodies including HUDA, Haryana Labour Welfare Board, Haryana Khadi and Village Industries Board, chief judicial magistrate-cum-secretary, District Legal Services Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12062565", "title": "This city of babus does not want tourists", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh wants to remain a city of 'babus' and doesn't want tourists flocking here from far and wide.While shooting down a proposal for setting up of a world-class aquarium near Sukhna Lake, the master plan committee \"opined that the city was basically an administrative city and encouraging more tourists will further burden the city's infrastructure\".The views of the committee, tasked with giving a vision to the city's future growth till year 2031, were put on record in the minutes of its 21st meeting. \"An activity like aquarium does not match the local atmosphere of the city. Moreover, Chandigarh is not located near any large water body or sea and this activity does not seem compatible with the local conditions. But the forest department representative brought out that it will be first of its kind in the country and will help in attracting tourists,\" added the committee.The aquarium has been conceptualized with dolphins and a large variety of ornamental fish.This is in sharp contrast to the tall claims of tourism department that the administration is committed to taking effective steps to make city a tourist destination. The number of domestic tourists went up to 9,14,742 and 37,967 foreign tourists came to the city in 2009 against 9,08,569 local and 34,762 foreigners in 2008. Since most tourists prefer to treat Chandigarh as a transit point before they hit the hills, plans are afoot to promote MICE (meetings, incentives, conventions and exhibitions) tourism, apart from showcasing Corbusier's architectural masterpieces in Capitol Complex, Rock Garden and Sukhna Lake.And it is not just the master plan committee, the heritage committee constituted to identify dilution of city's heritage character and give recommendations for its conservation, too, has said in the preface of its report sent to Ministry of Home Affairs ( MHA), \"The city will continue to be by and large an administrative city.\"A UT official, however, said it could be the view of some members of the committee and is not that of the administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063977", "title": "HC cancels Cinepolis licence suspension", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The six-screen multiplex in Vastrapur will soon begin showing movies, as the Gujarat high court on Monday quashed district collector's decision to suspend Cinepolis' license for 30 days for running late shows beyond permissible time limit.Acting on a petition filed by Cinepolis India Pvt Ltd, justice S R Brahmbhatt concluded that the decision was invalid and revoked the suspension of licence with observation that the penalty was unduly harsh.Cinepolis' counsel Kirtikant Nanavati said HC cancelled the authority's decision on the ground that authority had no power to impose penalty of suspension without following procedure of Section 7 of the Cinematograph Act. Neither Rule 131, nor Section 8 of the Act gives any power to the authority to impose penalty without following the procedure.The collector on February 2 suspended the multiplex's licence on the basis of complaint received from residents living nearby. The authority conducted an inspection and heard the multiplex authority before awarding a penalty.During the inspection, it was found that the cinemas were running shows late night, even beyond 1.00 am, whereas 12.30 is the time to wind up shows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066764", "title": "Khatu Shyam Prabhu shobha yatra taken out", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A shobha yatra of 'Khatu Shyam Prabhu' was taken out on Sunday. It passed through different localities. Many devotees were chanting religious hymns.The yatra started from Marwari Dharamshala and passed through Hewett Road, Johnstonganj crossing, Clock Tower, Zero Road and back to the Marwari Dharamshala. The women wearing colourful attire were holding flags and banners. They were singing bhajans. People from different walks of life joined the shobha yatra.The devotees then assembled at the Allahabad railway station to board trains to go to Seekar in Rajasthan. There is a temple of Khatu Shyam Prabhu in Rajasthan, where devotees from all over the country congregate and offer prayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12066663", "title": "Trade unions strike evokes mixed response; banking, transport services hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 24-hour country-wide strike called by major trade unions on Tuesday to protest \"anti-labour\" policies of the government and rising prices evoked a mixed response with the banking and transport sector hit in some parts.In West Bengal , there were fewer vehicles on the road but several schools and government offices remained open following the warning given by chief minister Mamata Banerjee that absence from duty will be treated as a break in service. Director General of Police Naparajit Mukherjee said in Kolkata that the situation was normal in the districts. Some arrests have been made in certain places including Hasnabad and Madhyamgram for obstructing traffic, he said.In the country's commercial capital, Mumbai, the strike had a partial impact with financial institutions getting affected. Barring banking and insurance sector, which have a large presence of trade unions, normal life was largely unaffected in the metropolis with all essential services especially public transport functioning as usual.\"The shutdown in the banking and financial sector has been complete. The RBI's clearing houses are shut. So the private and foreign banks where we do not a have a presence, also get affected,\" General Secretary of All India Bank Employees Association, Vishwas Utagi claimed. Services at both the city airports was smooth inspite of the strike call by 11 trade unions.In Delhi, the strike had little impact though normal functioning of PSU banks were affected and a number of autos and taxi drivers kept their vehicles off the roads to take part in the protest.Commuters complained that the frequency of the state-run buses were low. Several passengers were stranded in the morning at railway stations and bus terminals. Normal life was hit in Kerala due to the strike with buses keeping off the roads and shops remaining shut.The strike also affected functioning of banks and offices as pro-Left unions in the state sector also joined the protest against the \"neo-liberal economic and labour policies\" pursued by the UPA government at the Centre.The Congress-led UDF government in Kerala has enforced 'dies non' (no work-no pay) order against the strike in government offices.Reports from across the state said in most places, the mobility of people was hit as the impact of the strike was near total in the transport sector with buses, taxis and auto rickshaws keeping off the road.Transport and banking services were hit in Punjab, Chandigarh and Haryana in the wake of the strike.Reports pouring from various places in the region said buses on several routes remained off the road in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh even as officials were persuading employees not to join the strike.With major bank unions observing the strike, financial transactions came to a halt in all branches of public sector banks in the two states.However, banking services in private sector banks were not affectedLabour leaders have claimed that the strike is going to be a historic event and a stern warning against \"anti-labour policies\" of the UPA government.The key demands of the unions include guarantee of labour rights, end to the contract labour system, bringing workers in the unorganised sector under the social security net and pension benefit for all workers.Besides the Left unions like CITU and AITUC and HMS, the pro-Congress INTUC and pro-BJP BMS are also supporting the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12064686", "title": "Will Panaji send its MLA back to the House", "text": "PANAJI: Panaji MLA Manohar Parrikar is seeking to be elected for the fifth time from the constituency that covers the state's capital city. And of the four contenders in the fray, analysts say the toughest challenge to the leader of the opposition comes from Panaji mayor Yatin Parekh.This is because besides Ribandar (formerly St Cruz constituency), the delimited Panaji constituency now includes Tonca, Mala and Bhatlem, all previously in Taleigao constituency, and 20 wards of the Corporation of the City of Panaji. Of the latter, 10 wards are believed to be BJP strongholds while eight are believed to back Parekh. Analysts also say Parekh could strike a win only with the complete backing of his mentor, education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate who is the Taleigao MLA and whose camp holds the reins of the CCP.None of this has fazed Parrikar who has won from Panaji since 1994. Ask him why people should elect the former chief minister again, and pat comes the reply \"why not?\". \"I have performed for the last 18 years as Panaji MLA and people of Panaji are aware of this.\" He doesn't elaborate on his development in the constituency.Parekh, on the other hand, shoots back-\"The question is why should the people of Panaji elect Parrikar?\"-when asked about his own chances in the constituency. \"From 2006, from the time he's been out of power, Parrikar's been least bothered about Panaji and its people. Issues like the Mala market project, Campal football ground, garbage collection, etc are still around,\" he Parekh.The IITian throws the garbage woe back at the businessman, saying the issue has to be addressed by CCP. \"My job is to assist them and I have assisted and helped in getting funds, identifying a plot, getting CRZ approvals and handing the plot to the CCP three months ago. Nothing has happened,\" says Parrikar.Parekh says it's all his work that \"others\" are taking credit for: \"I went, as mayor, to Delhi and managed to get clearances for several projects including laying a new pipeline for water supply, for heritage conservation, etc under the JNNURM scheme.\"The verbal diatribe notwithstanding, Parrikar appears far less worried about his chances this time around than he did in 2007 when he faced Congress candidate Dinar Tarcar. With the businessman pouring in all his resources into the fight five years ago Parrikar had to work hard for the 6,004 votes he polled against Tarcar's 4,560.Analysts say this time aroundeven if the medium of instruction (MoI) issue haunts Parrikar in Panaji it won't have much impact. And Parrikar echoes the sentiment saying the voters will elect him because he is \"for development, is non-corrupt and is accessible\".Parekh, on the other hand, is also confident of the support from the Gujarati Samaj. \"I will definitely win because I have the support of government servants, businessmen and people of all faiths,\" says Parkeh.Speaking to TOI, CPI's Christopher Fonseca, also in the fray, says, \"People of Panaji want change. They want credible and affirmative change and they see me as the antidote to the communalism, corruption and mis-governance of the BJP and Congress.\" Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12067485", "title": "Infosys to power airtel money", "text": "MUMBAI: Country's second largest software exporter Infosys said it has been selected as the technology partner for 'airtel money', the mobile wallet service of telecom operator Bharti Airtel.Under the partnership, Infosys will deploy its mobile commerce platform Infosys Walletedge to enable the service support cashless payments and settlement needs of customers, Infosys said in a filing to the BSE.The platform will enable 'airtel money' customers to pay bills, recharge accounts, shop at over 7,000 merchant outlets, transact online through multiple channels, including mobile phones, interactive voice response, ATMs and points of sale, it added.\"We believe that airtel money that empowers the customer with the convenience of instant money transfer, will play a pivotal role towards driving the goal of financial inclusion in the country.\"We are confident that together we will offer a compelling proposition for our customers for them to accept airtel money as a way of life,\" Bharti airtel CEO India and South Asia Sanjay Kapoor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12064392", "title": "Row intensifies at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University", "text": "LUCKNOW: The confrontation between students and administration at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU) intensified with former taking to streets accusing faculty member in physiology department of deliberately failing them in examination. The university authorities, however, termed the allegations as baseless.The students also took out a candlelight march to stress on their point here on Monday. \"There is a strong bias against students and those from the reserved category are especially being targeted,\" said one of the students. They cited the example of a student who topped in anatomy subject but got failed in physiology. CSMMU's spokesperson professor Abbas Mahdi, however, said the medical university has a foolproof mechanism for evaluation and there is no scope for discrepancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12106214", "title": "The battle for House enters final phase", "text": "PANAJI: As the poll propaganda machinery fell silent on Thursday evening, voters across Goa huddled into their homes to contemplate and decide on who to vote for on Saturday. Political parties and candidates on the other hand, were busy tying loose ends.Congress and BJP have tied up with the NCP and MGP respectively in an election that could go either way.Goa, in the last two months, has seen some strategic and official tie-ups, unofficial 'political fixing', repackaging of promises parties that could not be fulfilled in earlier regimes-all of which culminated in parties and candidates using all available resources, exposing rivals' errors and projecting their own party as harbingers of good governance.With a day to go for polling, it's time for party think-tanks to pull out the final tricks from the war room. Sources say there is a possibility of transfer of votes to independents if party candidates are likely to lose.Analysts say BJP leaders seem to have forged ahead from the early days in shrewdly taming the storms of dissension kicked off after distribution of tickets.Given his political acumen and astuteness to forge marriages of convenience, BJP leader and potential chief minister Manohar Parrikar has again proved he is ahead of others in political warfare.Parrikar has managed to tame rebels and prevent any split of votes, and the alliance with MGP has provided BJP a big boost, providing it with an opportunity to bounce back to power. A move that led BJP national president Nitin Gadkari to say, \"It is a 100% natural alliance for the interest and development of Goa, and 101%, we will form the next government in Goa with this alliance.\"The Congress, though it has managed to contain rebellion in many cases, discarded aspirants are not working for the official candidates.From P1The BJP boardroom thinking went beyond the alliance and containing rebellion in the first round, to saffron moles holding important positions networking with various organizations-including village groups, youth and women groups for nearly a year on issues like RP 2021, and their efforts to bring the groups closer to the party seemed to have worked.On the other hand, analysts say Congress was unable to grab the opportunity of being the ruling party.In 2001-2002, BJP had worked like a well-organized team, churning out a series of schemes, offering jobs to the youth and distributing cheques to the needy, utilizing government machinery, and more importantly, grooming its own cadre during its rule, managing the media well and marketing its achievements for the 2002 polls.Against this backdrop, the Congress think-tank seems to have failed in capitalizing on its achievements. It did offer several schemes and provided stability to complete the full term since statehood.During the last five years, the government did take some decisions. It scrapped SEZs, improved the health infrastructure, introduced 108 emergency ambulances service, provided subsidized vegetables and commodities, and went in for mechanization of agriculture. While roads were tarred, the government fell short of constructing a new bridge over river Zuari bridge, in building flyovers, in traffic management, and in constructing garbage treatment plants.Leaders also worked at cross purposes, and silence marked criticism from the opposition, while its own people, especially Dayanand Narvekar, spewed venom on the government.Lack of a strong leadership and party organizational set up, poor governance, indecision, factionalism, going soft on the opposition and lack of managerial skills are among the factors that let Congress down, say analysts.Probably, the scams including the hotly debated illegal mining, casinos, privatization of government hospital, and the opposition pulling it up time and again, may have also overwritten its \"achievements\".After announcement of polls, Congress showed no signs of going in for a badly-needed makeover of its image. Not having done much to widen the party base over the years, Congress banked on individuals and allowed them to grow stronger at the cost of the party. Paying the price for it, this time, individuals became so strong that six families have managed to corner tickets for their family members pocketing more than one-fourth of the tickets.The simmering anger against the Congress is palpable for promoting 'family raj' politics in the state. Congress is caught in the bind of its own creation.Reinventing itself, BJP has nominated six Catholic candidates and has supported three Catholic independents. But in some constituencies, the role of BJP leaders came as a surprise to many. In St Andre, BJP seemed to have changed its mind late. Initially the party was considering former minister Dr Carmo Pegado but later promoted Vishnu Surya Wagh, probably for two reasons: he being a good orator and to push Wagh as the next Bhandari leader in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064919", "title": "532 crime incidents against children took place in 2010", "text": "A seven-year-old girl recuperating in Sion Hospital reveals the most horrific face of crime in the city. The child, whose body bears burn marks, has allegedly endured the torture of her stepmother.Just a few months ago, a similarly chilling incident had surfaced at Manav Mandir School, where a six-year-old student had allegedly been sodomized by a physical education teacher.These incidents are not aberrations. There were 532 incidents of crimes against children reported in 2010 alone, reveals the latest data of the NCRB, according to which murder , rape and kidnapping dominate . The number of children being tortured and abused behind closed doors in places meant to be safe havenshomes and schools-or silently suffering in the mean streets of Mumbai increased by 44% in 2010 over the year before.The numbers may be much higher, believe child welfare experts , who say crimes against children often go unreported. \"Often abuse happens within homes or schools and family honour takes precedence over reporting the crime to the police ,\" says a social worker.Psychiatrist Nilima Mehta, who previously headed the state government's child welfare committee, says her worries are beyond the numbers. \"Crimes are becoming more brutal and violent with each passing day.\"Experts see this trend as a worrying reflection of growing intolerance in society. \"Stress is increasing and the acceptance of dissent is decreasing in society. Children, who are most vulnerable, become the easiest targets for the frustration of people who are insecure, can't cope or who have personality disorders,\" says psychiatrist Kersi Chavda of Hinduja Hospital.He believes it is necessary to veer society as a whole towards values that recognize that a child is not the property of parents and violence will not be tolerated.\"Rising crime could indicate that reportage has gone up. Till a few years ago, sexual abuse, for instance, was always swept under the carpet. There was little understanding about abuse. Even today, when we go to schools for talks with parents and teachers, many can't believe that kids are being abused. Yet, in every session students say they have faced such situations ,\" says Pooja Taparia, founder and CEO of the NGO Arpan.Children's activists say physical crimes are often better reported than crimes like sexual abuse.Many schools and institutions are now training children on distinguishing between \"good\" and \"bad\" touch and working with them to probe their fears, gently encouraging them to speak up.Taparia, who has been conducting such workshops at shelters and schools, says they teach children that they are unique and special and only they are the bosses of their bodies . \"We teach them about their private parts so that they can correctly articulate to their parents or teachers if they are abused,\" she says.Experts also say laws need to be more effective if crime against children is to be curbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12065001", "title": "Controversies dogged cop who killed self", "text": "MUMBAI: Dismissed senior police officer Arun Borude, who committed suicide on December 29, 2010 after being implicated in the Powai serial rape case, faced several ups and downs in his 26 years of police service. The Powai police deleted his name from the rape case after he committed suicide by jumping in front of a train at his native place in Shrirampur, Ahmednagar. He died the same day the chargesheet was filed.An inspector from the elite 1983 batch, Borude first came under the scanner during investigations into the alleged custodial death of Khwaja Yunus, who had been a suspect in the 2002 Ghatkopar bomb blast case. The state CID was investigating the case and on January 6, 2003, Yunus was in the custody of Borude's unit at Andheri (East). The third-degree treatment was allegedly meted out to Yunus later, in the Ghatkopar lock-up .In 2005, Borude came under the scanner of the Anti-Corruption Bureau in a disproportionate assets case. The complainant had stated that Borude spent most of his stint in Mumbai, particularly in the crime branch. There were allegations that Borude owned a benami resort in Matheran and a few flats, including four in Emerald Court, Andheri (East). Borude also reportedly owned three cars, including a high-end Pajero, which he initially drove to the L T Marg police station when later posted there as a senior inspector. After the Yunus case broke, Borude was transferred to Amravati in 2006. He instead preferred to go on indefinite sick leave. While on sick leave, he slapped a TOI reporter who went to Emerald Court building to cover a lift crash. Before the journalist reached MIDC police station, Borude filed a complaint alleging that a goon had tried to enter his flat.Despite all these controversies , Borude was posted back in Mumbai in 2009 as senior inspector of LT Marg police station. During his oneyear stint, he is reported to have done excellent policing, curbing robberies, chain snatching and bag lifting case. At the same time, he allegedly ordered a tailor to stitch uniforms for his 200 staffers and made a jeweller pay Rs 3 lakh to the tailor.Interestingly, in his early years, Borude also did good work in fighting the underworld . He played a crucial role in curbing gangsters who were extorting from businessmen , hoteliers and Bollywood personalities and soon came to be known as encounter specialist. But he apparently also became a law unto himself.Arun Borude 53While a senior inspector, he was accused of raping the girl-then thought to be a minor-in 2010. After he became a suspect in November 2010, he went missing and was dismissed from service. He filed anticipatory bail pleas, but they were rejected. Ten police teams were on his trail, but he killed himself about 50 days later on the railway tracks in Shrirampur on December 29, 2010. Cops said Shantabai Gaikwad and Borude made 374 calls to each other from January 10 to November 8 of 2010 and the girl was raped between January and April that year. Borude's SIM card was registered to one Sungunand Narayan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12069305", "title": "Kerala Congress (Mani) state secretary dead", "text": "THRISSUR: State Secretary of the Kerala Congress (Mani) A L Sebastin died of a heart attack this morning at nearby Pavaratty . He was 6l, family sources said. Sebastin retired from the St Joseph's school at Pavaratty.Besides being an active Kerala Congress worker, he had severed for over 20 Years as Kerala Congress District president and since the past 3 years he was the party's State secretry. He was the state president of the Kera Karshaka Union., founded by him.Funeral will take place on Feb 29 afternoon at Saint Joseph's shrine at Pavaratty. The Finance Minister, K M Mani will attend the funeral ceremonies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12063262", "title": "Budget 2012: Higher depreciation sop in offing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid sagging investment in the economy, the government is weighing the option of offering higher depreciation to companies to boost asset creation. The finance ministry has held detailed consultations on the issue and may announce the move in the Budget.Indian industry has demanded that the depreciation rate provided in the Income Tax Act be increased to 30% from 15% in several cases. In the first year, the depreciation rate for several machines is pegged at 25% and then moves to 15%.Industry's argument is that higher depreciation will enable companies to move to zero value for their machines in a shorter span of time. With tax breaks linked to depreciation, companies would be encouraged to replace old equipment sooner. This will not only help manufacturers add capacity but also boost the capital goods sector as the demand for machinery will rise. Besides, the effective tax rate will decrease for companies although their profitability will be impacted. Tax consultants were, however, critical of the move. To begin with, they said this will have an impact on government finances too as companies will pay lower taxes. \"This is an incentive for investment. If it falls below the threshold, minimum alternate tax will kick in,\" said Bobby Parikh, partner at BMR Advisors, a consulting firm.Kaushik Dutta of PricewaterhouseCoopers , however, said a zero value of the asset may not necessarily result in immediate replacement of machinery. \"That will depend on demand for a particular product. But the move has implications for the government's tax collections,\" he said. Industry chambers are lobbying for retaining the excise duty at 10% in the backdrop of suggestions that the government should raise the levy to 12%. Besides, they are demanding investment allowance, which means incentives to invest. This suggestion has been turned down by the government given the tight fiscal position. But, the finance ministry is open to the idea of allowing higher depreciation rates, a source said.This move is also expected to help counter the impact of higher excise, which may impact demand for goods at a time when the industrial sector is in the midst of a prolonged slowdown. Industry has been complaining that high interest rates have affected demand for products and have forced companies to defer investment in adding capacity. Lower investment rate is also visible in the overall GDP numbers and even the Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council made special mention of the trend of slowing investment. \"...the expected lift in the pace of investment activity in the infrastructure area is something that is yet to happen. Getting this dynamic, moving faster must continue to be the focus of policy,\" it said in a report last week.Union Budget 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062804", "title": "Liquor scandal rocks AP House", "text": "HYDERABAD: The liquor syndicate issue rocked the Assembly yet again on Monday with the main opposition TDP stalling proceedings, demanding that government table the ACB probe report on alleged payoffs by liquor syndicate members and a judicial probe into the issue.TDP members surrounded the Speaker's podium soon after the House assembled demanding the dismissal of ministers named by the arrested members of the liquor syndicate as recipients of kickbacks. Speaker Nadendla Manohar asked them to raise the issue under a different rule as the House had debated the issue for more than 500 minutes last Friday.With TDP members refusing to resume their seats, Manohar adjourned the House within seven minutes and reconvened it at 10.25 am. A similar situation forced another adjournment within five minutes. The House reassembled at 12.10 pm, but with TDP legislators not budging from their stand, the Speaker to adjourn the House for the day within the next 15 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12063976", "title": "No Centre nod for 10 Haryana herbal parks: CAG report", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amid questions raised by whistleblower IFS Sanjiv Chaturvedi over the legality of a herbal park in Fatehabad district, a Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report has revealed that 10 more herbal parks in Haryana were developed without Centre's approval. Not only this, Bhindawas Herbal Park in Jhajjar district was set up against the provisions of Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972.As per provisions of Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980 and Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, cultivation of oil-bearing plants, horticulture crops or medicinal plants are non-forestry activities and require approval of the national board of wildlife and the Supreme Court.In the CAG report, the auditors observed, \"Ten herbal parks were developed at a cost of Rs 8.26 crore on more than 150 hectares of reserved or protected forest without obtaining permission from the Central government.\" These herbal parks include Chaudhary Surendra Singh Memorial Park in Bhiwani, Ratanjot Vatika in Faridabad, Anwala Herbal Park in Gurgaon, Shatavar Vatika in Hisar, Jamun Vatika in Kaithal, Arjun Vatika in Kurukshetra, Googal Vatika in Mahendergarh,Karpur Vatika in Panchkula, Thapli Herbal Park in Panchkula and Rudraksh Vatika in Yamunanagar.A scheme for development of herbal parks was formulated in April 2005 by the Haryana government to create such parks in each district with the objective of conserving medicinal plants, carrying out research and study, popularizing cultivation and utilizing Indian medicinal and aromatic plants. It also aimed at producing quality seeds and seeding for distribution to farmers. The parks were to be established either inside forest areas (outside national parks and wildlife sanctuaries) or on some other suitable government land.During five years, 2.82 lakh herbs or shrubs were raised in seven herbal parks in Fatehabad, Hisar, Kaithal, Panipat, Rewari, Rohtak and Sirsa. The forest department was to sell the plants to the public to make the herbal parks sustainable. However, only a sum of Rs 67,000 was realized in Kaithal and Panipat divisions. \"No plants were sold in the other five divisions to make the herbal parks sustainable,\" revealed the CAG report. According to the report, the state financial commissioner of the forest department accepted the facts adding that necessary action would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067568", "title": "Anoop excited about Marumugam", "text": "Actor Anoop , who was last seen playing the second lead in Chikku Bhukku, is excited about his forthcoming film, Marumugam.Touted to be a psychological thriller, the film has him sharing screenspace with Daniel Balaji.Anoop, who has earlier played the lead in Katthi Kappal, says, \"What got me hooked to Marumugam was my character. It's not just another romantic flick. The script is full of suspense and action. I've had to perform some risky stunts, like running downhill at top speed in Kodaikanal, where the climax was shot. I had to step on slippery rocks, and if I'd missed my steps, I'd have fallen off the hill from a height of 2000 ft!\"Directed by debutant Kamal (who has assisted Aabhavanan earlier), the film has music by Agasthiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12062624", "title": "Policeman ends life", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A head constable committed suicide by hanging himself at his Sector 10 house on Sunday night.The body of Onkar Singh, 47, was spotted on Monday by Ravinder Singh, a tenant in the same house. The cop was attached with Sector 26 police station. His family resides in Police Lines, Sector 26. Sources said the cop was under depression after the death of his daughter a year ago.No suicide note was recovered. It is yet to be ascertained what led him to take the expreme step. Police have ruled out any foul play. On learning about the incident, Vidhya Devi, his wife, and Monu, his son, reached the spot. A police officer said, \"He had played an active role during militancy in Chandigarh.\" The body was handed over to his family after the postmortem. Police have begun inquest proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12064771", "title": "Injured cops\u2019 families call on DGP, gun for Velim MLA", "text": "PANAJI: Upset with Velim legislator Felipe Neri Rodrigues demanding that the police officials who were attacked by locals, be placed under suspension and offences be registered against them, the injured policemen's family members called on DGP Kishan Kumar at the police headquarters on Monday. They demanded that the police support the injured officers and not bow down to political pressure.Cuncolim police had on Sunday registered a case of attempt to murder against the parish priest and members of the church committee of St Francis Xavier Church, Velim, and 1,500 unknown persons for Saturday night's attack on five policemen. Sources revealed that when the five policemen were being beaten by locals, the police didn't react with a lathicharge as they feared that there might be a law-and-order problem.The relatives requested the senior police officers to support them and said that if under political pressure they suspend the policemen or withdraw the case against the accused persons, then the police morale will have touched an all-time low, said sources. \"They also said that if action is taken against the officers, then 5,000-odd policemen and their families will not vote at the assembly election,\"said sources.DGP Kumar told the family members that they understand the situation and are sympathetic towards the policemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12063375", "title": "AICTE may bar new engineering, management colleges from 2014", "text": "MUMBAI: With supply outstripping demand for engineering and management seats, the country may stop new professional colleges coming up from 2014. This firm stand was taken recently at a meeting of the All-India Council for Technical Education, the country's inspector which grants permission to new professional technical colleges. The decision follows requests from several states that want the Council to reject fresh proposals for more colleges.While many states wanted the AICTE to immediately stop accepting applications, the process of setting up a college, like buying land and building the infrastructure, starts two years before a college trust approaches the AICTE for permission. \"So, we have decided that two years from now, we will review the situation and may stop accepting proposals for all new technical colleges,\" said AICTE chairman S S Mantha.States such as Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Haryana and Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra told the AICTE to not to clear proposals for new institutes after waking up to the fact that the number of vacant seats in engineering and management colleges has risen dramatically over the last three years. India is now home to 3,393 engineering colleges that have 14.86 lakhs seats; today there are 3,900 management schools with a total student intake of 3.5 lakh. Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh have about 70% tech institutes. When admissions closed last year, AICTE estimated that nearly three lakh seats were unfilled.Despite the AICTE's decision, many states have decided not to allow colleges to start this year, with the state governments and the council embarking on a collision course.This year, the AICTE received a total of 204 applications for new engineering institutes and 86 for MBA colleges. \"This year, we saw an interest in colleges again wanting to invest in engineering education. However, applications from the southern states, which have witnessed the expansion, are down to a trickle,\" added Mantha. Andhra Pradesh, which has the largest number of engineering colleges in India, has dispatched merely eight applications this year and a similar number for starting MBA colleges.However, over time, with no plan, growth has been skewed, but if AICTE's optimism is anything to go by, the country will now see professional colleges springing up in areas like the north-east and in central India, which are yet suffering from low enrolment in the professional education sector.Closer home, edupreneurs (education entrepreneurs) from Maharashtra are bullish on the growth in this sector. Maharashtra has a rich pool of 348 engineering institutes and 408 MBA colleges. And the fact that 34,000 seats did not have any takers last year did not play spoilsport. The AICTE received 30 applications to start engineering colleges and 15 for MBA institutes from Maharashtra this year (see box).\"We have received the highest number of applications from Maharashtra. But, we have an impressive 307 applicants (almost 50% of the entire pool) for starting polytechnics (colleges that offer diploma in engineering) from across India,\" added Mantha.However, overall the slowdown is perceptible: two years ago, the AICTE received 2,176 applications to start new professional degree colleges and this time around, the number stands at a paltry 362. And two years from now, there may be no new colleges that will come up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jewar", "code": "12064971", "title": "Rahul\u2019s charm may benefit Congress", "text": "JEWAR: In the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, BSP and BJP emerged as the two heavyweights from the Jewar assembly seat. However, the farmers' agitation following a violent clash between the farmers and the district administration changed the political equations completely. Residents say that while the lack of any development work would have dented the BSP's support base anyway, the May 7 clash in Bhatta and Parsaul seems to have massacred all chances of the BSP regaining support in the area.The Jewar seat is especially crucial this time considering that Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had in a way sounded the poll bugle for the UP elections from Bhatta Parsaul. Jewar comprises of Dankaur and Jewar blocks and has around 2.87 lakh voters.Jewar is a Jat dominated constituency and residents say ''barring a handful of Valmikis, they will not vote for BSP this time.\" The Congress has tried to make full use of the farmer unrest and fielded Thakur Dhirendra Singh who drove Rahul Gandhi on his motorbike to Bhatta.The Congress has also joined hands with the Rashtriya Dal hoping to woo the Jat electorate. However, the JD(U)'s decision to field Manvir Tewatia, who led the farmer agitation and has been in jail since, has presented an obstacle in Congress' path. While the land row is the most pressing issue across the constituency, candidates are also trying to woo the electorate here by promising better healthcare and education facilities.There are 19 candidates in fray for Jewar. The heavyweights include Sunder Singh Rana of BJP, Thakur Dhirendra Singh of Congress, Bijendra of SP, Manveer Tewatia of JD(U) and Ved Ram Bhati of BSP.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "12064067", "title": "Maoists attack MLC\u2019s construction company", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: A group of about 20 Maoists armed with sophisticated weapons and lathis attacked Singh Construction Company's hot mixing plant belonging to transport operator and local JD(U) MLC, Dinesh Prasad Singh, and burnt a dumper truck and an old JCB machine at Bakhra village on Muzaffarpur-Rewa Road under Saraiya police station at about 11.30 pm on Sunday night.Saraiya SHO Sanjay Kumar informed on Monday that there were seven labourers on the spot when the Maoists reached there. They snatched their cellphones but did not harm them. The intruders set afire both the dumper and JCB machine parked there. The front portion of both the vehicles were completely burnt. Before retreating within half-an-hour, the Maoists threw six pieces of handbills on the spot. Through leaflets, the Maoists demanded 10 per cent levy from the plant's owner, denounced alleged police-contractor connivance and condemned recent crimes like dacoity and murder in the area.The Maoists did not raise any slogan nor did they disrupt vehicular traffic on the busy Muzaffarpur-Rewa Road during their operation. They threw the cellphones of the labourers before leaving the spot. A few villagers claimed that the Maoists had brought with them two containers of petrol. They were hiding in the adjacent wheat field since the evening and attacked the plant site at midnight suddenly. They disappeared within moments after burning the vehicles.It may be mentioned here that the Maoists had attacked the road and bridge construction sites under Minapur PS area of Muzaffarpur district, besides at such sites in Sheohar, Sitamarhi and East Champaran districts in recent months to press for the payment of 10 per cent levy from the contractors. It could not be known whether the Maoists had demanded levy from the MLC earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12068913", "title": "Sonia Gandhi goes abroad for medical check up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly six months after undergoing a surgery abroad, Congress president Sonia Gandhi has travelled out of the country for a \"routine check up\" in connection with the treatment for her undisclosed illness.\"Congress president Sonia Gandhi has travelled abroad for routine check up after six months of her earlier treatment,\" AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said here on Tuesday.He said Gandhi, 65, would return in four to five days. Party sources said that Gandhi left for a foreign destination on Monday night without disclosing the nature of the check up.Asked whether a team has been formed to look after party affairs in her absence, the sources said that since this was a brief visit abroad there was no need for such an arrangement.Gandhi had gone abroad for treatment of an undisclosed ailment in August last year.During her over month-long stay abroad she had underwent a surgery.In her absence then, Gandhi's son, Rahul and three senior leaders were made in-charge of party affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12063016", "title": "Corporators\u2019 husbands ruling the roost in Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Spouses of women corporators are the ones calling the shots in the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC). There was a time when they would limit themselves to pushing applicants of their choice in the contest for civic contracts. But now they are openly participating and questioning officials at civic body meetings.A review meeting held a few days back by mayor Majid Hussain with corporators of East Zone - covering the LB Nagar, Uppal and Kapra municipal circles - was attended by as husbands of as many as five of the seven women corporators representing the different East Zone divisions.Sources said the husbands of Mansoorabad corporator K Latha (K Narasimha Reddy), RK Puram's D Surekha (D Bhaskar Reddy), Karmanghat's G Sushma (G Madusudhan Reddy), Gaddi Annaram's B Subashini (B Venkateshwar Rao), Saroornagar's Yellati Bhargavi (Chandrasekhar Reddy), P&T; Colony's E Dhanalakshmi (E Lokendranath) and Uppal corporator P Suguna (P Dayakar Reddy) generally take an active part in the running of the wards represented by their spouses.The corporators' husbands have even gone to the extent of complaining to the mayor about those officials whom they felt were not following protocol. Sources said that a corporator's hubby pulled up an executive engineer for not keeping him posted about civic work sanctioned in his wife's ward.Both the mayor and commissioner MT Krishna Babu then instructed engineering officials to stick to protocol and inform public representatives about projects sanctioned in their respective divisions.\"Generally, invites are sent to corporators for official meetings and programmes. Often, women corporators attend these meetings with their husbands in tow. Sometimes, only the husbands attend the meetings,\" a zonal commissioner said.Earlier, too, husbands of women corporators have attended meetings to not only raise questions about civic works but also to issue instructions to lower-level officers against taking decisions without first seeking their consent.Officials claim that interference by the corporators' husbands was a phenomenon not confined to East Zone alone. There were allegations against former mayor and Tarnaka corporator Banda Karthika Reddy's husband Banda Chandra Reddy of calling officials to his residence to be given instructions. Similarly, Nallakunta corporator G Sridevi's husband Ramesh and Adikmet corporator C Sunitha's husband Prakash are seen as being more active in public life than their spouses.When contacted, Majid Hussain said: \"Husbands of some corporators attended the review meeting along with a group of people who wanted to submit a representation to me. They sat along with media personnel and, none of the spouses of the women corporators spoke at the meeting\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12066939", "title": "Kanamachi creates a buzz", "text": "Who said that two actors can't be friends? Srabanti and Sayoni Ghosh, who are acting in Raj Chakrabarty's \" Kanamachi\", proved just that. And the person at the receiving end was the director himself.He says, \"Just the other day our sound recordist was having a heart attack. With their lapels on, Srabanti and Sayoni were at their talkative best. The sound recordist told me, 'Rajda, oder ke ektu bolo je lapel ta on ache, ora je ki bolche aar na boleche they don't have any idea. It's too much to take. Amar toh kaan lal hoye jachchhe.\"Raj, however, adds, \"But once I say 'action' both Bantu Singh (I call Sayoni by that name) and The Biggest Cartoon (Srabanti) slip into their characters in a second. When it comes to work, they give their best. Srabanti, of course, knows the art of romancing the camera.\"Srabanti, who is just back from a holiday from Digha with hubby Rajib, is all praise for Raj. \"Though Rajda keeps pulling my leg, when it comes to work, he knows how to extract the best from an actor. I think the audience will be spellbound when they watch me in this film as a reporter. This is one of my best works so far,\" she admits.Sayoni, who plays Payel, a bubbly reporter, was all nerves to share screen space with Srabanti. \"I was tense at first, she is a big star here. I thought that she will have starry tantrums. But after working with her, I realized she is a sweetheart,\" says an elated Sayoni.Buzz is that the whole unit will be leaving for New Zealand to can the song and dance sequence. Raj admits, \"We plan to shoot there as well.\"So what does the director have to say about Ankush, the male lead? \"Ankush is so finicky about eating! He keeps saying \"Ami kichu khabo na\" But come evening and you would see him hogging on egg roll with sauce, onions, et al. But he's such a brilliant actor and gets into his character in a second. Poor guy, he is sandwiched between two boisterous women!\" said Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066715", "title": "Demand for LPG cylinders shoots up before Holi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The rise in demand for domestic LPG gas cylinders ahead of Holi has left oil company officials in a fix. Through there is undisturbed bookings and supply of the domestic LPG gas cylinders to all 19 gas agencies operating in the city, the demand is difficult to meet as over 1.7 lakh consumers are seeking one additional LPG gas cylinder.According to current status of bookings at gas agencies, most of the consumers who were given the supply within the scheduled timings, have applied again for a cylinder. As a result, there has been a surge in demand for domestic LPG cylinders at all 19 gas agencies.Assistant manager, LPG Sales, Anil Khare told TOI: \" There is day to day booking and supply of domestic LPG gas cylinders being offered to consumers\". He added that domestic cylinders are being given to consumers on the basis of bookings.He said they are trying to meet the rising demand. Oil company officials, however, claim that there is no such crisis and bookings and deliveries are being carried out without any delay. As per estimates, more than 18,000 bookings are being made in the city everyday.Authorities at gas agencies said they are trying to clear the backlog of consumers who had made the bookings earlier. They added that because Holi, the demand has gone up by four times.While the supply and distribution of cylinders from the bottling plant is done on day to day basis, the situation will be normal as oil companies officials are assuring to dispatch additional consignments.As per reports of the association, there are over 1.73 lakh consumers that are registered at 19 authorised gas service centres across the city. Out of these, the maximum gas service centres belong to the Indian Oil (Indane) that has adequate centres.LPG cylinder hawkers said the gap between booking and delivery date for cylinders increases during the festive season. One of the gas service centres in Kareli reported the gap to be as high as 15 days, while it was just seven days earlier.\"I made the bookings on February 8 and still running from pillar to post for delivery of the cylinder,\" said Afzal, a resident of Kareli. On Monday, people under the banner of Allahabad Gaurav Vikas Manch took out a funeral procession of LPG cylinders as a mark of protest and demanded the gas agencies to ensure adequate supply of LPG during Holi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12062584", "title": "Only Rs 3.5cr of Rs 37cr spent on development", "text": "PANCHKULA: The face of Panchkula would have been different had the municipal corporation spent Rs 37 crore, particularly meant for development work. But only Rs 3.5 crore out of this has been spent despite the residents clamouring for better civic facilities and amenities. With the financial year (2011-2012) coming to an end, major chunk of the amount is unspent. While Rs 6.50 crore were meant for parks, swings, boundary walls and repairs, Rs 23 crore was to be spent on roads. About Rs 35 lakh was allocated for streetlights.When one thinks of Panchkula, one instantly visualizes potholed roads, deteriorating condition of parks and swings, and the non-functional street lights at almost all places. \"People have started losing faith in the elected bodies. On a big township like this ita's surprising that only 3.5 crore have been spent!\" said former municipal council president, Seema Chaudhary.\"Several times I have hurt myself on Sector-2 road because of the number of potholes in the same. Its shameful that we are suffering silently and the authorities are just sitting back and enjoying,\" said Diksha Sharma, a resident of Sector 4.When contacted, executive officer of Panchkula municipal corporation, O P Sehag, said,\"Rs 37 crore was proposed for developmental works for the previous financial year. Though 3.5 crore have been spent till now, but one of the reasons for this is the status of municipal corporation and municipal council which is hanging in the balance. By the the time one plans some development, the other comes on the scene.\" He added,\"We still have one month with us and we will try our level best to spend maximum on development.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12063379", "title": "Police chief appeals to youths to wear helmets", "text": "PUNE: Police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar struck an emotional chord with the citizens of Pune on Monday as she reemphasized the need for helmets, but this time as a mother.\"Many young persons using motorcycles feel that if they use a helmet they do not look smart. But ask the parents and they will explain how important it is for their children to use helmets,'' said Borwankar, speaking at the launch of a book on road safety patrol guidelines. The book has been published by the Pune police. Borwankar recently made helmets compulsory for the police staff.The commissioner said that the city police have initiated two major drives to ensure safety on roads and to improve traffic conditions. It is now mandatory for the builder/developer, who has a site along the road, to post traffic wardens besides putting up proper road signs, barricades, blinkers and other safety measures for safe movement of vehicles and pedestrians.Borwankar said it is also compulsory for restaurant and hotel owners to provide adequate parking space for their customers. \"The parking space allotted for these establishments is used as kitchen or for putting up additional tables.A strict drive has been started to stop such misuse,'' she said.Meanwhile, Borwankar also stressed on the need to improve public transport and how a metro rail is necessary for the city.Borwankar had a word of appreciation for the traffic police, the regional transport officials and Credai-Pune Metro in bringing out the book on road safety patrol guidelines. She said the book will soon be put up on the website and facebook page of the Pune traffic police.Credai Pune Metro chairman Satish Magar said that traffic discipline needs to be inculcated among citizens. \"Pune was once an example of traffic discipline for other cities. Now, the condition is worse than other cities,'' he remarked.DCP (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said the book on road safety patrol guidelines will be made available in all schools. Over 38,000 volunteers of the Road Safety Patrol (RSP) are assisting the traffic police in this effort.Many young persons using motorcycles feel that if they use a helmet they do not look smart. But ask the parents and they will explain how important it is for their children to use helmets", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "12063853", "title": "Dheeran scripts success story", "text": "HAIBOWAL: A young writer from Haibowal, Dheeran Rattan, once again grabbed top honours at a recent movie award function when he won the best screenplay and dialogue in a??Jeene Mera Dil Luteyaa??. The 35-year-old has already made the city proud by writing screen plays for at least half a dozen Bollywood movies and scripts for some Punjabi films.Dheeran told TOI: a??I feel honoured to receive this award. Though I couldna??t attend the function in Chandigarh, I did get the news as soon the awards were announced.Award-winning scriptwriter heeran Rattan said: a??It feels great if your work is appreciated. The credit for this goes to my parents Kedar Nath Rattan, Krishna Rattan, my wife Manila and my fans.a??Speaking about his plunge into movies, Dheeraj, who has pursued arts in graduation, said, a??In 2001, I made an entry into Bollywood and assisted director Anubhav Sinha of a??Tum Bina?? fame, who was making lot of music videos at that time. After that, I assisted him in writing scripts and started my individual writing by screenwriting for a??Mumbai Salsaa?? around 2007. After that there was no looking back.a?? Dheeran wrote screenplay/stories for six Bollywood movies, including a??Haal-e-Dila?? (2008), screenplay for a??1920a?? (2008), a??Shaapit: The Curseda?? (screenplay), a??Aagey Se Righta?? (additional screenplay) (2009) and screenplay for a??Phhira?? (2011).In 2010, while he was writing a script, he met Jimmy Shergill , who asked him to write for Punjabi movies also. a??I then wrote dialogue and screenplay for a??Mel Karade Rabbaa??, which was a huge hit. I also wrote for Punjabi movie a??Dhartia??. I am already writing four Punjabi movies, including a??Tor Mitran Dia??, a??Jatt and Julieta?? and few unnamed movies. I want to continue with the work I am doing as I enjoy writing,a?? he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12063520", "title": "HC go-ahead for resuming Kanchi trial", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has ordered resumption of the Sankararaman murder trial, in which the two Kanchi Sankaracharyas are the main accused, and said a cyber crime expert would probe the authenticity of the audio CD allegedly containing a telephonic conversation between Jayendra Saraswathi and the then trial judge T Ramasamy.While the trial could resume from where it was stayed on August 25, 2011, the CD issue will be inquired by an officer of the assistant commissioner of police cadre, who will submit a report within three months, a division bench comprising Justice K N Basha and Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar said on Monday.More importantly, the bench authorized police to take voice samples of the trial judge and Jayendra Saraswathi and other persons, if required, for scientific analysis. They could also source audio files from television channels that telecast the conversation. Sankararaman, manager of the Sri Varadaraja Perumal Temple in Kancheepuram, was hacked to death on the temple premises on September 3, 2004. Twenty-four people, including the two Acharyas, have been arraigned as accused.On August 25, 2011, the high court stayed the trial before the principal sessions court at Puducherry, when a writ petition was filed stating that audio tapes containing the conversation between the first accused and the judge had been doing the rounds. It wanted registration of a criminal case in the matter and said that if found true, fresh trial should be ordered. The matter came before the specially constituted division bench as it concerned a serving judicial officer.Rejecting the fresh trial plea, the judges said: \"The case is at the final stage and posted for arguments. It is to be reiterated that the material witnesses from 1 to 95 have already been examined before the predecessor of the present trial judge and the petitioner has thrown allegations only against the present trial judge, who examined the witnesses from 96 to 189. If at all there is any grievance or any substantial ground is raised, it is open to the aggrieved party to approach the trial court... The question of ordering re-trial does not arise at this stage.''The trial judge, T Ramasamy, has already been transferred vide an order dated December 21, 2011. To probe charges of 'bribe tapes', the bench asked the DGP to nominate Dr Sudhakar, former assistant commissioner of police, cyber crime cell, or any other competent police officer with experience in dealing with cyber crime and not below the rank of the ACP, within two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12063079", "title": "Flesh trade thriving at Secunderabad railway station, survey reveals", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Secunderabad railway station has become a hub of flesh trade in the city. According to a survey conducted by the Government Railway Police (GRP), 300 persons survive on flesh trade in and around the busy railway station.These details came to light when GRP superintendent M Kanta Rao asked his men to conduct a survey on commercial sex workers on the station premises.Realising that flesh trade is thriving on the railway station, the SP decided to conduct a surprise check on Monday morning.Within two hours, the railway police managed to identify and apprehend 20 sex workers operating from the station.\"The rescued will be sent to government state home for counselling and rehabilitation,\" Kanta Rao said.He said that they would soon organise a programme with women and child welfare department officials to counsel and rehabilitate the victims who are trapped in the trade and operating from railway stations in the city.During the searches on Monday, police have also arrested a sex worker-turned-con artiste, who committed several thefts on trains in the South Central Railway jurisdiction.Mahalakshmi committed two suitcase thefts on Gouthami Express by travelling from Rajahmundry to Secunderabad as a passenger. Police recovered Rs one lakh worth stolen property from her possession and remanded the woman to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12064020", "title": "Teachers' association slams Bihar govt for moving court frequently", "text": "PATNA: In a state where both the chancellor as well as the state government seem to be concerned over growing litigation in the portals of higher education, the state education department is itself behaving as litigant, say academics.Instead of implementing the decisions of the courts, the education department very often moves the courts seeking review of their earlier decisions and, in most cases it ends up as the loser. But this process takes its own time delaying the implementation of the genuine demands of teachers and non-teaching staff, they say.The Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) has criticized the tendency among education department officials to take even non-issues to the Apex Court. SLPs have been filed against even notices of contempt for non-compliance issued by the high court, it said. Recently, the Apex Court dismissed a government SLP seeking vacation of stay granted against likely demotion and pay cuts of Patna University (PU) teachers. Even on Monday, the Supreme Court dismissed the government SLP for review of an earlie apex court order passed in favour of redesignated demonstrators, it said.Futab working president Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha and general secretary Sanjay Kumar Singh have expressed concern over the tendency of the education department to deny the entitlements to university employees for a longer time by prolonging the litigations. Retired teachers are being denied revised pension in the name of an SLP filed in 2009 in the SC. This is a glaring example of intentional delay. Those retired after January 2006 should have been given revised pension in a routine manner, but uncertainties continue to invite writs, they pointed out. They said the total number of contempt cases pending in Patna high court is an eye opener that government officials have developed a habit of defying the orders of the courts, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062402", "title": "More delay for high-security number plates", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government's plan to implement the high-security registration plate scheme by March 31 has hit a roadblock. The new tenders launched by the transport department have failed to find a successful bidder, prompting the authorities to re-tender the project. Senior government officials say the new terms of reference for the tender will be altered to facilitate participation of more companies.The new tender for the high-security registration plates (HSRP) were taken out in January after the Supreme Court had given the Delhi government three more months to implement the scheme. The original deadline was December 31, 2011.\"The tender that was taken out was found to be restrictive as many bidders couldn't meet the technical requirements,\" a senior government official said. These included mandatory financial parameters like the financial nature of the applicant company as well as the minimum turnover. \"The idea was that only the best companies would be allowed to participate in the process. The government will now widen the ambit of the tender so that more companies can participate,\" added the official. Sources said five bids had been submitted but all were disqualified during the technical screening of the bids.The new tender is now expected to come out on March 1. Officials said the re-tendering process was expected to be complete by mid-March, so that the HSRP centres could be set up at the regional transport offices (RTOs) at the earliest. \"The tendering process and selecting the successful tender is the only time-consuming part of the process. Thereafter, setting-up the centres should not take long,\" added an official.The transport department had to go searching for another vendor months after it had asked DIMTS to implement the project. DIMTS, which had sub-contracted the work, wasn't allowed to implement the project as the Supreme Court had recommended a single vendor for the project. In the original set-up, DIMTS was to install the number plates while the procurement of the plates was sub-contracted to another vendor. The HSRPs are tamper-proof and meant to aid law enforcement agencies in tracing vehicles that are involved in crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12063567", "title": "\u2018I moved Upa Lokayukta file given by BSY govt\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has been accused of bending backwards to please JD(S) president HD Deve Gowda , especially in the case of the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah as the Upa Lokayukta. In an interview with TOI, Sadananda Gowda reveals that the Upa Lokayukta had been chosen during his predecessor's time and he only forwarded to name.Do you agree with your critics' allegation that your decisions are to a larger extent influenced by JD(S) supremo HD Deve Gowda?No. During my election to the council, Deve Gowda said he was maintaining equal distance from both BJP and Congress. The Congress thought this was beneficial to me and started this campaign. Deve Gowda and Yeddyurappa were not on good terms. I have treated both Congress and JD(S) equally. This too may have created an impression that Sadananda Gowda is close to Deve Gowda.BJP leaders believe that Justice Chandrashekaraiah was appointed as Upa Lokayukta without consulting anyone in the party. It is said that this was done to please JD(S) chief HD Deve Gowda?There is a backgrounder to this. The Gujarat governor had appointed the Lokayukta without consulting the government. So I was worried that if I don't send a name, the same may happen here too. So I just forwarded the name that had been proposed and was in the file since Yeddyurappa's time to the governor. True, it should have been discussed in the committee.Why do Yeddyurappa's supporters think that you are siding with Deve Gowda?I'm a person who wants the overall development of the state. I'm taking everybody together in this process. There has been no vengeance politics against Deve Gowda. So, I think Yeddyurappa might be thinking that Sadananda Gowda is soft on Deve Gowda.There are allegations that you have been ignoring BSY's supporters.Not true. I have given more allocations to independents as they had supported me during elections. Also, for nine months they had not received any allocations. Of the Rs 45 crore allocation, only one third has been given. This was not behind anybody's back. This is an open truth. It also does not mean that I have not been giving funds for others.You've been Yeddyurappa's protege. Is he peeved with you because you have not been his rubber stamp?Iralliku saaku (Maybe so). Primarily, he does not have any position in the party or government. It is but natural that a senior leader who has built the party feels it discomforting by the thought that he does not have any position though his party is in power. He has been with people all along. Seeking a position is not wrong.Siddaganga seer Shivakumar Swamiji has declined to have Kotilingas (1 crore lingas) on his mutt premises.The seer invited me to lay the foundation stone for the project. I was invited by the (Kotilingeshwara Charitable trust) committee also. I am not aware what difference of opinion cropped up (that the project had to be shelved).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12064848", "title": "No provision in Constitution for it, says Gadkari", "text": "PANAJI: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari on Monday said special status cannot and should not be given to Goa. Announcing BJP's campaign plans, Gadkari in reply to a question said, \"Special status cannot be given to Goa.How can it be given? There is no provision in the Constitution of India to grant special status,\" he replied.Media persons then told Gadkari that Congress had made such a promise. \"The Congress is lying to the people. How can it give special status when there are no provisions for it?\" he said. Gadkari said he felt the Centre could declare different kinds of packages for Goa through its different ministries. \"Goa is an independent state,\" Gadkari said, adding, \"There is no need for special status.\" Present were state BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar and North Goa MP Shripad Naik. Congress president Sonia Gandhi, campaigning for the Lok Sabha elections in 2009, had promised that Goa would be granted special status if Congress came to power at the Centre.On February 25, Gandhi returned to Goa to campaign for the party for the assembly elections but made no mention of special status. The issue also does not figure on the Congress' election manifesto. Matanhy Saldanha, who is leading Goa's movement for special status, recently joined BJP and is contesting on the party ticket. On February 20, BJP released its election manifesto which made no mention of special status for Goa. Asked about it then, Saldanha had said, \"The BJP high command has already approved the demand for special status.\"Goa was liberated from Portuguese rule on December 19, 1961. It was given status of union territory till 1987 after which it was granted statehood. Migration of people from other parts of India as well as the craze for land and second homes in Goa has seen rising opposition from Goans to protect land and identity. Those demanding special status have also pointed to India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru's assurance on this issue before and after liberation.Ironically, it was BJP MLA Francis D'Souza, along with Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, who moved a motion in the legislative assembly on August 30, 2008, seeking special status, \"on the lines of special status granted to states of Mizoram, Himachal Pradesh and Uttaranchal under Article 371 of the Constitution of India, for regulating ownership and transfer of land especially with respect to sale of land to non-residents/foreigners...\" The Goa legislative assembly then passed a unanimous resolution asking the state government take up the issue with the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12064731", "title": "UGC recommends cap on affiliated colleges count", "text": "LUCKNOW:In a desperate bid to mitigate the crisis arising due to the high number of affiliated colleges and the subsequent tales of mismanagement, the University Grants Commission has recommended that a particular university may be allowed to grant affiliations only to 100 colleges under it. The 12-member panel appointed by UGC stated that the present system of granting affiliation has become a 'major burden' impacting 'significantly' the 'quality and innovation outputs' of the university system. The load of affiliated colleges, ranging upto 900 colleges with some of the universities, has caused enormous hurdles in the smooth functioning of the quality of higher education system. The number of affiliated colleges is found the most in Maharashtra, Delhi, and Karnataka. The condition in Uttar Pradesh is no better. Out of 12 state universities, Lucknow and Gorakhpur University are the only residential ones, which have 108 and 300 colleges respectively under their affiliation.Strongly supporting the UGC's recommendations, Gorakhpur vice-chancellor, Prof PC Trivedi said, \"Reduction in the number of affiliating colleges is a welcome step, majorly because it will help in effective control and increase the quality of education. Managing self-finance colleges is a herculean task.\" Prof Trivedi also holds up the UGC's argument that the state universities have become examination conducting bodies with the increasing load of affiliating functions due to large number of affiliated colleges, hence using ill-equipped, age-old administrative machinery and personnel. \"This has pushed the focus on innovation and research of the university to the periphery,\" he said. His opinions were seconded by Prof Rajesh Mishra of Lucknow University. According to him, putting a limit will stop in unmindful expansion of affiliating colleges, which are merely a money minting exercise for the universities.\"Putting a stop on countless colleges will also ensure quality of education,\" he said. As per the UGC, the number of affiliation requests is quite large ranging between 1 and 250. Nearly 36% of the universities report to receive every year affiliation requests between 1-12, another 31% between 15-28, and the remaining between 30-250 (largest being 250 reported by University of Rajasthan). Based on the overall consensus of all stake holders of higher education, the expert committee has come to a conclusion that 'there is an urgent need for time-bound introduction of multi-pronged reforms of the affiliating system taking into account the regional, cultural and educational diversities of the country, so that international level quality in higher education is achieved across the nation'. The expert committee, headed by former vice-chancellor of Madras University S P Thyagarajan, has also recommended promotion of 'cluster college system' through provision of financial assistance to allow them evolve as clustercollege universities, besides upgradation of colleges with potential for excellence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12063579", "title": "Teenager found murdered in forest", "text": "CHENNAI: A 14-year-old boy was found dead in a forest area at Nanmangalam in Medavakkam on Monday.The neck of the boy, later identified as Kapali, was slit and a broken bottle found near the body. Late in the afternoon, some people noticed the body and informed police who rushed to the place and sent the body to the government hospital in Royapettah for autopsy. The area where the body was found, police said, was a secluded one.Kapali, the third child of construction worker Velu of Ambedkar Nagar in Medavakkam, was a school drop-out who occasionally worked at a funeral ground in the area, police said.\"He had left home around 9am on Monday. His body was identified by his brother Appu, a lorry cleaner, in the evening,'' a police officer said.People who spotted the body allegedly told police they had found his trousers partially removed. Police said they were looking into all possibilities, including sexual assault. \"The murder could have been the result of the boy offering resistance. It looked like somebody slit his throat with a broken bottle,'' the officer said.A case was registered under IPC section 302 (murder) and a hunt launched.People who spotted the body allegedly told police they had found his trousers partially removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12065000", "title": "Baby in a baby: A miracle is born in Bangalore hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: In a medical miracle, an infant was born with a foetus inside his abdomen in a Kengeri hospital. In normal circumstances, the foetus would have been his twin - in medical parlance, it is called 'foetus in fetu or baby within a baby'.A team of doctors at Rajarajeshwari Nagar Medical College and Hospital recently operated upon the two-month-old infant and removed the foetus from his abdomen. \"The foetus could have been a twin which did not develop during the pregnancy in the mother's womb and descended into the child's abdomen,\" said Dr Keshav Murthy, assistant professor of paediatric surgery, Rajarajeshwari Medical College.It is a rare occurrence, maybe one in 5 lakh pregnancies, Dr Murthy said. \"This is a rare disorder of surgico-pathological curiosity, where an aborted foetus is found within its partner. An antenatal scan showed a mass in the lower abdomen; postnatal, it looked like a swelling. The child was born on Dec 30, 2011,\" he said.Radiological investigations revealed a large, well-defined cystic mass. A team comprising Dr Murthy, Dr Adarsh and two other doctors removed the foetus last month. \"Cross-examination showed two limb-like structures at the upper end of the mass, and well-developed bone, cartilage, friable pale areas and cystic structures,\" the doctor said.Sahana SP, 20, the mother, said doctors at a private hospital in Kamakshipalya had first detected a fibroid-like substance on the tip of her kidneys. \"I was told there was no threat to my child and the fibroid would be removed after delivery. I was admitted to Rajarajeshwari Hospital, where my son was born through Caesarean section.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12063698", "title": "BSP worker assaults state party chief", "text": "NAGPUR: State unit president of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) Vilas Garud and vice-president Kishor Bele were manhandled by the party's Nagpur district secretary and north Nagpur women's wing president Nanda Naik on Monday afternoon. Naik and her activists were demanding an explanation for denying her the party ticket from Panchasheel Nagar prabhag in north Nagpur for the NMC polls.Naik contested the polls unsuccessfully from the same prabhag as an independent candidate while the party's official candidate won. She accused party leaders of being involved in corrupt practices and taking bribes from aspirants.Sources said that Naik and Navin Sahare entered into a scuffle with Garud and Krishna Bele during the felicitation of 12 newly elected corporators at Lalit Bhavan, Chauks Colony, on Monday afternoon.Naik and Sahare barged on to the stage and started raising slogans. Naik, who was later arrested by Jaripatka police, shouted that Lalita Patil, wife of Bamsef leader Girish Patil, was unfairly given a ticket from Rani Durgawati-Panchasheel Nagar prabhag in north Nagpur. She claimed that a loyal party worker like her, who has worked for the party since last 21 years, was ignored.Even as Garud, Bele and newly elected corporator Murlidhar Meshram tried to pacify them, Naik and Sahare attempted to slap him and also pushed him around.Vilas Garud has been the key person for BSP supremo Mayawati in the state for the past few years. With their efforts, after a poor performance in the last election when it won only 4 seats, BSP has come back stronger this year and bagged 12 seats in north and south Nagpur areas.Later, addressing a press conference, Garud denied the allegations levelled by Nanda Naik and Navin Sahare. \"All parties face such allegations and the wrath of workers after every elections. It is not possible for the party to give tickets to everybody. We have selected suitable candidates, who could give the party a base for the forthcoming assembly and Lok Sabha polls,\" Garud said.Meanwhile, the party also held a meeting to discuss the performance of all candidates in NMC polls. The party also decided not to support the BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi or Congress-NCP in the polls mayor, deputy mayor and standing panel chief's post on March 5.Garud said, \"We have decided to remain neutral, and party has already issued a whip in this regard to all corporators in Nagpur. Similar whip has been issued in other municipal corporations, like Amravati, where party has bagged six seats, Solapur (3 seats), Thane and Ulhasnagar (2 each). \"We have contested polls against the BJP-SS and Congress-NCP, and will never support them. Instead, we are trying to create a base for our party across the state for the next polls,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067260", "title": "Maybe I got the casting wrong: Gautham Menon", "text": "Gautham Menon speaks about Ekk Deewana Tha and its dismal show...\"The film has received negative reviews collectively and the collections have not been great either,\" starts off filmmaker Gautham Menon in a matter-of--fact manner, when asked about his recently released Bollywood film that stars Prateik and Amy Jackson.Quiz him on what could be the reason for this and he states, \"This is a simple, old-fashioned romantic film. I've given it a realistic treatment. It isn't grand or out-of-this-world like the current Bollywood films, where a boy meets a girl and they hook up instantly.\"Gautham continues, \"In fact, one review in Mumbai read 'which 20-something girl in Mumbai would have never dated'. No matter how liberal or modern a family is, there will always be resistance when someone discloses that they are dating someone. Take my own case, my parents are very liberal, but they did show hesitance when I told them I was in love with a Malayali Christian (his wife now).\"The other person who has faced criticism apart from Gautham is composer A R Rahman . \"When the critics point out that there is disconnect between the film and his music, I wonder what they are seeing. Hosanna has been on the top of the charts for a while. Recent releases like Ek Main Aur Ek Tu have not had that chart-topper. And it is this same soundtrack that has won Rahman two Filmfare awards in the south,\" he reasons.So why was Vinnaithandi Varuvaaya such a big hit as opposed to this film? He admits, \"I had experienced actors like Trisha and Simbu in the film. Here, I had Prateik and Amy. Maybe, I got the casting wrong.\" The director says that maybe casting a popular face like Ranbir or Imran may have worked.The director has had two attempts in Bollywood and both have met unfavourable results. \"I don't know what could be the reason. But it is all part of the game. They didn't do well and, fair enough, I accept that. Now, I have to move on,\" he says. Quiz him if he will alter his way of filmmaking to suit the national audience and he says, \"This is the only way of filmmaking I know. I would never change that.\"Would he make another Bollywood film? \"Language has never stopped me. I made one after 10 years. When I was approached to remake Vinnaithandi Varuvaaya, I felt that it was a good way to reach out to a wider audience, every director wants that. Even bigger directors like Mani Ratnam and Ram Gopal Varma have faced flak, that doesn't mean they've shied away from filmmaking. I will definitely make another one if an opportunity comes my way,\" says Gautham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063770", "title": "Urban, rural participation key to save forests: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: Urban and rural community participation is required in equal measure to protect dwindling forests. Curb on consumption of energy resources can save forests, said experts on the concluding day of a two-day symposium on 'Central Indian Highlands Wildlife' film festival. The symposium was held at the Regional Museum of Natural History on Monday. Crusade for Revival of Environment and Wildlife (CREW) were the organizers. The theme of the symposium was on tiger habitat.Bittoo Sehgal, editor, Sanctuary Asia, highlighted there can be no life without forests. It is the collective responsibility of the urban and rural population to protect forests, he said.Dr HS Pabla, Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (Wildlife), said, \"Forest dwellers and tribal communities should be compensated adequately for the losses they incur, if we expect them to protect natural and forest resources.''The urban masses can contribute by reducing consumption of energy generated from coal and thereby save forests from getting wiped out. The tendency to acquire more and more was inherent in people. Only when that is tamed can the pressure on wildlife be reduced, said additional PCCF Ajit Sonakia.Prior to the symposium, the concluding part of the film festival was organized. Expressing her views based on the wildlife documentaries, Dr Gowri Ramnarayan said music and sound are not always necessary during documentaries. Silence can be effective for greater impact.Best of Satpura Award, student category was awarded to Shaan and Tejaswini Naik from SIMC Pune and Abhinandan Shukla bagged the award in the non-student category. The three also won 'best conversation message awards' in their respective categories. The winners were felicitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064828", "title": "Thane &amp; Raigad march ahead of Mumbai", "text": "Thane and Raigad put together will send more students than Mumbai to take the upcoming edition of the state's class X exam.Come March 1 and 1.77 lakh students from the city and 1.95 lakh students from the Thane-Raigad belt will take their first board exam.A decade ago, the student composition, if mapped geographically , was dramatically different: The two northern districts trailed the city in student count by tens of thousands.Over time, real estate prices pushed the population northwards from the city's hub. Sucheta Bhawalkar, principal, IES V N Sule School, Dadar, said, \"Not only is the population moving out of the city to these regions, students of Mumbai are opting to join schools of other boards like ICSE and CBSE.\"Since 2010, Thane and Raigad have marched ahead of the city in terms of number of students taking the class X exam.Even before this development , there were many telltale signs that pointed to rising schooling infrastructure there. In 2002, Mumbai had 1,176 schools and the two urbs had 1,167 schools. Now there are 1,332 schools in the city, while Thane and Raigad together have 1,864 schools.Sensing the shift in trend, large schools opened multiple campuses in the north, shifting growth strategy and concentrating energies out of the city. IES, one of the largest SSC schools, headquartered in Dadar, has seven campuses in Thane and Raigad.After consolidating their position in the initial years, many schools have realized the importance of bettering the quality of education they impart. It is reflecting on the student success rate in the board exam, which is comparable to that of Mumbai (see box).Bharat Mallik, trustee, Education Today Foundation which that runs St Mary's School in Kalyan, said, \"Increasing demand for better schooling has forced schools to offer quality education, but it is attracting many top schools of Mumbai to come and set up campuses here.\" His trust recently set up a school in Kalyan and is planning to set foot in Ambernath, Thane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064816", "title": "Three rapes in capital in 48 hours, three held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three separate incidents of rape occurred in the capital in the last 48 hours. In the first incident , one Brijmohan, an employee of BSES, was arrested for the alleged rape of his sister-in-law in Vivek Vihar , east Delhi. Police said he had been sexually abusing this secondyear DU student for the last one-anda-half years.''On the basis of the victim's statement , we registered a case of rape and arrested the accused. She told us that he had first taken her to a hotel in Ghaziabad and raped her. He raped her several times after that. The girl finally approached us for help and we took action,\" said a senior cop.In another incident, a 50-year-old security guard of a farmhouse in Dwarka was arrested for allegedly raping a 16-year-old differently-abled girl. Accused Nand Kumar allegedly took the victim to an isolated area and raped her, police said.''The victim narrated the incident to her parents, who then informed us. We sent the girl for medical examination and registered a case after rape was confirmed. The accused was arrested,\" said a senior police officer. In the third incident, an Indian Army staffer was held for raping a colleague's wife at the Sadar Bazaar residential headquarters. The accused was identified as Ravinder (28).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062621", "title": "Delhi government hikes OBC quota in higher institutions", "text": "NEW DELHI: With municipal corporation elections slated for April, Delhi government is making all possible attempts to woo voters. The government has increased reservation for Other Backward Classes (OBCs) from 21 per cent to 27 per cent in all government-run institutions. The six per cent increase will come into effect from the academic year 2012-13.In a cabinet meeting on Monday, all cabinet ministers gave the proposal a go ahead. \"The government has fulfilled its commitment to provide 27 per cent reservation to OBC students. The decision will go a long way in imparting higher/technical education to a large number of students coming from economically weaker sections of society, thereby providing them ample employment opportunities. It will benefit society at large,\" said chief minister Sheila Dikshit .However, the government clarified that the increase in OBC quota will not have any effect on the seats reserved for the schedule castes or the general category. \"The number of admissions in each class in each discipline would be increased by 12 per cent to ensure that the seats available for general candidates are not reduced,\" she added.The proposal was first mooted by the cabinet in 2008. The government had reserved 5 per cent seats for OBCs in 2009-10. The percentage was hiked to 15 per cent the next year and to 21 per cent in 2011-12. The Centre had decided to implement 27 % reservation for OBCs in 2009. The quota has already been implemented in all Central educational institutions in the city like Delhi University and Jawaharlal Nehru University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067086", "title": "Rajinikanth celebrates 31st wedding anniversary", "text": "The Superstar's family celebrated the couple's 31st wedding anniversary with a lunch get-together.February 26 is a special day for the Superstar family. For, the couple (Rajinikanth and Latha Rajinikanth) got married on this very day 31 years ago. This time around, the entire Rajini household got together for a lunch get-together on Sunday. Aishwarya Rajinikanth told CT, \"It was a simple lunch with the family.\" A source says, \"It was celebration time for the entire family with both the daughters wishing their parents all the best.Rajinikanth is happy that both his daughters are doing well, with Aishwarya directing her first movie (3) that's ready for release and Soundarya busy with the pre-production work on Kochadaiyaan.\" The actor is said to be recuperating quickly and looking forward to starting shoot for Kochadaiyaan, which will be helmed by Soundarya. With pre-production work still going on and the Kollywood strike in effect, it is said that Rajinikanth is using most of the free time he has on hand to catch up with his old friends in Bangalore. He has already made his presence felt in Chennai's social circuit, attending a couple of marriages, watching a play and catching up on a concert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12064611", "title": "UP polls: Mulayam baiter now enjoys bicycle ride", "text": "LUCKNOW: Here is an apt example of how priorities change in politics. Once a raging protester against Mulayam Singh Yadav's pet project, Dadri power plant, Raj Kumar Bhati is now contesting on Samajwadi Party ticket from Dadri assembly constituency, which goes to polls in the sixth phase on Tuesday. And the SP leadership has no qualms about his credentials. \"He is a changed man now. In fact, he rode a bicycle with me during my election rallies in west UP,\" SP state president Akhilesh Yadav told TOI.Dadri villagers recall how Bhati sat on a dharna under the aegis of Jan Morcha, the umbrella organization led by late Prime Minister VP Singh against land acquisition in Dadri. SP government had acquired around 2,500 acre land in 2004 and another 500 acres in 2006 by imposing the emergency provisions for the gasbased power project. But in December 2009, during the regime of Mayawati, the Allahabad high court quashed the move stating that the SP government had side-stepped a provision for inviting objections from landowners. Bhati defends his 'change of heart' for SP saying his agitation at that time revolved around inadequate compensation to farmers. \"I have been a farmers' leader. And I hold the position even today,\" he said. Bhati added that his party has declared in its manifesto to provide compensation which will be six times than that of DM circle rate. \"But at any point of time I will be able to raise this issue with my leadership,\" he told TOI. Interestingly, Bhati had contested assembly elections from Dadri in 2007 and 2002. In 2007, when BSP bagged the seat, Bhatti fought as a Jan Morcha candidate. In 2002, when Dadri seat was won by BJP's Nawab Singh Nagar, Bhati contested on Rashtriya Dehat Morcha Party ticket. But on both occasions he managed to get barely 7% votes. Manoj Bhardwaj, a local resident of Dadri, said Bhati was never a farmer leader.\"He has always been a politician who wanted to cash in on the opportunities arising here,\" he said. Bhardwaj maintained that whatever Bhati or the Samajwadi Party leadership thinks, people just want their land back. \"It is one of the most productive land in the region, lying between Ganga-Yamuna doab,\" said Ashish Praleadtap Singh, a lawyer.The Samajwadi Party decision to field Bhati has kicked off speculations that the power project could be back in the region. The 2009 legal setback may not have spelled the end of the project, but it delayed the plant way behind schedule. Mayawati government was not known to share the same enthusiasm as its predecessor which had rolled out the red carpet for the plant. At present, there is an eerie silence over the issue, both at Dadri as well in the power corridors of Lucknow.Akhilesh Yadav, however, allay fears of any forceful acquisition of land in case his party comes to power. \"But the need of a power plant cannot be ruled out in a state which faces acute power crisis. And everyone in the state knows that,\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12064576", "title": "Congress hasn\u2019t delivered? I don\u2019t agree, says Godinho", "text": "PANAJI: Congress spokesman and chief of its media campaign, Mauvin Godinho, said that the people of Goa have not forgotten the anti-minority decisions taken by the BJP when they were in power and also the \"treacherous act\" of pulling down the coalition government of Francisco Sardinha despite a promise of stability for five years.\"Just as a leopard will not change its spots, they cannot be expected to change,\", he said pointing out their thinking has not changed a bit.Referring to the coalition government of BJP and Goa People's party (GPP), a splinter group of the Congress, in 1999, Godinho who was part of it said \"We were promised by the BJP leaders that the government will run for five years. But in less than a year, he alleged, they became over ambitious and committed a treachery, and that too after telling then chief minister Francisco Sardinha that there is no threat to his leadership and that his foreign tour should not be disturbed. Within a couple of days, the BJP pulled down the government and Manohar Parrikar became the chief minister of Goa.\"Asked why the Congress-led government failed to deliver in the last five years, Godinho, disagreeing claimed \"it has achieved quite a much though there is much room for improvement and efficiency and transparency.\"To another question, he said the high command will put things in order after the elections. Important portfolios will be handled by competent ministers, he said. Godinho also said that the high command has taken stock of the reasons for the resentment among the people and assured that corrective measures will be taken by the party's central leadership to ensure efficiency and transparency. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064706", "title": "Child lured to temple in Kirti Nagar, raped", "text": "NEW DELHI: Weeks after the AIIMS baby saga unfolded, another sordid case has come to light.A six-year-old girl was kidnapped and raped in the Chunapatti area of Kirti Nagar . A private contractor found her and sent her to hospital . The two accused are the victim's neighbours, police said. The victim's father, who is a carpenter by profession , said the girl has been living in the shanty along with her parents and two brothers .He said, ''On February 24, power supply to the area was disrupted and we got busy arranging for a candle. My daughter was playing outside . A little while later she was found missing by her mother. ''My daughter later told me that a neighbour had offered her biscuits and asked her to follow him to a nearby temple, which was a kilometre away. She was lured with goodies and then raped. She was bleeding profusely from her face and forehead when we found her.''She had cigarette burn marks on her face and neck. The injuries inflicted on her forehead seemed grievous. Her eyes have been partially damaged but doctors said they were hopeful of a complete recovery. I want the perpetrators of the crime to be severly punishment,'' he said.Neighbours said the victim's brothers seldom used to interact with them.Manish Joshi, a private contractor, who rescued the child, corroborated the statement of the victim's father . He said, ''I had heard police announcements about a missing girl. I saw her sitting near the gates of the temple and asked her name. One of my friends, who is a photographer , helped me get in touch with police, who admitted her to DDU Hospital.\"''The girl's forehead was covered with blood, suggesting her attackers had assaulted her with a heavy object to smash her head. That she survived is a miracle of sorts,'' he said.The role of police is, however , under the scanner. Though the incident took place on Friday night and the child was subsequently recovered on Saturday, locals alleged despite their protests and hospital reports being shown to police, it was only on Monday that the Kirti Nagar police added IPC section 376 (rape) to the kidnapping case.Police inaction helped the accused flee their homes after the incident, they alleged . ''We had earlier complained to police that our neighbours, who had shifted here seven months back, were behaving suspiciously for the last few weeks.''Their family consists of two brothers and the wife and children of one of them. But the beat officers did not pay attention to our complaints ,'' the victim's mother alleged. Even after police saw signs of torture, no sections under attempt to murder have been registered.Police refused to comment on the issue. ''It is a delicate matter and we do not want to speak about it,'' said V Renganathan, additional commissioner of police (west). Police sources said the girl was still unfit to record her statement. No one has been arrested so far, the sources said.Doctors at Deen Dayal Upadhay and LNJP hospitals , where the girl was later taken for a CT scan, said the scan results were normal.''The girl is recovering and we have kept her under observation,'' a doctor at DDU Hospital said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12067151", "title": "Speedsters, beware of interceptors", "text": "MYSORE: Next time you hit the streets on your vehicle, keep an eye on the speedometer, lest you may have to cough up fine for over-speeding. Chances are, you can't escape from eagle-eyed traffic police who are equipped with interceptor vehicles.With just a driver and an operator -- both policemen of lowest-rank -- the police department records violation on camera installed on interceptors, a hi-tech vehicle, and serves notices to speedsters through post.Earlier, the police used to stop the errant drivers on the spot to penalize them. There was also a bit of risk involved in stopping the speeding vehicles. The task called for the presence of an officer of the rank above sub-inspector besides at least five constables. The latest system comprising six interceptors is helping the police crack down on errant drivers at different places and on different timings. In just three months, they have served notices to over 1,000 vehicle owners. They target four-wheelers following more accidents involving cars. Government-run KSRTC buses are also not being spared. Of the 1,000 cases booked since December 2011, about 80% were against four-wheeler users and 172 KSRTC bus drivers.ACP (traffic) Shankregowda said the new system is more effective and easier. \"Notices are being served to vehicle owners through post with details like date, time and place of violation, complete with a photograph,\" he added. For the purpose, the department has obtained database of vehicle owners from the respective RTOs and KSRTC authorities. A senior police officer said they will soon get the database of vehicles from the neighbouring districts too.Over 80% of the violators have paid fine at the ACP's office on Vinobha Road, and others are being directed pay fine in court. Shankregowda said they have put up speed limit signs on each road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12068275", "title": "Fishermen's killing: Ready for out of court settlement? HC asks", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala High Court today asked the owner of Italian Merchant Vessel Enrica Lexie and the families of the two fishermen allegedly killed by the naval guards whether they were willing for an out of court settlement for determining the compensation.A division bench comprising justices Thothatil B Radhakrishanan and C T Ravikumar posed the question on a petition filed by the fishermen's families complaining of inadequacy of the bank guarantee amount directed by a single bench.While Doramma wife of Valentine Jalastine had sought a compensation of Rs 1 crore, the sisters of Ajeesh Binki, another fishermen had approached the High Court for Rs 2 crore relief.The owner of the fishing boat, Freddy has also sought Rs 75 lakh compensation for the damage caused to his boat.The single Judge had ordered the ship owner to submit a bank guarantee of Rs 25 lakhs each for the families of the two killed and Rs 10 lakh for the damage caused to the boat.The Court also wanted to know who had ordered the firing and who was incharge of the naval guards who were providing security to the vessel.The bench also directed that the ship, now berthed in Kochi, shall not leave till a decision is taken on the issue of compensation.The naval guards Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Gironi have been arrested and charged with murder for allegedly shooting the two fishermen dead on February 15 off Kollam coast, an incident that has led to a diplomatic row between India and Italy, which is making hectic efforts for their release.The accused have contended before the court that Kerala police has no authority to conduct an investigation in the case and courts in India have no jurisdiction as the incident had occurred beyond the Indian territorial waters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12064000", "title": "Tree pruning angers residents of railway colonies", "text": "LUDHIANA: Chopping of trees in the railway colonies didnt go down well with one of the members of RBS Roots who filed an RTI application with the railway authorities, seeking explanation. But the railway officials in their reply mentioned that no tree has been pruned.However, according to this group and residents of the colonies, as many as 20 trees have been chopped in the past few days.The members of this group had conducted a plantation drive in the railway colonies with an aim to improve the green cover of these areas. In this group people living in railway colonies and in some other areas had joined hands to increase green cover in these railway colonies, especially the parks those were turned into garbage dumps.Gaurav Kumar Sharma of New Gopal Nagar, who had filed this RTI application, said, We had planted saplings with great enthusiasm because we wanted to reduce the temperature of this area by up to 6 degrees by planting as many as trees as possible. But some people are spoiling our efforts. Even the railway authorities are turning a blind eye towards the axing, mentioning in their reply that no trees have been pruned in colonies 1, 7, 8, 9 and 10. In actuality, several trees have been axed badly. I have written again to the department for looking into the matter.Mostly residents of the area supported the cause, but there are a few people destroying the green cover. As they have no respect for greenery and rules, they went to extent to convince other people to cut trees in front of their houses as well, alleged Dr Amarjit Singh, who is heading this group.Divisional traffic manager at city station, Parminder Singh said, Trees have not been axed. We had done pruning but that too was very light. If some of the residents feel wrong has been done, we would look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12063148", "title": "It's strikemare for businessmen", "text": "KOCHI: Yet another strike will paralyze the state on Tuesday. And there are many around who will celebrate! However, it's not good news for business houses and shopkeepers, who stand to lose substantially if they are forced to shut down even for a day.They cannot keep their establishments open even if they dare, as strike means transportation system slumps, which in turn means employees don't turn up. Most businessmen, therefore, feel the present mode of protests is out-dated.KN Marzook, chairman, Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said that if a shop in the city remains closed for a single day, its owner would have to bear a loss of about 10 per cent of his/her total sales.\"Whether an establishment functions or not, its owner has to pay the building rent, staff salary and bank interest. No businessman is exempted from paying this,\" he said.Marzook, who dubbed strikes an out-dated mode of protest, said most shops in the city remain closed on strike days owing to reasons of security and lack of transportation facilities. \"Most of my staff depend on public transport; they cannot come to work on days of strike. Without employees, how can one run a shop,\" the KCCI chairman asked.Most of the shop owners say they are ready to keep their shops open if customers turn up.NH Shameed, a vegetable wholesale merchant in Ernakulam Market, said that if his shop remains closed on a day, he will have to bear a loss of about Rs 30,000.\"Most of us have bank loans and such other liabilities that we have to settle by Saturday. If we are forced to close down for a day, our plans for the entire week get derailed,\" he said. \"Last Wednesday also we had to shut shops as part of a protest; I incurred a loss of Rs 25,000 because of that,\" he added.For most Kochiites, meanwhile, it is yet another holiday which they can spend with their family. Puja Menon, a homemaker, said that on strike/hartal days, all the members of her family would remain at home, and they have a good time.\"The only problem is that we cannot go out shopping or outing as most of the shops remain closed, and vehicles don't ply,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12063447", "title": "No SEZ status for Infosys: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday made it clear that her government is not going to give SEZ status to Infosys. And on the same day, her industries minister Partha Chatterjee announced the visit by a senior Infosys official to thrash out the SEZ imbroglio.In an interview to a television channel, the chief minister said that the SEZ status sought by Infosys stood rejected in line with the state's land policy. Just a few hours after that, Chatterjee announced at Writers' Buildings: \"Vinod Hampapur (senior vice-president and global head - commercial and corporate) had sought an appointment with me. I will meet him at 11.30am on Wednesday.\"There was no clear indication whether the Infosys official would meet the chief minister who is scheduled to leave for Darjeeling the same day. Even though she ruled out granting SEZ status, Mamata sounded very positive about Infosys in her interview. \"I want Infosys to come and I have full sympathy for them. I will give all the benefits they want. If it's possible for me, I will give them all the benefits they are supposed to get in an SEZ, provided they don't press for the name 'SEZ'.\"The chief minister added, \"If I formulate a law and a policy that I shall not allow SEZ, then how can I relax it for an individual firm? I was against SEZ and I shall be against it in future. We have prepared a land policy and our stand about Infosys is in line with it.\"Mamata added that the government wants Infosys to come to the state and the youth of the state to reap the benefits of its presence. \"But we are opposed to granting SEZ status to a company as we are against FDI in retail, forceful acquisition of land and privatization of banking and insurance sector. We have a principled stand on all these issues,\" she said.Infosys was recently allotted 50 acres at Rajarhat for its maiden venture in the state. The company had made full payment for the land in October, 2011. Recently, it wrote a letter to Hidco ( Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation), seeking clarification on its SEZ status in the state. It had quoted a clause from the land agreement, in which the government has promised the company SEZ status, saying if the government was unable to fulfil the covenants of the agreement, the company would be forced to return the land.Chatterjee said, \"We heard that Infosys has written to Hidco. They have now sought an appointment with me. It's not possible to talk on such matters over the phone - it's time to discuss the matter one-on-one and resolve the issue.\"Echoing the CM's views, the minister said, the administration would do its best to give SEZ-like tax benefits to the IT bellwether. \"We have decided to repeal our state SEZ Act. But we are ready to help them (Infosys) in every possible way. They should have known our stand while proceeding with the project - it's an open document.\"Infosys was supposed to start work by April, but the plans have now been put on hold, primarily because the company doesn't want to start work without the SEZ status.I want Infosys to come to Bengal. If it's possible for me, I will give all the benefits they are supposed to get in an SEZ, provided they don't press for the name 'SEZ'Mamata Banerjee| CM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "repalle", "code": "12063113", "title": "Mopidevi Venkata Ramana calls the shots in Repalle", "text": "REPALLE: Mopidevi Venkata Ramana, who is in the eye of a storm for allegedly taking Rs 10 lakh bribe from a liquor syndicate member, is no pushover in this constituency where his writ runs large. While each of the five mandals have separate representatives to 'settle' matters, locals say the excise minister's younger brother Harinath Babu `looks' after the entire constituency.Liquor merchants say the minister's immediate family owns six shops in the constituency and several other shops are managed by his followers and close relatives. \"A shop in Nizampatnam which was auctioned for Rs 28 lakh in 2010 makes a business of Rs 2-3 crore now,\" said an excise official. While his family has been in liquor business for long, several shops in the constituency went for a song even before Mopidevi became excise minister.Mopidevi, who was a low-profile Youth Congress leader, belongs to the backward fishermen community. His rivals allege that he had turned the segment into a faction zone by terrorizing his rivals but his followers term the charges as baseless. His rise in politics is meteoric. He lost two elections and won in 1999 with a wafer-thin majority.A staunch follower of Nedurumalli Janardhan Reddy, Mopidevi shifted loyalties to late YSR in 2004 and was rewarded with a ministry to oversee land acquisition for the controversial Vanpic project. \"Whether it's an auction, tender, sale or construction, the contract is awarded to the person named by the minister. Officials are shunted out of the constituency if he is not obeyed,\" a TDP leader not wanting to be named pointed out.No official at the ground level in the Kuchinapudi constituency where Mopidevi held fort before shifting to Repalle felt comfortable thanks to the constant pressure tactics adopted by the minister. An IFS officer, who was regional chief of vigilance and enforcement wing, faced the minister's ire after one lakh litres of PDS kerosene was seized near Nizampatnam harbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066817", "title": "Flower show attracts huge crowd", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The second day of the flower and fruit exhibition attracted huge crowd at the Company Bagh on Sunday. People from various sections of the society participated in it. Prize distribution was also held.Many beautiful flowers, usually not found in this part of the country, were exhibited in the floral show. There were different varieties of flowers, fruits and vegetables that were displayed.Women and children were the enthusiastic lot that thronged the Company Bagh. Sachi, an enthusiast said: \"I love flowers and organizing such an event is appreciable as it brings people closer to nature. People should also be educated about the importance of plants and flowers in our lives and efforts should be made to conserve natural resources.\"Rajni, another flower lover, said: \"The sight of the flowers soothes our senses and the children should be educated to plant one sapling in a month so that greenery can be promoted.\" Such exhibitions also enhance knowledge about different flowers, fruits and vegetables.Some youngsters were seen clicking photographs.Participants from Pratapgarh, Kaushambi and Fatehpur also took part in the exhibition. Some of the government organizations also participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067190", "title": "Heavyweights of dance music scene descend in Chennai", "text": "The partygoers of Chennai braced themselves for a musical explosion like no other as two heavyweights of the Indian electronic dance music scene decided to descend on the city.The astute crowd of the city had their hands full with the talents unleashed at this popular nightclub that was throbbing with the energy of the beats. Pretty women, hunky lads, and everyone in between made it a point to join in the revelries as this kickass confluence got into full steam. From breakbeats to dubstep to house and more, the music buffs of namma Chennai just couldn't get enough. While the happy feet made themselves comfortable on the dancefloor, the rest of the boys and gals settled down for a drink.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12064021", "title": "Spotlight back on Rathore\u2019s role", "text": "JAIPUR: Following the surrender of suspended ADG AK Jain, the Central Bureau of Investigations (CBI) is optimistic to peel up the case and bring clarity to the role of former PWD minister and BJP leader Rajendra Rathore.After Jain surrendered himself before the special CBI court on Monday, the officials of the CBI investigating the case believe that it will give an altogether new direction to the investigation of the case.CBI in its charge-sheet filed on June, 3, 2011 had named former Rajasthan minister and BJP MLA Rajendra Singh Rathore in its chargesheet in the Dara Singh fake encounter case, saying that he had a \"strong motive and selfish interest\" behind the murder. However, the agency didn't make him an accused in the case then.A day after the chargesheet was filed, Rathore had refuted the charges saying it was an effort towards his \"political encounter\".When asked how important was the arrest of Jain, a senior CBI officer preferring anonymity, said, \"During the fake encounter of Dara Singh there were details of calls made by him (Rathore) to Jain. Thus, a serious interrogation of Jain will certify the things and especially clear the role of Rahtore in this case.\"Special public prosecutor, CBI, Sarfarz Haider Khan also said that CBI will seek for Jain's police custody on Tuesday. \"CBI has to interrogate him to find out a few missing links in the case. Since Jain was supervising the encounter it is necessary to find out if there were people who were guiding him and the team into the encounter of Dara Singh,\" he said.CBI has also added that since Rathore's role is yet to be examined in the fake encounter of Dara Singh, investigation is kept pending against Rathore under section 173(8) CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062729", "title": "State edupreneurs bullish on growth", "text": "MUMBAI: States such as Maharashtra, AP, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu , Haryana and Chhattisgarh had asked the AICTE not to clear proposals for new institutes after waking up to the fact that the number of vacant seats in engineering and management colleges has risen dramatically over the last three years. India is now home to 3,393 engineering colleges that have 14.86 lakh seats; there are 3,900 management schools with a total student intake of 3.5 lakh. Maharashtra, AP, TN, Karnataka and UP have about 70% tech institutes. When admissions closed last year, AICTE estimated that nearly three lakh seats were unfilled.Despite AICTE's decision, many states decided not to allow colleges to start this year, with the state governments and the council embarking on a collision course.This year, the AICTE received a total of 204 applications for new engineering institutes and 86 for MBA colleges. \"This year, we saw an interest in colleges again wanting to invest in engineering education. Applications from the southern states are down to a trickle,\" added AICTE chairman S S Mantha. AP, which has the largest number of engineering colleges in India, has dispatched merely eight applications and a similar number for MBA colleges.However, over time, with no plan, growth has been skewed, but if AICTE's optimism is anything to go by, the country will now see professional colleges springing up in areas like the north-east and in central India, which are yet suffering from low enrolment in the professional education sector.Edupreneurs (education entrepreneurs) from Maharashtra are bullish on growth in this sector. Maharashtra has a rich pool of 348 engineering institutes and 408 MBA colleges. The fact that 34,000 seats did not have any takers last year did not play spoilsport. The AICTE received 30 applications to start engineering colleges and 15 for MBA institutes from Maharashtra this year. \"We have received the highest number of applications from Maharashtra. We have 307 applicants (almost 50% of the entire pool) for starting polytechnics from across India,\" added Mantha.Overall, the slowdown is perceptible: two years ago, the AICTE received 2,176 applications to start new professional degree colleges and this time around, the number stands at a paltry 362.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064888", "title": "Two MCD engineers in CBI net for graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation has registered a case against two engineers of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi for allegedly allowing a retired Major General to carry out illegal construction on his property on NH-8 in Mahipalpur. CBI officials said the engineers made monetary gains out of this and they have been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act.The MCD officers of Najafgarh Zone booked by CBI are the then assistant engineer (building) Anil Mittal and the then junior engineer (building) S K Maan. CBI conducted raids at the residence of the accused and seized several incriminating documents related to the unauthorized construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12062666", "title": "Vaccine is only a preventive measure", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you think that vaccine against chickenpox will cure you of the disease, think again. For, it will only worsen the pox, as it contains killed micro-organisms (viruses, bacteria) of the infection administered for prevention. \"And induction of more such viruses when these are already present can flare up the pox,\" said Dr R S Bedi, a paediatrician. The vaccine, which doctors recommend as optional, is not included in the routine immunization schedule. \"The Indian academy of paediatricians, however, recommends the vaccine. At the age of one year, the first shot is given. The revised guidelines suggest another shot at the age of five years,\" said Dr Sunil Agarwal, a neonatologist in a private hospital.\"If the shot is given within 48 to 72 hours of exposure to the virus, it will check its spread. Besides, the duration as well as the severity of the disease are reduced in the case of those persons who had been vaccinated,\" Dr Agarwal added.The vaccine has not been included in the routine immunization schedule as the virus does not cause disability as in polio.\"When one is suffering from the infection, he should not be given aspirin as it can cause hemorrhage. Chickenpox alleviates after a week or so. Vaccination only prevents it, there is no point giving a shot to a person who is already infected,\" said Dr Meenu Singh, a paediatrician in PGI.\"Besides, it checks others from contracting the infection. Pregnant women should wait to get chickenpox vaccine till they have given birth. And, women should not get pregnant for a month after getting the vaccine,\"Dr Agarwal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12063873", "title": "Missing girl found on Gwalior-bound train", "text": "INDORE: A 13-year-old girl, who went missing from the city on Sunday evening, was found a few hours later on a Gwalior-bound train by a ticket examiner.Police said that the girl, daughter of Mohan Singh and resident of Sanchar Nagar in the city, went missing on Sunday evening. Mohan is the principal of a private school and her mother is the vice-principal of another city-based private school.According to police, the girl accompanied her mother to a local beauty parlour in the evening. When her mother went inside the beauty parlour, the girl disappeared from there.She was later found in a Gwalior-bound train when ticket examiner noticed her and asked the ticket at around 9 pm on Sunday. The girl failed to produce a ticket.The railway official alerted the GRP personnel and they, on becoming suspicious over the behaviour of the girl, asked the contact numbers of her parents. When, they called on the number given by her, they were told that the girl was missing.The GRP personnel reached the girl at Saranpur railway station and informed the police control room as well as her family members.Later, the girl's family members reached the station and brought her to Indore.However, what prompted the girl to board the train alone was not clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12065094", "title": "Civic body calls for tenders to install waste plant", "text": "Corporation of Chennai has called for tenders to install an integrated waste management system in the city and find a viable solution to get rid of the Kodungaiyur and Perungudi dumping yards.\"People involved in waste management have been called to set up an integrated municipal solid waste processing facility to dispose about 2,500 tonnes of garbage daily,\" said commissioner PWC Davidar.Tenders have also been called for the projects that involve scientifically closing down the Kodungaiyur and Perungudi dumping yards and street conservancy operations, including door-to-door waste collection and street cleaning in several zones. Davidar said several people had made presentations expressing interest.The tenders, open to firms and multinational companies in India and abroad, are to be submitted by March 16. The proposed integrated solid waste management system has been mired in controversy since the corporation council passed a resolution in November approving a plan to convert waste to energy, providing a permanent solution to the garbage disposal issue.\"We are looking at a procedure that will segregate garbage and send the recyclable and biodegradable items to the necessary industries. The non-degradable and non-recyclable items will be converted into refusedrive fuel (RDF) or that can be used by industries,\" said a corporation official . This, say officials, will completely eliminate the role of a landfill.Activists assert that an 'integrated solid waste management procedure' will definitely pollute the environment, while commissioner Davidar says the technology will have to be tried and tested.\"Our first condition is that the successful bidder should not pollute the air. They should have a successful plant or process in some other place. It should have been working for longer than a year and should have been dealing with an amount of garbage that is close to the 2,500 tonnes generated in Chennai daily.\"The civic body has already started meeting people dealing with the technology . \"We have met around 20 people from India and abroad. They all promise to be eco-friendly . Now we are waiting to see who can give us the best deal,\" said Davidar.Now, the garbage collected from across the city is dumped in two large pieces of land in Perungudi and Kodungaiyur . Activists and residents of the two areas have been protesting against the dumping and the air pollution it causes. They have been urging the corporation to look at ways to close down the dumping yards. According to the corporation website, the Kodungaiyur dumping yard is supposed to be closed down in 2015.Presently, Hyderabad-based Ramky Enviro Pvt Limited has been entrusted with the task of conservancy operations in zones 9, 10 and 13 of the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12064696", "title": "Kalyan factor returns to haunt BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Kalyan factor is back to haunt the Bharatiya Janata Party as it gears up for the next phase of polling in the western belt. Former UP chief minister and once the most prominent face of Ram Mandri movement, Kalyan Singh has fielded his army -- the Rashtriya Jan Kranti Dal --all along the Lodh-backward route in the western front. Senior leaders shrug off any perceptible threat like what they had faced in 2002 when Kalyan actually dented their chances in 68 constituencies.But, there is a reasonable apprehension among them that the grand old rebel is poised to trip them in more than two dozen seats in and around Hathras, Aligarh and Bulandshahr pockets. At least 50 seats in western UP record 5 to 13 per cent presence of most backward classes (MBC), particularly Lodh presence. In constituencies like Sayana, Atraluli, Dibai, Khair, Iglas, Bhojipura, Bahedi, Bisalpur, Purqazi, Puuranpur and Shikarpur, the segment is known to play a decisive role.Even though BJP has tried to counter Kalyan's charisma by launching a high-voltage campaign spearheaded by Uma Bharti and it is hopeful that Gadkari's subtle hints of popping Uma as the next chief minister UP would make the MBC voters flock back to the saffron camp, Kalyan's camp is dismissive of this \"misplaced optimism\". \"Loyalty in these areas pays more than instant glamour... Babuji is irreplaceable and the results will prove this,\" claims general secretary of Rashtri-ya Jan Kranti Dal, Shan- kar lal. Spurning away BJP's advances Kalyan has fielded 256 candidates this time. The number could seem over-ambitious but even arch-rivals like former BJP minister and MP Ashok Pradhan, who is said to be the main cause of Kalyan's rift with the BJP and final split, frankly admits that Kalyan Singh's entry in the arena has complicated things. \"His impact is definitely there, but in much mellower form than what we had seen earlier,\" Pradhan told TOI. Pradhan, now the national secretary of BJP, even claimed that Kalyan's son Rajveer Singh and daughter-in-law Premlata, who is a former BJP MLA, are on a slippery turf in Atrauli and Dibai.Rajveer faces former BSP MLA Guddu Pandit, now in SP, and Vinod Upadhyaya, who is younger brother of state energy minister Ramveer Upadhyaya, while Prem Lata is pitted against SP's Viersh Yadav, BJP's Rajesh Upadhya and Congress-RLD candidate Chaudhary Vijedra Singh in a triangular fight. \"Kalyan's magic,\" Pradhan said, \"is not going to be of much help to own family. Remember it is 2012, not 2002.\" BJP has still not forgotten how Kalyan had proved to be the party pooper in 2002 election. It ended up winning 90 seats and the general perception in the saffron camp is that had Rashtriya Jan Kranti Dal not divided the MBCs, BJP would have emerged as the single largest party. He was then the tallest leader, Hindutva's unchallenged icon. Kalyan's disillusionment with the party and parting ways in November 2002 angered the MBC segment. However, much water has flown down in the intervening years. In 2007, after the reunion with Kalyan, BJP projected him as the potential chief ministerial candidate but the strategy could impact only two dozen odd constituencies. That indicated a sharp decline in his popularity which has dipped further, BJP sources say.Finally, his handshake with Mulayam Singh Yadav in 2009 rudely jolted his core supporters and this would show up in results, they feel. Kalyan Singh has lost most of the sheen from his halo and his influence is reduced to minimal, BJP state president Surya Pratap Shahi declared. Shahi's posturing fails to impress many of his senior colleagues. They are keeping their fingers crossed. Kalyan Singh, as one of them remarked, \"may not help them win but he can surely ensure that they lose and lose badly\".Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12064969", "title": "HC seeks CBI\u2019s response on CCTVs, entry registers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday sought response of the CBI on the demand of installation of CCTV cameras and making available entry registers in the CBI offices. The matter will come up for next hearing on March 19. The order came from a division bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi on a public interest litigation .The petitioner has alleged that the functioning of the CBI officials at the time of interrogation is not transparent . The CBI's highhandedness with the witnesses is claiming lives of innocent persons, said the petitioner. The CBI is presently seized up with important investigations like that of NRHM and food grain scam etc. The CBI summons witnesses at its office and interrogates them. Recently, a couple of deaths have taken place allegedly due to pressure from the CBI, submitted the petitioner.In order to put a check on the CBI interrogators, and saving the innocent persons from the central agency's high-handedness , it is necessary that the CCTV cameras should be installed in the interrogation room and entry register be maintained in which the entry and exit time of the witness etc should be mentioned to ensure transparency in CBI's investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "12064134", "title": "JD-U leader\u2019s kendu leaf godown sealed, FIR lodged", "text": "SASARAM: After sealing the godown stacked with kendu leaves of the state general secretary of JD(U), Israr Khan, on Monday, the Kaimur police lodged a named FIR against him under various sections of the IPC. The JD(U) leader managed to escape from the spot.Police sources said that on Monday, ASP, Bhabhua, Harprit Kaur during a checking drive spotted a four- wheeler carrying kendu leaves on Bhabhua-Chainpur road in Kaimur district. The driver failed to produce any paper relating to the forest produce. After interrogation, the driver revealed that the item was loaded from the godown of the JD(U) state general secretary, and the ASP sealed the godown at Chainpur under the same police station, as the environment and forest department had informed the police that no permission had been granted to the JD(U) leader for storing the leaves in the godown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12064217", "title": "Key tax rebate files go missing", "text": "GURGAON: The inquiry set up by municipal commissioner Sudhir Rajpal to find out on what compelling basis the tax department officials gave huge rebate to hundreds of tax payers in the corporation areas, has taken a curious turn. A meeting called by the joint commissioner on Monday, in which senior department officials were present, was told that the files, which had the documents on the basis of which the rebate was given, have gone missing.According to sources, the officials are blaming a private agency that was engaged to carry out the house tax survey.\"When the joint commissioner asked the four zonal taxation officers (ZTO) to produce the documents and other evidence on the basis of which they had given relief to hundreds of residents, running into lakhs of rupees, they could not. The officers claimed they had given rebate in genuine cases where the residents submitted proof showing that the house tax was assessed wrongly. They said the files containing them have either been misplaced or lost, and cannot be traced. Saying they were not responsible, the officers blamed the private agency for misplacing the files,\" said a source.The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon had hired a private agency to map the corporation area in order to assess how much tax needs to levied on each house and commercial establishment.The agency officials though said they were in no way involved in the matter and such documents were not handled by them. \"There is a strong possibility that the officials concerned have taken money in return for giving rebate worth lakhs of rupees and since they don't have documents to prove their innocence, they are trying to shift the blame and implicate us unnecessarily,\" said one of them.The MCG authorities said they were doing their best to locate the files and action would be taken against the guilty.\"We have given some time to the ZTOs to locate the files and also trying to see if a duplicate copy can be retrieved from the Citizen Facilitation Centre.Something is wrong somewhere and we are looking into the matter. The pretext of files going missing is not entirely new and we will investigate the matter,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12062914", "title": "Birth anniversary of Raghavendra Swamy", "text": "Various religious activities and programmes will be held to mark the 417th birth anniversary of Sri Raghavendra Swamy at the Raghavendra Swamy Mutt at Sadashiv Peth, Laxmi road, on February 29. Cultural and other religious programmes are being held daily at the Mutt since February 23. Similar religious programmes will also be held at the Raghavendra Swamy Mutt at Chinchwad, said S Gururaj Rao, manager, SRVS Mutt, Pune.Conference on corporate governance: Shri Shivaji Maratha Society's Institute of Management of Research, Pune, will organise a three-day national conference on 'Corporate governance and sustainability' under the quality improvement programme of the University of Pune at the institute from March 1. The conference aims at understanding business cycles in India and identifying strategies for converting them in opportunities and role of individuals, institutions and government in the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064871", "title": "BMC running behind time to fix city's major roads", "text": "Mumbaikars will have to once again endure nightmarishly bad roads this year, if the pace of the BMC's work to concretise and asphalt the city's 165 major roads is any indication. Though the deadline for the first phase of the Rs 550-crore project is Wednesday, much of the task remains unfinished. Ahead of a review meeting early next month, the civic body admitted that 10% to 15% of the work in the major roads project is running behind schedule.\"The overall deadline (for the project) is May 15, which may be extended by 15 days. About 10% to 15% of the work is running behind schedule. Specifically, around 57 roads targeted in the first phase have not been completed,\" admitted additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta, who is in charge of the Rs 550-crore project.The civic body claimed there were \"strong reasons\" for the delay. \"The civic machinery got busy with the election. Beyond this, we faced difficulties while dealing with the public. Utilities such as water pipelines in areas like Shivaji Nagar have been a major problem. Due to unresolved issues, we will have to drop the repair work in such areas,\" said Gupta.Of the 165 major roads to be concretised and asphalted under the project, 38 fall in the island city, 75 in the western suburbs and 52 in the eastern suburbs. A senior roads department official from the eastern suburbs admitted that in these neighbourhoods 60% of the road work is yet to be completed. \"The first phase deadline is primarily to get the traffic police's permissions, not to conclude the task. Besides, we cannot work on both lanes of roads together. At any point of time, work has to proceed on just one lane,\" claimed the official. Roads department officials in charge of the western suburbs claimed that in their areas the major road project is on track.On the whole, in financial terms, the municipal corporation has till now utilized 33% of the funds allocated for the project. It was meant to use 40% of the funds in this financial year and the remaining in the coming financial year. \"We are also looking at the progress made in the repair work through the financial allocation,\" argued Gupta.Experts demanded that the corporation undertake a mid-term review. \"There is no point in starting work on new roads,\" said NV Merani, chairman of the standing technical advisory committee. \"The civic body should opt for a mid-term review. Work should not be abandoned in between.\"The civic administration claimed that the major roads project has been hindered by encroachments and utilities. These impediments hold back efforts to widen roads, which, in turn, adversely affects resurfacing work.The BMC may have to drop plans to resurface 10 roads in Shivaji Nagar due to illegal water connections. \"Unless these connections are shifted to a new pipeline, we cannot carry out the road work. The public in Shivaji Nagar haven't been cooperating with us,\" said Gupta.In parts of south Mumbai-Byculla, Grant Road and Kalbadevi-the hurdles in road-widening have been encroachments and old structures, the BMC claimed. For these issues to be addressed, it is imperative to first rehabilitate the project-affected people.The Dharavi 90-Foot Road has around 604 commercial establishments whose owners the BMC needs to rehabilitate in order to widen the motorway. According to the 1991 Development Plan, the road is meant to be 90-feet-wide. Due to encroachments, however, the road's width at present is about 40 to 50 feet.Similarly, there are around 80 structures and 127 hutments on Maulana Azad Road in Byculla, which the civic body plans to widen to 90 feet. Morlean Road, which is currently home to 167 shanties, has to be widened to 60 feet from the present 40 feet.Times ViewOne would have hoped last year's trenchant criticism of the state of Mumbai's roads during and after monsoon would have goaded the BMC into doing better this year. But the pace of work on the ground indicates Mumbaikars are staring at another pothole-ridden monsoon this year. Giving motorable roads round the year does not require rocket science; it needs a sense of responsibility and being sensitive to the citizen's basic needs. The apathy with which citizens' problems are treated by the BMC could be one of the major reasons behind the voter apathy seen during elections in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062746", "title": "Uddhav justifies Sainiks threatening scientist over Jaitapur N-plant", "text": "MUMBAI: Nuclear scientist Dr Anil Kakodkar's speech in favour of the Jaitapur N-plant, scheduled for Tuesday in Ratnagiri, has been cancelled following threats by the Shiv Sena .Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray saw nothing wrong in the Sainiks' threat to Kakodkar. \"In fact, the Jaitapur nuclear plant is a threat to all of us. Who will take responsibility if something goes wrong in the power plant,\" he asked. Uddhav was speaking informally to mediapersons on the sidelines of a party function in Mumbai.\"Dr Kakodkar's pro-Jaitapur speech will not be allowed on the soil of Ratnagiri,\" said local Sena MLA Rajan Salvi. Emboldened by its victory in the civic polls, Sena has begun to flex its muscles, say observers. The Sena is keen on consolidating its Ratnagiri bastion in view of Congress minister Narayan Rane's support to the N-plant.Kakodkar said the organizers of his Ratnagiri speech informed him that his address has been cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kapurthala", "code": "12064088", "title": "Kapurthala jail violence: Poison in jail inmate\u2019s viscera", "text": "KAPURTHALA: A poisonous substance has been found in the viscera of jail inmate Baldev Singh, whose death last year had led to large scale violence in Kapurthala modern jail on November 20, in which one person was killed in firing by jail staff. Jail sources confirmed that viscera report mentioned that the cause of death was stated to be organophosphorous compound, which is a commonly used in pesticides.This has further deepened the mystery behind the inmate's death as to how the poison reached him in the backdrop of allegations that drugs were being smuggled into the jail. After jail authorities tightened noose, addict prisoners had resorted to violence.A jail official said that organophosphorous compound was being commonly found in viscera in some cases and they had already written to the state government and National Human Rights Commission to investigate the mater.It could be coming through vegetables, etc., as pesticides are reportedly being used in heavy quantities in Punjab, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12062580", "title": "624 juvenile offenders held in 3 years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cases of juvenile delinquency are on the rise in Chandigarh, with minor boys being arrested for petty offences as well as those of heinous nature. A total 624 juveniles have been arrested in 408 cases during the past three years and 292 juveniles out of 624 were arrested for petty offences including snatching, pick-pocketing, gambling and thefts. A detailed data of four years between 2008 and 2011, revealed a total 21 juveniles have been arrested in murder cases and 24 were arrested in attempt to murder cases. Sensational murders involving juveniles include murder of 35-year-old auto driver Vijay Shankar Dewedi in December, 2010, and a 21-year-old Pushkar outside Government Model Senior Secondary School ( GMSSS), Sector 19, in September, 2011. Six juveniles out of 21 arrested for murder were schoolgoing students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12063442", "title": "PMC staff, Rickshaw Panchayat not to go on strike", "text": "PUNE: The employees of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) have decided to support the nationwide agitation to protest against rising prices, disinvestment of profit-making PSUs and violation of labour laws, among other issues. But, the civic body employees would not directly participate in the strike.Trade unions, cutting across party lines have called for the nationwide strike.\"The PMC employees will not stop their work. But, they will come to protest. They will come to the PMC gate, where an agitation is planned. They will come there and show their solidarity to the ten demands for which the agitation is taking place,'' Mukta Manohar, leader of the PMC worker's union, said. \"The PMC will function as usual.''Services of nationalised banks, state-owned insurance companies and industries in the city will be affected following a nationwide token strike called on Tuesday.The Rashravadi Mazdoor Sangh and the Maharashtra State Anganwadi Workers' Committee have announced their participation in the strike.Meanwhile, the Rickshaw Panchayat too has announced that it will not join the strike. The Rickshaw Panchayat, along with other unions like Hamal Panchayat, workers unions at Shivaji Market Yard, tempo, and hawkers will support the demands of the workers unions, but will not participate in the bandh, district president of the Anganwadi Karmachari Sabha, Nitin Pawar, said in a statement.Anganwadi workers will, however, participate in the strike and hold demonstrations at the district collectorate on Tuesday, Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062555", "title": "In Hyderabad, specialist doctors treat cough, cold", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly 40 per cent of the doctors deployed in the 64 Urban Health Posts (UHPs), five maternity centres and 21 civil dispensaries in the twin cities are specialists. Ironically, these highly-trained doctors like paediatricians, radiologists and anesthetists are treating patients for cold and cough. But they are not unhappy doing that what with the comforts of an 11 am-to-1 pm job that pays them on a par with the overburdened specialists who are sweating it out in the ill-equipped area and district hospitals.The state capital has over 39 paediatricians, gynaecologists, dermatologists, radiologists and anesthetists working in the city's UHPs and dispensaries. Besides, there are several diploma holders working in UHPs as well as teaching hospitals who can be redeployed in the many community health centres and area/district hospitals where a staggering 183 posts are lying vacant.Primary health care was on the wane when the state government launched a massive revitalization exercise in 2010-11 to curb the high infant and maternal mortality rates under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). Apart from establishing 360 community health and nutrition clusters by creating a network of primary health centres (PHCs), area and district hospitals, there was large scale reshuffling of medical workforce. The government redeployed over 600 specialists working in PHCs to community health centres and area hospitals and replaced them with MBBS doctors working in area and district hospitals.Consequently, the redeployment of doctors happened across the state except in Hyderabad. Sources in the health department said that these specialists have no substantial role to play in the UHPs and dispensaries where an MBBS doctor can serve the purpose. \"Where they are needed most, they are missing. Attitude of these health officials has resulted in the acute shortage of specialists, leading to overcrowding of the out-patient departments. Many lives are lost due to this,\" said a senior official.Officials questioned the government's 'liberal' attitude towards these specialists who are allegedly staying put in their posts with some influence. Most of them have a thriving private practice within the vicinity of the UHPs, although rules bar them from doing so within a kilometer radius of their work place.\"Many doctors don't turn up in the UHPs and dispensaries. If they come, they are present between 11 am and 1 pm. It's a well-paid job. These people have to be pulled out,\" said an official in the Commissioner Family Welfare (CFW) office. He added that the initiative could not be implemented till date because of CFW's prolonged absence. IAS officer Y Srilakshmi was holding the post till a few months ago when she was put behind bars in the Obulapuram mining scam.Officials said the existing vacancies are actually not real. For instance, a recent GO issued by the state government in February this year gives permission for filling of 160 posts of peadiatricians alone on contract basis. Natarajan Gulzar, district collector, who is the convener of committee formed by the government to review the placement of staff and reposition them, has been pursuing the matter.When contacted, Gulzar said that the state government has issued a separate GO for Hyderabad but it has to be implemented. \"The institutions in Hyderabad are under different heads and implementing the GO here is a different ballgame. If it is implemented, Hyderabad will be the first city that will have a three-tier system in place right from the primary till the tertiary care level,\" said Gulzar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12063488", "title": "Teachers caught in bandh dilemma", "text": "KOLKATA: The government's diktat that absence from service on Tuesday, the \"bandh day\", will be treated as a break from service has unnerved the teachers of government schools in the state. They spent the entire Monday trying to interpret the government circular on the bandh, which clearly says that no leave will be sanctioned to the concerned government employee if he/she fails to show up.Teachers of government-aided schools, colleges and universities are not direct employees of the government, but they fear punitive action, too. As things stand now, most teachers will, therefore, be \"forced\" to defy the bandh on Tuesday.\"The biggest scare is the threat to one's service record. Never in the past did anyone face such a threat for his absence during a bandh. Though we have not received the circular yet and have come to know about the impact through the media, the fact that leave will not be sanctioned for absence might mean anything from deduction of salary on the lighter side to break in service on a serious note. The latter has grave implications on one's provident fund and pension,\" said a teacher of Hindu School.The West Bengal Government School Teachers' Association, which was earlier controlled by the Left, was divided on the issue. \"Our union is making sure that there is full attendance. We have even advised parents to send kids to school because exams are nearing and the syllabus has to be completed,\" said Subhankar Maitra, a member of the now Trinamool-run association.However, teachers who held posts in the association during the Left regime warned, \"What of teachers who live in far off places and find it difficult to come to school on a bandh day? No one can be penalized for a day's absence. A dent in their service record is a black spot and the law of the land does not support this. There is clear reference to this in the West Bengal Service Rules.\"Though Calcutta University does not have any examination scheduled on Tuesday, the vice-chancellor's office has advised all teaching and non-teaching staff to remain present. \"Classes and all other academic and non-academic activities will be held as per schedule,\" said vice-chancellor Suranjan Das.For Presidency University, Tuesday will be just another normal working day. \"On Monday, we chalked out some extremely important decisions for Tuesday. We did not feel the urge to re-schedule any of our engagement because teachers and even non-teaching staff have assured me that the university will work normally on Tuesday,\" V-C Malabika Sarkar said.Leading private schools of the city like La Martiniere for Boys, St James, St Xavier's and Modern High School for Girls, will remain closed, though. They choose not to \"take risks\" as they fear widespread tension on Tuesday. Since the Madhyamik, ICSE and ISC exams have been re-scheduled, other school exams have also been postponed. Schools, however, have not declared an \"official holiday.\" Gates will remain open and both students and teachers are free to walk in.Times ViewWhile a shutdown on any pretext is not desirable, a bandh particularly during this time of the year - when examinations are held in schools and colleges - leaves students in a spot. A bandh helps nobody to prove any point. Instead, it affects a state's progress - economically and socially. Political parties should be more responsible in choosing their method of protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064925", "title": "Katrina Kaif\u2019s dream role revived", "text": "The Sippy family feud is over. Remake of GP Sippy's Seeta Aur Geeta that starred the actress can now go on floorsKatrina Kaif may soon have to take time out of her choc-a-bloc calendar to play Hema Malini's character in Viacom 18 and Sunil Bohra's remake of GP Sippy's 1973 blockbuster Seeta Aur Geeta. Akshay Kumar and Abhay Deol who were to play the roles essayed by Dharmendra and Sanjeev Kumar in the original will have to follow suit. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the remake that was stuck due to the Sippy family feud will soon go on floors now that the fight has been resolved.When we had spoken to Katrina about the Seeta Aur Geeta remake a few days before she left for London to shoot Yash Chopra's next, she had told us, \"I don't know what is happening on that film.\"\"But now, Bohra can definitely go ahead with that film. I have told him that we Sippys are now on the same page. Also, I am meeting Bohra next week,\" GP Sippy's son Suresh's nephew Sascha told Mumbai Mirror.\"We are also very pleased to announce that our younger cousin Shehzad, Suresh Sippy's son has joined the team,\" Sascha added.Suresh's son Shehzad said, \"I am very happy that we are moving forward. I'm glad to be working with my cousins Sascha and Shaan. All issues and misunderstandings between us have been resolved. We are withdrawing the case. The process for that has been initiated.\"Explaining how they ended the fiasco, Suresh said, \"We are one family and we decided to put an end to our personal differences.\"The end of the Sippy family feud also paves the way for the conversion of Sholay into 3D. Ketan Mehta's Maya Digital was working upon the version supposed to be presented by Jayantilal Gada of PEN India. Put off by the legal hassles of the Sippy family, Subhash Ghai who was supposed to partner Mehta in the project had opted out of it.FlashbackThe Seeta Aur Geeta remake had run into legal hassles over licensing issues. Producer GP Sippy's son Suresh had raised objections against GP Sippy's grandsons, Sascha and Shaan , claiming that they had no right to license the Seeta Aur Geeta remake (February 7, 2011). Sascha had then told us, \"The matter is actually in court.The Delhi High Court has in fact restrained Mr Suresh Sippy from infringing our copyrights in several films, including Seeta Aur Geeta.\" Suresh had said, \"Speak to my lawyers.The matter is under dispute. It is going to the Mumbai High Court.\" But on being questioned further, he said, \"Why just Bohra, I don't want anybody to remake Seeta Aur Geeta at this point of time since I have not licensed the remake. The rights belong to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12064212", "title": "Bill Gates lauds Bihar\u2019s success in eradicating polio", "text": "PATNA: The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation headed by Microsoft chairman Bill Gates has lauded chief minister Nitish Kumar for no new cases of polio being reported from the state in the last 16 months. The last polio case was reported in Bihar in September, 2010. Incidentally, the WHO had on February 25 struck India's name off the list of polio endemic countries as not a single polio case was reported in the country for over a year. In a letter addressed to CM Nitish Kumar on February 16, Gates said, \"It is truly a pleasure to congratulate you that in the last 16 months not a wild polio virus case has been reported in Bihar.\"\"Your personal leadership has been extraordinary and your administration deserves special credit for this accomplishment. We hope your example inspires other governments around the world to strive for similar success in this truly global effort,\" he said.Gates further wrote, \"When I first visited Bihar in 2010, I was struck by the sheer scale of effort and your administration's keen ability to work synergistically with the WHO, Unicef , Rotary International and the local polio partners in some of the remotest and high-risk regions in Bihar.\" Even activities in the Kosi region, which undoubtedly present some of the most challenging conditions faced by the global polio programme, were robust, he added.However, Gates also cautioned Nitish for the possible resurgence of polio virus as he said, \"As you are aware, it is now more important than ever to sustain this remarkable progress. Despite, the absence of reported polio cases in Bihar since September, 2010, the risk of wild polio virus importation through migrant groups and in high-risk areas continue to be very real. Your continued personal supervision of polio vaccination and surveillance effort is critical, and I would urge you to maintain regular communication with high-risk districts, particularly in the Kosi region.\"Gates was all praise for the health staff engaged in polio eradication in the state as he said, \"We are grateful for the thoughtful engagement of your public health staff, from the state level to the district and through block leadership. Tremendous effort has gone into the development of a strong polio programme in Bihar -- from addressing community resistance to the vaccine and reaching migrant communities, to establishing a state-of-the-art AFP surveillance system -- making it a model for similar efforts not only in India, but worldwide.\"He also took the opportunity to praise Bihar for its impressive gains in routine immunization (RI) coverage in the last five years as the state surpassed the national RI average for the first time in 2011. Gates said that continuing to improve the ability to reach all citizens, particularly migrant groups, is the only way for Bihar to eliminate polio in a sustained manner and tackle other vaccine preventable diseases in the long run.Gates reinforced the Foundation's commitment to broaden the partnership with Bihar to improve maternal and child health as he said, \"The Bihar programme is a priority for our Foundation, and we look forward to continue our efforts to make progress together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12068218", "title": "Trade unions strike: West Bengal state secretariat records 65% attendance", "text": "KOLKATA: Attendance at the West Bengal state secretariat, Writers' Buildings, was at an 'unusual' 65 per cent during the 24-hour nationwide strike called by 11 central trade unions on Tuesday.The 65 per cent attendance was unusual compared to the low figures during shutdowns in the past, secretariat sources said.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee went around the secretariat to see for herself attendance in various departments.Of the 6,000 employees at the state secretariat, 600 had stayed the night, while others arrived in the morning and some were still doing so by various modes of transport, secretariat sources said.Food and other arrangements for employees who stayed overnight were made according to instructions by chief secretary Samar Ghosh.Attendance at Writers' Buildings is usually taken as a yardstick of employee turnout during any strike or bandh in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12063968", "title": "Sex education should be a joint responsibility of parents, teachers", "text": "JAIPUR: The rape of a 17-year-old Class X student in the national capital has shocked the nation, as the victim was a minor and all the accused were in their 20s. It's a serious offence and has left many pertinent questions on the increasing involvement of teenagers in sexual crimes.Studies show children these days attain puberty by age 10 or 11 and experimentation with sex also begins early. However, the absence of good sex education exposes them to psychological and physical harm.The mention of the word sex is even now a taboo in our society. But such incidents have drawn attention to the topic. Schools do have an adolescent education programme for classes IX to XII where they are told all about growing up. But somewhere it seems to have lost its importance due to our inhibitions in talking about it. \"Teaching children about sex in classrooms would encourage them to view it as a natural, normal and healthy part of life,\" said Seema Bhatnagar, principal of Delhi Public School, Jaipur.Her views were echoed by Lata Rawat, principal, Cambridge Court High School who says that students should know about sex education, especially now, as they are exposed to information from various sources, which may not be correct. \"Therefore, it should be the duty of institutions to impart proper knowledge,\" added Rawat.Schools often blame parents for palming off complete responsibility of educating the child on teachers. Sex education should be a joint effort from the parents and teachers in sensitizing them, especially at a time when they are exposed to information from different channels.Rawat says that sex education has the potential to liberate us from sexual oppression. In addition, it helps adolescents come to healthy terms with their sexual identities and overcome feelings of guilt and shame.Countering the claims of schools, some parents argue that if schools have subject teachers and sports teachers, why can't they have a teacher specializing in sex education? \"Our social system is such that I can't discuss about sex with my son/daughter. It's a natural process. The way we have learnt it, we want our wards to learn in a similar manner,\" said Sameer Sharma, a banker living in Walled City.However, situations are changing gradually, and there are parents who don't shy away from discussing the topic with their children. \"It is we who have to make them realize that it's not a taboo. It is a normal biological activity. It is also important to tell them that it could have ill effects if exercised before a suitable time,\" said Malti Sharma (name changed), who has told this to her daughter studying in Class X.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12066805", "title": "Bangla food delight for celebs", "text": "Maach, mishti and much much more! No, we are not talking about the movie.Celebs from Kolkata stopped by at city restaurants to savour delicacies from opaar Bangla. Said Rituparna Sengupta , who was at 6 Ballygunge Place, \"I am a bangaal so my connection with Bangladeshi food is very natural. I also have a huge fanfollowing in Bangladesh. Whenever I go there, I make sure that I hog on fish. I loved the Chingri Maacher Bharta at 6 Ballygunge Place. I feel food has a huge role to play in bringing two countries together.\"Model Satarupa Pyne, who was at Oh! Calcutta, admitted that though she has to keep in shape, she never misses a chance to gorge on food from opaar Bangla. \"When I went to Bangladesh two years back for a fashion show, I tasted several different preparations of ilish maach itself! Bangladeshi hospitality is deeply rooted in their food habits,\" she said.Actor Shaheb Bhattacherjee, who had joined Satarupa at the table, couldn't agree more. \"Some of my favourite Bangladeshi dishes are Mocha Chingrir Seekh Kebab and Chatu te Boal Maach.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062675", "title": "Power crisis hits industries in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: A major industrial crisis is staring at Andhra Pradesh with the small and medium industrial units threatening a lock-out following the decision of the power utilities to force the industrial sector to observe, what is effectively, a 17-day power holiday in a month. This is in view of the worsening power crisis.The power utilities have issued notices to about 1.61 lakh small and micro industrial units effective Wednesday (February 29), that they should observe 2-day power holiday in a week along with the regular weekly off. Apart from this, they have been told that no power would be supplied between 6 pm and 10 pm everyday in the name of peak load adjustment. Along with the 12 days forced by the three-day a week power closure, the four-hour shutdown between 6 pm and 10 pm would translate into 120 hours of closure or another 5 days of holiday in a month. As a result, the industrial units can work for only 13 days in a month!On Monday, representatives of 17 small and medium industrial units in and around Hyderabad served lock-out notices to joint labour commissioner Ravi Bhushan Rao stating that the power crisis and the holidays imposed on them is virtually sounding the death knell for them even as other units across the state prepared to follow suit. \"We are forced to close for 17 days in a month. We cannot survive under these circumstances,\" said APK Reddy, president of small and medium industrial units association. Many other industrial units have decided to announce lay-offs so that they can save on salaries. \"I will bring the issue to the notice of the state government as the power cuts issue does not fall under the purview of the labour department,\" Ravi Bhushan Rao told TOI.Nearly 6,000 units located in and around Hyderabad have decided to go for 15-day lock-out in a month so that they need not pay full salary to the workers. Nearly 13 lakh workers are employed in these units and they are set to receive only half the monthly salary from March onwards. \"With only half the month's salary, how does one expect the worker to survive in this metro city,\" asked a trade union leader in Miyapur industrial estate.In all, 37 lakh workers are employed in the 1.61 lakh small and micro industrial units across the state. Thanks to the power crisis and the power holiday, the unemployment rate is set to drastically increase in the coming months due to the lock-outs and lay-offs. Industrial units in Chittoor, Kadapa, Anantapur, Warangal, Karimnagar, Nizamabad and Medak are also planning to go for lock-out in order to minimise their losses as the production in their units has come down to less than 50%.The unprecedented industrial power cuts saw a reversal of the industrial growth in the state which had touched an all-time high in the 2007-08 financial year when there were no power cuts or power holidays in the industrial sector.\"Normally, we take up extra production in January and February as there would not be any power cuts in these months. But because of the 17-day power holiday, we would not be able to meet the production targets this year,\" said a company owner in Jeedimetal industrial estate.Ironically, it is the political decision of free power to the agricultural sector that has triggered the power crisis in the state as the dole meant to keep the farmers happy accounts for 40% of the total power consumed in the state. \"At present, we are not in a position to give any relief to the industrial sector as the Rabi season is at a crucial period. Any shortage of power to agriculture would adversely result in crop damage,\" said a senior energy department official.Even as many small and medium industrial units face closure due to the unprecedented power crisis, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy is promising to provide 15 lakh jobs in the private sector during the next three years under Rajiv Yuva Kiranalu. \"The state government is taking away jobs on the one hand and is promising jobs on the other. Isn't there a bigger irony,\" said one official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12063551", "title": "German held for funding anti-Kudankulam protest", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu police on Monday arrested a 50-year-old German national who allegedly raised funds for protests against the Kudankulam nuclear power plant.Tamil Nadu 'Q' branch sleuths, who monitor the activities of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in the state, arrested Sonnteg Reiner Hermann in Nagercoil on Monday. They brought him to Chennai in the evening. Immigration officials said they have cancelled Hermann's visa and that he would be deported early on Tuesday.Police sources said Hermann had come to India on a tourist visa. The arrest comes close on the heels of the anti-nuke protestors threatening to sue PM Manmohan Singh for telling a journal that Indian NGOs were getting funds from the US and western Europe to stall the construction of the Russia-aided Kudankulam nuclear reactor.Acting on a tip-off from the Centre, the 'Q' branch conducted surprise checks at a lodge in Nagercoil and picked up Hermann for questioning. They searched his room and found evidence that he had been mobilising funds for the anti-nuclear activists, an officer said.\"We had been watching his movements and found that he was sourcing funds for activists in Tamil Nadu. We collected Hermann's mobile phone call detailsand found that he was in touch with Lalmohan, a close aide of Udayakumar who is leading the anti-nuclear agitation in Kudankulam,\" the officer said.MoS in the PMO V Narayanasamy said the Centre had cancelled licenses of three NGOs in south Tamil Nadu. \"These NGOs have violated the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act and therefore their licenses have been cancelled. They did not maintain proper accounts and did not use funds for the purposes they were meant for,\" Narayanasamy said.Central agencies are also probing the activities of some NGOs that receive funds from the US and Scandinavian countries and are spending huge amounts on the anti-Kudankulam agitation.TN cops arrested Sonnteg Reiner Hermann from Nagercoil for mobilising funds for the anti-nuclear activists. Cops said his phone call records revealed he was in constant touch with a close aide of Udayakumar, who is leading the Kudankulam agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12066557", "title": "Bengal bandh largely peaceful, despite sporadic violence", "text": "KOLKATA: The all Indian general strike called by eleven trade union fronts has affected normal life in Bengal on Tuesday. Till 10.30 am, except some scattered incidents the strike remained peaceful in West Bengal and in KOlkata. In Kolkata, more than 10000 cops have been deployed to maintain law and order. Major portion of the private buses, autos and taxis stayed off the road apprehending trouble. But state run buses and trams were on the city roads more than any other day. But in most areas people chose to stay at their home and did not venture to join offices. In few cases state government employees stayed back in their offices at previous night to work during bandh as state government warned all its employees that no leave will be sanctioned on the day of strike. Even taking a further strong stance the state government warned its employees that absence during the bandh may cause their break of service.Later in the morning some violence were reported from Barasat in north 24 Paragans and Jadavpur in south KOlkata. At Jadavpur, Trinamool activists allegedly attacked a CPM party office, ransacked the office. The accused Trinamool activists even assaulted a television crew when he went to the spot to cover the incident. A incident of political clash was reported from Barasat the district head quarters of north 24 Paraganas district.The ruling Trinamool Congress supporters allegedly forced some auto drivers to ply their vehicles which triggered the clash with strike supporters. In Kolkata, industrial areas like Taratala and Port area remained deserted. At Taratala industrial area not more than five percent workers have joined work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12063531", "title": "Power shutdown on Wednesday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Wednesday from 9am to 5pm for maintenance work.Porur: Karambakkam, Mangadu, Gerugambakkam, part of Nandambakkam, Mugalivakkam, Veera- nam Pump House , Kundrathur, Mangadu Rd, Madhanadhapuram.Kilpauk: Part of PH Rd, Baracka Rd, AK Samy Nagar, Abirami Mall, Kumutham, Aspiran Garden, Kuttiyappan St, Kellys Rd, Ormes Rd, Thambusamy Rd, Millers Rd, Renganathan Avenue, Barnaby Rd, Subramani St, Sundharan St, Balfour Rd, Landons Rd, SAP Camp, Kellys Telephone Exchange, KG Rd, Harleys Rd, Branson Garden, Secretariat Colony, MT Rd, Varadhammal Garden, Tower Block Apartment, part of Tailors Rd, Sivasankaran St, Halls Rd, Umayal St, Bank St.Radha Nagar: Radha Nagar, Ganapathy Puram, Nemilichery, Shanthi Nagar, Kannan Nagar, Zamin Royapettah, Subhash Nagar.Kodungaiyur: KKD Nagar 1st to 9th blocks, Sidco Industrial Estate, Meenambal Salai, Selavoyal, Kadumpadi Amman Koil St, Iswarya Nagar, KMA Garden, Krishnamoorthy Nagar, RR Nagar, Eveready Colony, TV Salai, Amutham Nagar, MR Nagar, Vasugi Nagar, Thiruvallur Nagar, Lakshmi Nagar, Sulpunal Karai, MKB Nagar.Tirumangalam: Entire Anna Nagar (west &amp; extension), Sectors W, C &amp; D, 11th to 20th Main Rd, Kalaivanar Colony, Medimix Avenue, Padipudhunagar, Thiruvalleeswarar Nagar, NVN Nagar, CPWD quarters, Pidikuppam Rd up to Ben Foundations, Emerald Flats, Classic Apartments, Sathyasai Nagar, Welcome Colony blocks 1 to 49A, TV Nagar, JN Salai, Asiad, Rohini, Pioneer Colony, Sindhu Apartment, Mangalam Colony, Mullai Colony, Kurinji Colony, Jawahar Colony, Shakthi Colony, old L &amp; Z blocks, AL block, 4th Avenue, Old Tirumangalam, 12th Main Rd, AF block, 2nd Avenue C block, Nehru Nagar, 11th &amp; 15th Main Rd, AE block.Nappalayam: Manali New Town, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Vichoor, Periya Echangudi, Ponniamman Nagar, Ganapathy Nagar, Vichoor RD, Nappalayam, Vellivayalchavadi, Kondakkarai, Kuruvimedu.CIT Nagar-II: Model Hutment Rd, 1st to 6th Cross St, part of Anna Salai (Temple Tower and Khivraj Complex), 2nd to 5th Main Rd, Srirampet, South West Boag Rd, Sadullah St, Abdul Aziz St, Moosa St, South Dhandapani St, part of VN Rd, Moopparapan St, Canal Bank Rd, Srinivasan St, Gopal St, Sivaji St, Damodaran St, part of Usman Rd, Ranganathan St, Mangaiar St, Rameswaran Rd, Nadesan Salai, Ramanthan St, part of Ranganathan St of Usman Rd, Lotus Colony, Nandanam extension 1st to 15th St &amp; East Jones Rd, Bazar Rd, Jenus Rd, Gotha Medu Abdul Razak St, Salavayalar Colony of Saidapet.Royapettah: Patters Rd door nos. 56 to 206, Gowdiya Mutt Rd door nos. 1 to 120, Whites Rd, Pattulas RD, ROB 1st to 6th St, Anna Salai door nos. 160 to 189, Ganapathy Colony 1st to 3rd St, Lloyds Rd, Smith RD, GP Rd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12063758", "title": "Engineering student shot dead by classmate in Haryana", "text": "HISAR: A mechanical engineering student of Haryana's Kalpana Chawla Memorial College shot dead his classmate allegedly over a dispute involving a girl Monday morning.Pradeep Kumar (21), the only son of a carpenter of Dhani Shyamnagar village was a second-year student. Another student, Raj Kumar (21) of Siswal village, shot him four times and fled on a motorcycle with Kalyan Singh (20), a resident of Siwani.Police said Raj belonged to a landlord's family. He had quarreled with Pradeep several times in the past.Pradeep came to college around 9am on Monday. Raj and Kalyan were waiting for him. They fired at him from close range pumping two bullets in Pradeep's chest. After firing two more shots at him and one in the air to scare those present, they fled waving the revolver in the air.Lal Chand, Agroha's station house officer, said, \"We are trying to find from where they got the gun. We have learnt that Pradeep and Raj liked the same girl and had quarreled several times about this.\"Hisar police superintendent Anil Kumar said, \"The police have registered a murder case and are searching for the accused. We are investigating if quarrel over a girl was the only reason for the murder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066736", "title": "Normalcy back at AG office", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Normalcy was back at the premises of the office of the principal accountant general at Sarojani Naidu Marg here on Monday. Majority of the employees and officers carried out the routine job in a peaceful manner.Adequate police force had been deployed at the office as a precautionary measure. The officials have also made attempts to win the confidence of the employees. No untoward incident was reported.A banner at the gate of the office read 'Office is open and all employees and officers enter within any hesitation and discharge their duties and responsibilities honestly'.DIG Prakash D also reviewed the security arrangements in and around the office and talked to senior AG officials regarding security status. Police officials said that CCTV cameras have been installed in and around the office campus to keep an eye on troublemakers.The Civil Lines police said that everything was normal at the AG office with the employees carried out their routine job.It may be recalled that tension had gripped accountant general (AG) office on Friday and Saturday, when a group of employees had gone berserk over the issue of checking of the attendance. Police pickets were stationed to maintain the law and order.Meanwhile, the employees, who were placed under suspension on charges of creating ruckus, staged a sit-in in support of their demands on Monday. Police said that the sit-in was also peaceful and no untoward incident was reported throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12064332", "title": "Teacher is an employee: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Providing much-needed relief to a teacher whose gratuity benefits were challenged by his college management, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has ruled that a teacher is an 'employee' and is entitled to all gratuity benefits.\"There is no escape but to hold that a teacher is an 'employee' within the meaning of Section 2(e) of Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 and hence, its provisions are applicable to him,\" a single-judge bench comprising Justice Ravi Deshpande observed.The court dismissed the petition filed by Vidarbha Youth Welfare Institution (Society) challenging the order of assistant labour commissioner (controlling authority), Amravati, directing it to pay a gratuity of Rs 3.5 lakh with interest amounting to Rs 1.2 lakh to a 65-year-old teacher Pradip Kumar Lambhate.The judge also asked the petitioner society to pay an additional Rs 27,872 as interest at 10% per annum.The Pune-based teacher was appointed as principal by the petitioner society in it social work college on May 10, 1995. He retired on attainting the age of superannuation on May 31, 2005.Citing provisions of the Gratuity Act, he then applied to the Controlling Authority seeking a directive to the petitioner society to pay gratuity along with the interest.His application was allowed by the controlling authority while the appellate authority dismissed the society's appeal.The society then moved to the higher judiciary contending that teachers are not employed in 'managerial' or 'administrative' capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062523", "title": "Two killed in hit-and-run accidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 10-year-old boy was mowed down by a speeding tempo in the Sadiq Nagar area of south Delhi on Monday morning. The boy, identified as Bunti Malik, a resident of Masjid Moth was on his way to school accompanied by his father when the vehicle hit them as they were crossing a road. Bunti, who studied in class III in Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, was rushed to AIIMS where he was declared brought deadThe driver fled the spot but we have impounded the vehicle and the hunt for the driver is on,\" said a senior cop.In another accident, a Delhi Police constable was mowed down by a speeding van in Begampur area of outer Delhi on Sunday night. The constable was identified as Naveen, who was rushed to GTB hospital where he was declared dead upon arrival. The van driver tried to escape, but apprehended by locals and hande over to the police. A case has been registered against the errant driver, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12066863", "title": "UP polls: 24 per cent voters exercise franchise in first 4 hrs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Polling picked up in the sixth phase of UP assembly elections covering 68 seats with about 24 per cent of the over 2.17 crore voters exercising their franchise in the first four hours.\"Polling started at 7am and 23.88 per cent votes were polled in the first four hours,\" Chief Electoral Officer Umesh Sinha said.Maximum 28.87 per cent polling was recorded in Hathras district. Among other districts, 27 per cent votes were polled in Saharanpur, 24 per cent each in Agra and Aligarh, 23.5 per cent in Bulandshahr, 22.6 in Gautam Buddha Nagar, 21.5 in Muzaffarnagar, 22 per cent in Panchsheel Nagar and 24.5 per cent in Meerut.Polling in Noida, Dadri and Jewar assembly seats in Gautam Budhh Nagar was going on peacefully.In Bhatta Parsaul, which was the centre of the land acquisition row, farmers were seen coming out to vote. Their leader Manvir Singh Tevatia, who had spearheaded the farmers' agitation, is fighting election from jail. The area falls under Jewar Assembly seat.Congress has fielded Dhirendra Singh from Jewar. He was the man on whose bike Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had reached Bhatta Parsaul last year.In Chief Minister Mayawati's native Badalpur village, farmers had lined up to cast their vote. BSP has fielded Satvir Gujjar, sitting MLA from here, while Congress has fielded Samir Bhatti.Bhatti had once served as MLA from Dadri and his father Mahinder Singh Bhatti was twice MLA from here. BJP has fielded Nawab Singh Nagar, who was twice elected MLA from here in the past. Samajwadi Party has fielded Raj Kumar Bhatti as candidate.In Noida, which has become an assembly seat for the first time, a good turnout is expected. Earlier Noida was part of Dadri assembly seat and rural voters used to decide the winning pattern here.Mahesh Sharma is BJP candidate from Noida while V.S. Chauhan is Congress candidate. Om Dutt Sharma is BSP candidate while Sunil Choudhary is the SP candidate.Polling is underway in assembly seats in Saharanpur, Prabuddha Nagar, Meerut, Bagpath, Ghaziabad, Panchsheel Nagar, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Bulandshahr, Aligarh, Muzaffarnagar, Mathura, Mahamayanagar and Agra.More than 2.17 crore voters are expected to cast their votes to decide the fate of 1103 candidates, including 86 women.The CEO said that polling was being held at 22,137 polling stations at 12181 centres, of which 3188 centres and 4892 stations have been marked as sensitive.To keep a tight vigil on polling process, 1015 video cameras and 2353 digital cameras have been installed.In the 2007 assembly polls, 46.58 per cent votes were polled for 67 seats of which BSP got 35, BJP 12, RLD 10, SP 3, Congress 2 and others 5.All the political parties including Congress, SP, BSP, BJP and RLD have done hectic campaigning in the Jat land of the state.This phase would test the popularity of Congress' alliance with Ajit Singh led Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) which has stronghold in the western region of the state.Assembly Election 2012Uttar Pradesh Elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12070489", "title": "Will Indian filmmakers follow \u2018The Artist\u2019 trend", "text": "Silence is truly golden for the makers of \"The Artist\". The French film, that won five Academy awards this year, is a black-and-white story of a fading star who finds redemption through romance in the era when silent movies were elbowed out by the talkies.Apart from winning the Best Picture award, the Oscars also went to lead actor Jean Dujardin , director Michel Hazanavicius , as well for musical score and costume design.At a time when directors in India are talking about colourization of classics, one wonders what impact the movie's huge Oscar hall will have on our directors who want to work in a monochrome space? Will it prompt independent makers to venture into making no dialogue cinema?Dosar DiaryWhen Rituparno Ghosh made \"Dosar\" in 2006 with Prosenjit and Konkana Sen Sharma, the director had maintained the monochrome frames were needed to express the intensity of the character's emotions. Prosenjit, who has watched \"The Artist\" and loved its \"background, acting, script and simplicity\", says black-and-white films have a class of their own. \"It reminded me of \"Dosar\", where I had very few dialogues. A B/W film needs the audience to be high on imagination. The intense emotions in \"Dosar\" was adequately expressed through the frames that also paid a tribute to the B/W era. Though a B/W negative is costlier than the ones in colour, the former format gives a different feel and adds a new stylistic dimension to a movie. I wouldn't say B/W is the future of cinema but it'll certainly always remain a classic. Someday, I wish I am offered the challenge of doing a silent movie like \"Pushpak\".\"Frozen MemoriesIn 2007, Shivajee Chandrabhushan shot \"Frozen\" in Ladakh with Danny Denzongpa and Gauri Kaulkarni, he decided to shoot the movie sans colour. Says Gauri, \"The mountains in Ladakh in the winters have shades of browns, black and grey. In terms of cinematography, it was best to shoot the film in B/W to visually express the scenario in that terrain during the winters. Unlike \"TA\", our film had dialogues though \"Frozen\" was not dialogue-driven at all. \"Frozen\" won so many awards internationally. It's great to see that a black-and-white movie like \"The Artist\" has swept the Oscars this year. I see this as a springboard for the revival of the black-and-white genre. There is a huge section of people who love black-and-white photography. I personally love this and sometimes, I convert colour photographs of mine into black-and-white ones. Black-and-white colour scheme is also very popular in fashion. Though people are going for colourization of classics, I feel the aesthetics of black-and-white is in a different league altogether.\"Carnival TimeIn the more recent times, Madhuja Mukherjee made an experimental film titled \"Carnival\" that was in black-and-white and had no dialogues. Interestingly enough, at the recently concluded Rotterdam Film Fest, film critic Diego Lerer referred to \"The Artist\" in the context of \"Carnival\" saying: \"There is no actual dialogue in the film - intertitles serve as the only form of verbal communication, as cinema used to do well before \"The Artist\" arrived\".Speaking about the impact of Oscar-sweep by \"The Artist\" on Indian directors, Madhuja says, \"I'm very glad that \"The Artist\" has won. For a non-Hollywood movie to be winning so many Oscars in no mean feet. The fact that an independent production like \"The Artist\" has gone this big means it will encourage distribution of such films. In terms of formal experiments, Michel's film pushes the envelop and will surely boost the confidence of many waiting to take a different path. When I made \"Carnival\", my primary inspiration was Jim Jarmusch's \"Coffee and Cigarettes\" which is a comic series of short vignettes shot in B/W that build on one another to create a cumulative effect as the characters discuss things as diverse as caffeine popsicles, Paris in the 20s and the use of nicotine as an insecticide while sitting around having coffee and cigarettes.\"Grey ZonesAnother filmmaker - Q - shot \"Gandu\" in B/W and the movie continues to shock and raise debates in the international film community. His next, is an experimental film in B/W, which has has no dialogues. Ask Q on whether the Oscar sweep of \"The Artist\" will help the cause of getting finances for experimental fare in the no-dialogue B/W format and he says, \"Fortunately, my filmmaking sensibilities have absolutely nothing to do with Hollywood marketing orientations and frivolous stylistic cues that fashionably change every year. I haven't seen \"TA\" and do not follow the Oscars. I don't know if there is an interest in making B/W films in India or elsewhere. I have always been a lover of the form and think that it's the closest to pure image. I don't feel the need to pay heed to whether the industry considers it viable or not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12063627", "title": "Why can't politicians settle the disputes?", "text": "On an invitation from Padatik Natya Sangsad of Bangladesh our theatre group Anya Theatre is scheduled to visit Dhaka, and put up a performance of our latest production, Shakespeare's Hamlet, at the newly designed Shilpakala Academy, on 5th of April this year. Memory takes me back to 38 years earlier from now, when after 26 years since my family had left East Pakistan, I set my foot in independent Bangladesh for the first time, along with the then group Theatre Workshop, in the month of February 1974.To celebrate the Language Martyrs' Day Ekushe February in a big and befitting manner in the post-independence Bangladesh, the new government, under the leadership of Bangabandhu Janab Mujibar Rahaman, had organized a huge Bangla cultural meet at Dhaka. A large contingent of artists and writers had been invited from our part of Bangla, and hosts of literary giants and performing artists, from Annadashankar Roy to the eight-year-old theatre group of ours, air-travelled to Dhaka to participate in that meet. My group was scheduled to present two productions, Mohit Chattopadhyay's Rajrakta and Manoj Mitra's Chakbhanga Modhu on 19th and 20th of February at the Dhaka Bangla Academy campus, on a make-shift stage.There was huge demand for the plays among the Bangladeshi theatre-lovers. In no time all the tickets or admission slips almost vanished from the distribution counters. Worried about the law-and-order problem that might possibly arise during the performances, the organizers requested us to put up a second performance of each of the plays on each of the days. And we were much too delighted to oblige them.Throughout the performances we were greeted with applause, and a member of the audience suddenly shouted, \"Tomorrow you shall have to put up four shows\". Our last performance was over close to the midnight of 20th Feb, after which we were led to the Sahid Minar, our Bangladeshi friends chanting 'amar bhaier rakte rangano....' with verve and emotion. At the Sahid Minar we were simply awe-struck by the huge turnout, and thrilled when the emcee announced over his microphone: \"And now, Anya Theatre group of India is going to offer their floral tribute to the martyrs\". I felt proud as an Indian, and led my group to the altar in full glare of the halogen lights and with the still and movie cameras focussed on us from all corners. I was fortunate to be a witness to such a momentous occasion. Incidentally, in my post-performance address to the audience I had said: \"It may be uniquely strange, but we are fortunate that we have just performed before the people of a foreign country the state language of which is our mother tongue\".On the night of 21st we were taken to the studios of Bangladesh TV for the video recording of our play Chakbhanga Modhu. That was the first time we watched and took part in a TV recording. The popular playwright of the country and a theatre director of eminence, Janab Abdulla Al Mamun directed the TV production of our play. Incidentally again, the same year I joined the Indian Television as a Drama Producer.During this 1974 Dhaka visit, Subratoda (Subrato Bandyopadhyay), government of India's Cultural Attache at that time, gave a reception party to our team. Delicious and delicate Bengali food was served by Karuna boudi and mashima, Subrato-Sumanto-Shamik's mother. It was here that we came to know Ali Jaker, Ramendu Majumdar and other young theatre activists, who in the course of next few years rose to prominence in the field of Bangladesh theatre.However, my second visit to Bangladesh with a play was also memorable. By then, I had left Theatre Workshop to form a new group named Anya Theatre. In 1988, we produced Madhab Malanchi Koinya, a play based on a story from a collection titled Momenshahi Geetika, a copy of which had been presented to me by the director of Dhaka Bangla Academy. The production was a runaway success here. Our good friend Mamunur Rashid saw the play in Kolkata, and immediately booked it for Dhaka shows under the auspices of his own group Aranyak.In 1989 we were in Dhaka to stage MMK at the Mahila Samity auditorium. Two shows were sold out immediately after the ticket counter had opened. Still there was a popular demand for repeat shows at Dhaka. However, we had to proceed to Chitagong to honour our commitment there. By the time we reached Chitagong Mamunbhai had managed to arrange two more shows of MMK at Dhaka in the bigger auditorium of Shilpakala Academy, the tickets being priced at 200 taka. The shows ran to packed house.A theatre colleague of Dhaka commented, \"You have simply landed a slap on our cheeks\". \"Why\", I asked. He replied, \"Because, you have borrowed the material from us, and manufactured out of that an extraordinary Indian product\". I protested, \"No, no, it's my material as well. Please don't forget that I was born in this country\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12069485", "title": "UP polls: 50 per cent voting reported till late afternoon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Polling continued at a brisk pace in the sixth phase of UP Assembly elections covering 68 seats with about 50 per cent of the over 2.17 crore voters exercising their franchise till 3PM.\"Polling started at 7 AM and 49.93 per cent votes were polled till 3 PM,\" Chief Electoral Officer Umesh Sinha said.A maximum 55.2 per cent polling was recorded in Saharanpur districts.Among other districts, 50.8 per cent votes were polled in Aligarh, 51 per cent each in Agra, 52.14 per cent in Bulandshahr, 436.3 per cent in Gautam Buddha Nagar, 45.2 per cent in Muzaffarnagar, 50 per cent in Panchsheel Nagar, 49 per cent in Prabuddha Nagar and 54 per cent in Meerut.There were reports of police using mild force to disperse a local BSP leader and his supporters creating ruckus at a polling centre at Singhani gate area in Ghaziabad. They were protesting against absence of booth level officer to distribute voter slips.Similarly, in Agra, people created a ruckus at a centre at Ahmadia Hameedia college in Mantola alleging irregularities in electoral rolls. Senior officers have reached the spot.Polling in Noida, Dadri and Jewar assembly seats in Gautam Budhh Nagar was going on peacefully.In Bhatta Parsaul, which was the centre of the land acquisition row, farmers were seen coming out to vote. Their leader Manvir Singh Tevatia, who had spearheaded the farmers' agitation, is fighting election from jail. The area falls under Jewar Assembly seat.Congress has fielded Dhirendra Singh from Jewar. He was the man on whose bike Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had reached Bhatta Parsaul last year.In Chief Minister Mayawati's native Badalpur village, farmers had lined up to cast their vote. BSP has fielded Satvir Gujjar, sitting MLA from here, while Congress has fielded Samir Bhatti.Bhatti had once served as MLA from Dadri and his father Mahinder Singh Bhatti was twice MLA from here. BJP has fielded Nawab Singh Nagar, who was twice elected MLA from here in the past. Samajwadi Party has fielded Raj Kumar Bhatti as candidate.In Noida, which has become an assembly seat for the first time, a good turnout is expected. Earlier Noida was part of Dadri assembly seat and rural voters used to decide the winning pattern here.Mahesh Sharma is BJP candidate from Noida while V S Chauhan is Congress candidate. Om Dutt Sharma is BSP candidate while Sunil Choudhary is the SP candidate.Polling is underway in assembly seats in Saharanpur, Prabuddha Nagar, Meerut, Bagpath, Ghaziabad, Panchsheel Nagar, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Bulandshahr, Aligarh, Muzaffarnagar, Mathura, Mahamayanagar and Agra.More than 2.17 crore voters are expected to cast their votes to decide the fate of 1103 candidates, including 86 women.The CEO said that polling was being held at 22,137 polling stations at 12,181 centres, of which 3,188 centres and 4,892 stations have been marked as sensitive.To keep a tight vigil on polling process, 1,015 video cameras and 2,353 digital cameras have been installed.In the 2007 assembly polls, 46.58 per cent votes were polled for 67 seats of which BSP got 35, BJP 12, RLD 10, SP 3, Congress 2 and others 5.All the political parties including Congress, SP, BSP, BJP and RLD have done hectic campaigning in the Jat land of the state.This phase would test the popularity of Congress' alliance with Ajit Singh led Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) which has stronghold in the western region of the state.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12064297", "title": "\u2018Behrampur sewage treatment plant polluting Yamuna water\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: A resident of Malibu Towne has written to the Town and Country Planning (TCP) department, complaining against the Behrampur sewage treatment plant (STP), which he alleged is adding a huge quantity of untreated effluent waste to the Yamuna river in the capital on a daily basis.'' The smell and the colour of the effluent is an indication enough how bad the situation is in the plant,\" said Raman Sharma, who has written to the financial commissioner of TCP , to complain about the situation.The STP was built at a cost of Rs 20 crore for treating sewerage waste generated from different HUDA sectors in new Gurgaon. While the plant has a capacity of treating 50 million litres daily (MLD), it is not performing to its fullest capacity at present.The narrow outlet track that runs along the roads in Sector 33, 34, crossing NH 8, Khandsa village and finally Najafgarh drain, flows into Yamuna river in the end.Sharma, in his complaint, alleged that the untreated effluent is playing havoc with the underground water and detrimental to the Yamuna river.The HUDA had roped in the private firm on a seven-year contract. Asked about the total inflow of sewage at plant, the executive said, ''Total inflow is over 30MLD which is less than the optimum capacity of the plant. The plant is equipped to generate manure from the sludge and biogas from the sewage waste.\"HUDA had shelled out big money to install these facilities at the plan but at present the plant is not generating biogas or manure. ''Both the special tanks and equipment will be used in the next six months, when the inflow of sewage reaches its desired level,\" said the executive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062918", "title": "Tipper mows down woman", "text": "HYDERABAD: A tipper snuffed out the life of a 33-year-old marketing manager at Jubilee Hills on Monday afternoon. The victim has been identified as P Padma Priya from APIIC Colony in Jeedimetla, a mother of two young boys.There is a ban on the movement of heavy vehicles in the daytime in the city. But with little regard to the rules, the tipper came on to the road during the ban time and took away the life of a young woman with two kids.At around 12.45 pm, Padma Priya, who was a marketing manager with Global Education Solutions, Road Number 72, Jubilee Hills, was on her way to office on her Scooty Pep (AP 28 BM 3905).\"As she neared the foot-over-bridge on Filmnagar main road from Apollo Hospital lane, a tipper rammed into her vehicle. Padma fell on the road and the rear tyres of the tipper ran over her,\" Jubilee Hills sub-inspector (SI) K Srinivas told TOI.As per an order issued by the Hyderabad police, heavy vehicles, including tippers, are not supposed to ply in the city between 6 am and 10 pm. However, heavy vehicles have a free run in the city, thanks to the callous attitude of the traffic police.In the recent past, several traffic police officials, including an inspector, were suspended by the Hyderabad police commissioner for taking bribes and allowing heavy vehicles to ply in the city during daytime.Monday's incident clearly shows that traffic police have not learnt a lesson and are looking the other way while heavy vehicles speed along on the city roads killing and maiming people.When contacted, deputy commissioner of police (Traffic) GVG Ashok Kumar said, \"We are looking into the case and appropriate action will be taken against the officers concerned.\"Immediately after the incident, the driver abandoned the vehicle and fled the spot. Police rushed to the spot and seized the vehicle (AP12 U 9440). The driver was later taken into custody and a case was booked against him under section 304-A (Causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Padma is survived by husband Sai Ram, a manager with battery manufacturing firm HBL at Shamirpet, and two young boys, aged six and three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12062530", "title": "Girl brigade bridges cop, people gap", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fifteen days of moving around the city educating people on how to keep their surroundings safe and sound, has not been a wasted effort by a group of young college girls. Of course they had their share of uninterested residents.These enterprising girls of MCM DAV college, Sector 36, who have till now covered sectors 34, 35 and 36, had been briefed by top city cops. They have been going door-to-door, talking to people and apprising them of issues related to their security.They are a part of \" Young Youth Safe City\" project that was launched collectively by the police and college students on February 13. Though there were many hiccups and apprehensions before roping in college girls, the outcome has so far been encouraging for both the police as well as the community.\"We are quite satisfied with the response of the public and volunteer students. We are evaluating the situation and have decided to rope in resident welfare associations (RWAs) as well to make the programme more effective,\" deputy inspector general of Chandigarh police, Alok Kumar, said.\"At some places, the response was encouraging and at others, it was lukewarm. But we are learning from each experience,\" he added.Ankita Sharma, a BA-II student of MCM DAV college, said, \"Most of the senior citizens we met said there was a gap between the police and the community and that the drive was trying to bridge it. If some people welcomed us, others hardly paid any heed.\"On Tuesday, students of Postgraduate College of Girls, Sector 11, will also take part in the campaign.\"This is a very uncommon sight in Chandigarh -- young girls going door-to-door, raising the issue of safety. They are the talk of my sector, as residents often discuss about them and the issue they raise,\" Shyam Sharma, a retired government employee and resident of Sector 36, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063955", "title": "Man sets wife on fire, arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man set his 35-year-old wife ablaze at their residence in Khokhra late on Sunday night. Ramila Rathod died of burn injuries early on Monday morning. Police have arrested the husband in connection with the murder.According to Khokhra police officials, Dinesh Rathod, 35, a resident of Hrishikeshnagar, Haripura, was married to Ramila for 15 years. Neighbours said Rathod, an autorickshaw driver, came home late on Sunday night after which an altercation took place between the couple.\"The couple did not have a child and they made several failed attempts to conceive over the years. Dinesh blamed Ramila for their inability to conceive and used to abuse her. As per her dying declaration in the presence of magistrate, Dinesh again brought up the issue on Sunday night. Ramila asked him to shelve the matter for the time being or go for adoption. Enraged, Dinesh poured a can of kerosene on her and set her afire,\" said a police official.Ramila's cries for help made Dinesh realize what he had done and he tried to douse the flames by throwing water on her. The move further aggravated the condition, with her surroundings catching fire. Dinesh fled from the spot after nearby residents rushed in. Ramila was covered in blankets and was rushed to LG Hospital where at 2.30 am she gave her dying declaration to the police and magistrate.\"She died at 7 am from 90 per cent burns. We converted the complaint of attempt to murder to murder and intensified the search for Dinesh. We nabbed him from a relative's residence. In his statement, he said that it was an argument over food but we are going with his wife's version. Ironically, it was a love marriage for the duo who were seeing each other for more than two years before tying the knot,\" said M D Upadhyay, inspector of Khokhra police station", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12065169", "title": "Tadoba tourists\u2019 cars damaged, robbed at forest gates", "text": "NAGPUR: In the sort of thing which will give a bad name to tiger tourism, two vehicles of tourists were badly damaged and the valuables inside stolen at Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve's (TATR) Navegaon (Ramdegi) gate on Saturday.Chimur police have arrested Dashrath Chouke, the accused and a habitual offender, from Navegaon village near the gate. He has been remanded to police custody till March 2. But, no action has been taken against forest guard RM Vankar whose role seems to be suspicious in the entire episode.Narrating the harrowing experience, Aakash Gupta, a city lawyer and son of leading lawyer Avinash Gupta, said that he had gone to Tadoba with his family through Navegaon gate on Saturday afternoon. Before entering the park for a round in a Gypsy, he had parked his Innova near the gate, as told by Vankar.Two other tourists including a wildlife photographer Ravi Naidu and his colleague Vijay Sardesai from Hyderabad had also parked their car near Gupta's vehicle.When Gupta and Naidu returned after the excursion at 6.30pm, they found the front and side windscreens of their cars smashed and the valuables and cash stolen.\"My suitcase and Rs 7,000 cash were was missing. Naidu's laptop and three bags, one having Rs 10,000, were also missing. The culprit had deflated the front tyres of both cars,\" said Gupta.When Gupta and Naidu went to the village, they were told by some villagers that it might be the handiwork of Chouke. Both went to Chouke's home and found the stolen material in his house.\"When I talked to Vankar, he pleaded ignorance. He was very rude and told us that he was not responsible for what happens outside the gate,\" alleged Gupta.Gupta later called up Chimur police. When police reached the spot, Vankar was conspicuous by his absence. Cops quizzed Chouke and seized the material that was hidden in a drum. Police failed to recover the cash.Chimur PI Panjabrao Madavi admitted that Vankar's role is suspicious. \"It was his moral responsibility to protect tourists' vehicles. When the incident came to light, it should have been informed to senior officials through wireless. The incident should have also been recorded in the logbook. We have issued a notice to Vankar to remain present for an inquiry on Tuesday,\" said Madavi.A query sent via e-mail to V K Sinha, field director of TATR, was not immediately answered. A message in this regard was also left with his steno in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12064080", "title": "Protests, demands on first day of budget session", "text": "JAIPUR: The opening day of budget session of the assembly on Monday was marked by protests and demands with CPM legislators boycotting governor Shivraj Patil's ceremonial address. Suspended BJP MLA Hanuman Beniwal raised allegations against his senior leaders and the opposition demanding that the state government announce a special relief package for farmers whose crops were destroyed due to severe cold and frost.In his speech, Patil listed out the achievements of the Ashok Gehlot government, making a mention of the flagship programmes. The three CPM legislators in the house, led by Amra Ram, raised their voices against the state government not announcing a compensation package for the farmers whose crops were destroyed recently due to extreme cold conditions as soon as Patil began his speech.The three MLAs were carrying samples of destroyed crops and demanded that the government announce compensation to the farmers. Patil continued his speech even as the three raised slogans against the government and were supported by suspended BJP MLA Hanuman Beniwal and independent MLA Golma Devi.The five walked into the well and within minutes, walked out boycotting the governor's speech. Following a request by BJP chief whip Rajendra Rathore, ruling party's chief whip Raghu Sharma moved a proposal for revocation of suspension of BJP MLA Bhawani Singh Rajawat, who was suspended on August 29, 2011 for a year after found guilty of hurling a slipper in Sharma's direction. The suspension now stands revoked.After the session ended for the day, the Opposition too raised the issue of a special package for farmers. Addressing a media briefing, Leader of Opposition Vasundhara Raje said that more than 90% crops were destroyed due to extreme cold conditions. \"I have toured several districts recently and be it wheat, coriander, isabgol, chickpea - most of the crops have been destroyed,'' said Raje.Raje said that the state government needed to make a strong representation to ensure that frost too is included in the list of natural calamities. \"It was not included in the list even in 2008 when the BJP was in power in the state and all our attempts to get it on the list turned futile as the Congress at the Centre did not co-operate. However, we ordered a special relief package for the farmers on our behalf,'' said Raje, giving details of the package announced then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "12064098", "title": "Police exhume body of missing woman in Purnia", "text": "PURNIA: The conundrum surrounding a 'missing' woman was finally untangled on February 26. Almost a fortnight after she went missing, a body was exhumed on Sunday from a maize field at Baisa-Simiria village under Jalalgarh police station in Purnia district, and it was identified as that of Gita Devi.Apparently, the 32-year-old woman, Gita Devi, had been strangled to death and her body buried in a maize field. She was married to one, Bhuvaneshwar Chauhan alias Bilta Chauhan, 16 years back at Baisa-Simiria village, police said quoting the FIR lodged by the deceased's father, Dinesh Chauhan. She had two sons and a daughter.The woman, who hailed from Banka district, had gone missing since February 13. Before she 'disappeared', she had a chance telephonic conversation with her brother, Prabhash Kumar. She narrated how she was harassed and tortured by her husband and in-laws. She also feared some danger to her life. But, when Prabhash Kumar subsequently rang her up, the cellphone was constantly in the silent mode, police said.He father, Dinesh Chauhan, and brother Prabhash Kumar came over to her in-laws' place (sasural) at Baisa-Simiria, only to be told that Gita had fled with someone. Flabbergasted at such wild insinuations, Dinesh Chauhan lodged an FIR with Jalalgarh police station on February 21 about his daughter going missing as well as probably being killing, police said. The FIR was lodged against her husband, Bhuvaneshwar Chauhan and his relatives, the police said.On February 25, some persons informed the police that they suspected a body being buried in a maize field near the village. The next day the police team, in the presence of a magistrate, exhumed the body from the maize field, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12062598", "title": "Rs 2.5L theft at Sec 11", "text": "PANCHKULA: Thieves decamped with cash and jewellery worth Rs 2.5 lakhfrom the Sector 11 residence of Vijay Kumar Verma, a retired Punjab government employee, on Sunday evening.The family was in Chandigarh when the incident took place. On noticing that the main door lock was broken, neighbours informed the police.\"Around 8.30pm, their neighbours called us. After some time, Vermas returned and found cash and jewellery missing,\" assistant sub-inspector of Sector 10 police post Resham Singh said.\"The theft took place between 7pm and 8pm and it seems to be the handiwork of an insider,\" added the ASI.A case has been registered at Sector 10, police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12063395", "title": "Three robbery incidents in Hinjewadi on Sunday", "text": "PUNE: A gang of four men, one of them armed with a pistol, allegedly robbed five people in three separate incidents at Hinjewadi on Sunday night. All the incidents took place near the Hinjewadi fire brigade station around 10.15 pm.In the first incident, a college student was robbed of his gold chain at gunpoint, while his friend was thrashed by the men who came in a Santro car. The incident took place while the students were going to an ATM centre near their institute.The men later robbed a family of three in the area. A gold chain, gold ring and a silver chain were taken from Preeti Singh, her father Ashok and mother Dina.In the last incident, the suspects hit Jayant Shelar of Chinchwad on the head with the pistol and robbed his gold chain.Assistant police inspector Dhananjay Jagdale of Hinjewadi police station said the suspects had, in all, looted ornaments valued at Rs 1.19 lakh.According to Jagdale, the gang had used a fake number plate on the car. The robbers, who were speaking in Hindi and Marathi, were in the age group of 25 to 30 years.Inspector Balasaheb Surve (crime) said three police teams have been sent out to trace the robbers, based on the description given by the victims.Surve said the police are checking criminals on record involved in similar crimes. Investigations have revealed that the robbers had fled in the direction of Pune rural area. Patrolling in the area has been intensified, he added.In the first incident, a college student was robbed of his gold chain at gunpoint, while his friend was thrashed by the men who came in a Santro car. The incident took place while the students were going to an ATM centre near their institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12063717", "title": "Naxal letters threaten candidates contesting Korchi polls", "text": "NAGPUR: The Naxal threat is looming large on the rescheduled polls for the zilla parishad and panchayat samiti in Korchi taluka of the highly sensitive Gadchiroli district. Some candidates have reportedly got threatening letters from Naxals, asking them not to contest the polls. On the other hand, the district and police administration are goading some persons to file nominations.The villagers had withdrawn their poll boycott in January-end after the administration promises that their forests will not be taken over for mines. Then, the district administration scheduled the polls for the local bodies of Korchi taluka for March 11 and started preparations. The security forces too started gearing up since the taluka is considered a Naxal stronghold.With tension escalating, security forces and Naxals both seem to be preparing for a show of strength. Caught in between the two warring camps is the tribal population of the taluka.Reliable sources in Korchi said that several aspiring candidates have got calls from the local police station to ensure that they file their nomination forms. An unconfirmed source said that the police have also warned several aspirants that not filing nomination would be seen as a gesture of support for the rebels who oppose government and democratic processes.With police machinery swinging into action, rebels too have started relaying their displeasure over the decision to support polls to the tribal population as well as candidates. Threatening letters from Naxals have started landing up at the doorsteps of candidates, urging them to withdraw their nomination forms and threatening of dire consequences. Sources said many candidates had filed nominations but the situation is uncertain due to all the threats.A large numbers of security forces have been deployed in the taluka, which has adjoining forested regions of Dewri in Gondia and Balaghat of Madhya Pradesh, considered as highly sensitive due to Naxal presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062882", "title": "Work at sports complex left midway for want of funds", "text": "HYDERABAD: A massive sports complex that was planned in the Kattedan industrial area over fours years ago by the HMDA is yet to see the light of the day.According to Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) officials, the complex would have provided facilities for basketball, hockey, badminton and tennis, in addition to an indoor stadium on a seven-acre land. The Kattedan sports complex would have been almost as big as LB stadium which is spread over approximately 9 acres of land. Work was on track until a year and half ago, following which it began facing hurdles with the metropolitan authority staring at serious financial crunch.Navigating financial crisis during this time, the HMDA reportedly decided to put on hold some major projects including PV Narasimha Rao Expressway and the Outer Ring Road. It was around that time that the development of Kattedan Sports Complex was also stopped. But after some time while the work on the two other projects resumed, the SCP remained grounded.The Old City has only a handful of grounds maintained by GHMC. Last year a fully functional sporting complex_ the Sultan Salahuddin Owaisi Complex_ in Chandulal Baradari was inaugurated, roughly three years after its conception. The other sports complex_ Quli Qutub Shah Stadium_ is located near the high court.HMDA officials say that the cost of the project was estimated at Rs seven crore and works worth Rs two crore have already been completed. \"We fenced the area to protect it from encroachments. Foundation work for an indoor stadium was done at the site, besides preparation of turf for some sports. It was because of a fund crunch we had to put it on hold. If funds are made available to us we can complete the work,\" an HMDA official told TOI. The GHMC could have allocated the required budget and completed the complex, he added.Differing with the metropolitan authority, a GHMC official said that the project cannot be taken up by the corporation. She said, \"We also have a problem of funds. Besides, the land in Kattedan does not belong to us and the project is in the hands of another entity. Even if some work may have already started there, it is not possible for us to take it up as it is a matter of policy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "12064730", "title": "Burnt body of diamond trader found", "text": "FARIDABAD: The burnt body of a missing diamond trader was found on Monday. The victim, Krishna Chandra Arya, had gone missing on Wednesday.He had gone along with his wife to attend a function. After receiving a phone call he dropped her at the venue and left. Later, his car was found abandoned by police. Police arrested three persons - Avdhesh, Sandeep Sharma and Ravi - who in turn told them about the involvement of Pushpendra alias Sonu in the crime. Pushpendra's arrest led to cops cracking the case.Police said Sandeep, a former employee of the trader, had planned the kidnapping. They had kidnapped Arya to get a huge ransom. However, they killed the trader and burnt his body using cow dung cakes in the Rai area of Mathura, they said. Police recovered one of the feet of the victim from the site where the accused disposed of the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12070060", "title": "Ganesh Hegde's a proud dad!", "text": "Ganesh Hegde is now a faher of a baby boy!Ace Performer Choreographer Singer Ganesh Hegde and his wife Sunayna were blessed with a baby boy on the 24th of February, weighing 8.2 pounds.The Bonny baby and his mommy are in the pink of health. Apna Ganesh is elated and can't stop beaming and is proud to introduce GIAAN HEGDE to the world.On asking Ganesh says, \"Its an unbelievable feeling to realise that Sunayna and I have become parents..still cant get over the fact that I am a dad now..Giaan's sweet smile, his tiny hands, and the cute faces he makes gives me the most soothing and peaceful feeling. Taking care of our baby has made me realise what millions of parents feel when they love their child selflessly and most willingly, never looking for any acknowledgement whatsoever.Life comes a full circle and I am happy that for a change my baby is teaching me some thing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12063655", "title": "Teachers protest to keep school running", "text": "CHENNAI: Teaching and non-teaching staff of Sir M Ct M Boys Higher Secondary School, a government-aided school in Purasawalkam, refused to go to class on Monday, protesting against the alleged harassment meted out to them by the school management. The 120-year-old school, they said, was planning to close down and give way to a commercial complex, for which it was trying to drive away teachers and students.On Monday, 50 staff members gathered on the school campus holding placards. Police personnel watched from outside. Staff representatives said they would continue the sit-in protest till school education department officials met their demand.\"The management has been harassing teachers over the last three months, issuing memos and ordering suspension of teachers for no reason. Last week the school management issued a memo to the assistant headmaster also for a flimsy reason,'' said V Govindarajan, president of the Sir M Ct M teaching and non-teaching staff associaton.The teachers claimed two of the staff members, who were suspended in early December 2011 and had consequently secured an interim stay order from the high court later that month, were not paid their monthly salaries for the last couple of months. \"The management refuses to give our reinstatement order,'' secretary of the association C J Gnanasekaran said.The faculty members accused the management of trying to close down school to raise a commercial building on the campus. They said the school, which provided education to nearly 2,000 children from middle and lower income groups, refuses to fill 17 teaching vacancies over the last five years. \"They don't allow the children to use the playground, and use three of the classrooms for other purposes,'' Govindarajan said.Management representatives were unavailable for comment. A board placed on the school compound wall offered some explanation. Addressing parents, the board said, \"The management of the school has no intention of closing the school and constructing a business complex.'' The management has also refuted the claim that students were not allowed to use the playground. \"Your children's education is important for us and you. Advise students not to indulge in any activities other than education,'' the board read.In little more than two weeks, around 245 class 12 students and 420 class 10 students are to take their board exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "12064118", "title": "Mahapanchayat forms panel", "text": "JIND: Jat-dominated khap panchayats served a three-day ultimatum to the Haryana government on Monday, saying it should respond to their demands or be prepared to deal with more intense agitation. A Sarv Khap Mahapanchayat held in Jind also set up a 26-member committee to decide on the future course of action plan.Binain khap leader Nafe Singh Nain, who presided over the meeting, said the demand of Jats for quota in other backward classes (OBC) in government jobs and education institutions was justified. \"The Jat Aarkshan Sangharsh Samiti, which has been spearheading the agitation, would be an advisory body but khap panchayats would take charge of the agitation,'' he said.Sube Singh Samian, pradhan of Samian Barah Khap in Fatehabad district, said that representatives of 96 khap panchayats from across the state had attended the meeting. \"We took a unanimous decision to run the agitation. Other bodies like Jat Aarkshan Sangharsh Samiti, Jat Mahasabha or any other group could also join the stir. But the final decision would be taken by the committee formed by the Sarv Khap Mahapanchayat\".Urging Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda to hold talks with this committee, Samian added, \"If the government succeeds in satisfying this panel, the khaps would withdraw the agitation. But in case, the government remained indifferent, we would hold another meeting to decide the future course of action to intensify the agitation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12063072", "title": "Three die in train accident", "text": "THRISSUR: Three people died and one man was injured, when Kozhikode-bound Jan Satabdi Express ran into a crowd of people who were watching Uthralikkavu pooram sample fireworks standing on the railway track. The incident took place between Marathukunnu Gate and Uthralikkavu, on Sunday night.The deceased have been identified as Karumathram Muttikkal Jayan (42), Palakkal Thumbayil Balan (41) and Paluvalappil Mohanan (50). The injured Viruppakka native Ramesh (35) has been admitted to Thrissur Medical College.Jayan died on the spot while Balan died at the Wadakanchery Taluk Hospital. Mohanan succumbed to the injuries on the early hours of Monday at Thrissur Medical College. The Wadakanchery police have registered three separate cases for unnatural death.According to Wadakanchery police and eye-witnesses, the victims were watching the sample fireworks of Engakkady division, standing on the railway track.Eleven people have lost their lives in similar train accidents during Uthralikkavu pooram in the past three decades. \"Every year railway authorities and police ask people not to stand or sit on the railway lines, but some do not follow the instructions. Due to the curves in the railway line between Marathukunnu and Akamala people will not see a train nearing them until the last moment,\" said Murali V, an eye-witness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12063805", "title": "Central trade unions strike likely to bring India to a standstill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Having rejected the Centre's belated bid to persuade them to drop their plan for the 24-hour general strike on Tuesday, central trade unions commanding the allegiance of lakh of workers stepped up their efforts to turn the protest into a crippling nationwide shutdown.Life will be severely impacted for 24 hours if the general strike called by trade unions cutting across party lines and ideologies succeed in pulling off the show of strength and solidarity in support of their demands: an end to contract labour, amendment to Minimum Wages Act, increase the gratuity payout and compulsory registration of trade unions within 45 days.Whether it is the Delhi Jal Board or the cities' auto-rickshaw unions or petrol pumps or flights - all are likely to be hit by the strike, say TU leaders from AITUC, BMS and INTUC. The other sectors that are likely to be affected by the strike are the oil and gas industry, the financial sector including banks and insurance, the aviation sector defence (Ordnance factories), post and telecom sector, ports, state government offices, income tax department and traders, said strikers. For the first time, Bharat Electronics and Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) will be taking part in the stir, claimed TU leaders.\"We could achieve this unity when all the trade unions and workers realized by over the last two years that going on their own has not helped since the government has refused to pay heed to our demands. Workers are facing a very severe situation,\" said Gurudas Dasgupta , AITUC chief and senior CPI leader.Apprehending that the strike will send out a wrong message against the government and its reforms agenda, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had called INTUC leader G Sanjeeva Reddy on Friday evening for talks. While it seemed like an attempt to break the Congress's union away from the array of striking unions, Reddy refused to meet the PM, unless he invited other TU leaders, who have joined hands to call the strike. Eleven central TU and about 5,000 small unions are part of the biggest formation of TUs that have called Tuesday's strike. \"My message to the government is that it won't make a difference by talking to me alone. If all the leaders are called then there is a possibility of finding a solution to this,\" Reddy told TOI. He added, \"The strike will be a total success as so many unions have come together.\"The date was decided last November to coincide with the tabling of the Union budget, but that got postponed because of the assembly poll dates.\"We want industrial peace. We have been compelled to go on strike... workers also lose their wages... strike is the last option for us,\" Dasgupta said, adding, \"we want industry, let there be FDI in the productive sector, let them make profit, but they must abide by Indian laws and accept collective bargaining.\"The PM and labour minister Malikarjun Kharge were present at the labour conference on February 14 and 15, where the TU leaders spoke in their presence of the demands and of the call to strike work, said Dasgupta. \"Even if the government called us 15 days ago we would have reconsidered calling a strike, but that never happened,\" he said.Apart from the BMS, INTUC, CITU, AITUC, HMS, AIUTUC, AICCTU, UTUC, TUCC, LPF, SEWA are the central TUs that have come together for the strike. While TUs affiliated to the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra and the IUML in Kerala are also part of the grouping.Kharge has appealed to the TUs to call off the strike, saying \"most of the issues raised by the trade unions have already been addressed... however I do assure that I am open to discussions on any issues relating to labour at any time and resolve the same through consultations.\" He added, \"The proposed strike will not only cause colossal economic loss to the country bit also bring hardship and inconvenience to the common man.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12063441", "title": "\u2018Netas see blue films in temples of democracy\u2019", "text": "Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal on Monday attacked the parties and the leaders who criticized him for his alleged remarks against MPs and said that Parliament and assemblies are temples of democracy and they watch blue films, tear Bills and throw chairs in the 'temples'. Kejriwal tweeted, \"India has been dictatorship of party high command. Time to make it truly by, of and for the people.\"He said, \"This Parliament has 15 MPs facing murder charges, 23 attempt to murder, 11 cheating section 420, 13 face kidnap charges.\" \"In UP, 5 people accused of rape have been fielded by parties. Shud we expect them to deliver India out of corruption and crime?\" he further tweeted.He also said on twitter that till the character of Parliament and assemblies is changed, there is no hope.He asked: \"When we question them, they say u don't have faith in Parliament. How can we have faith that such people will deliver India out of poverty? \"Parliament and assemblies are temples of democracy and they watch blue films in temples, tear Bills n throw chairs,\" he also tweeted.Earlier on Monday Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh attacked Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal for his reported remarks that 'rapists, murderers and looters' are sitting in Parliament.The senior Congress leader said on Twitter, \"If Parliamentary Democracy is bad, does Kejriwal have another model in mind? Dictatorship? Army Rule? One Party Rule?\"\"Team Anna wants people to vote out corrupt people. We would like to know did Anna cast his vote in Panchayat Elections in his village,\" Digvijaya also tweeted.Arvind Kejriwal was attacked by different political parties also for his alleged remarks and RJD national general secretary Ram Kripal Yadav said on Sunday, \"RJD will bring a privilege notice during the budget session of Parliament.\"The RJD also urged the Centre to immediately arrest Kejriwal on sedition charges.Kejriwal is reported to have said at an election rally on Saturday: \"In this Parliament, 163 members have cases of heinous offences against them. In this Parliament, rapists, murderers and looters are sitting. How can you expect Jan Lokpal Bill to be passed by Parliament?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12064291", "title": "Magadh University plan to solve problems", "text": "PATNA: Magadh University (MU) acting VC Arun Kumar on Monday said that the university Senate at its meeting held on Sunday at the university headquarters, Bodh Gaya, took various decisions which go a long way in solving various problems facing the teachers, employees and students.According to him, the Senate meeting was successful in the sense that it focused mainly on maintaining academic ambience at the university and all its constituent and affiliated colleges. The meeting also discussed at length welfare work of employees and students, the VC said. Kumar said that the university would restore democratic norms in the university and colleges after a long time by holding students' union polls soon.Besides, it was also decided at the meeting to set up a team of university officials, including senior teachers, to visit colleges on a regular basis to check if classes are being run smoothly or not. In case of any problem facing colleges, the team members would sort them out and help colleges maintain academic ambience on their premises, he said. \"I will not allow any compromise on teaching work in colleges. Teachers must give their best. The university has decided to hold all degree-level and vocational course examinations as per schedule. Students must not suffer due to delay in publication of results,\" he said. According to the VC, most of the Class III and IV employees, who have been adjusted against the sanctioned posts, would now get their salaries on a regular basis. Kumar said that demonstrators would now get their salaries as per the approved payscales.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12064947", "title": "House that? Govt gets better with every year", "text": "PANAJI: While Goa witnessed a boom in the housing sector in the last few years, the state-run Goa housing board (GHB) lagged behind in catering to the needs of the local population. For the last five years the state government has been able to provide only around 500 residential apartments and plots for people of the state through GHB. On the other hand, the private sector created thousands of apartments.In 2007, GHB has barely formulated a scheme to provide reasonable housing for the people of the state. GHB also developed 34 residential plots at Colvale, Mapusa at the cost of. Rs 7.8 lakh.In 2008, GHB constructed 36 row houses of around 100 sq m at Fatorda at the cost of .Rs 5 crore and formulated the composite housing scheme under which they have constructed 8 two-BHK flat at Porvorim. Similarly in 2009, GHB constructed 22 row houses at Sancoale at the cost of . Rs 3 crore, 30 1-BHK flats at Dhavorlim, Margao, at the cost of Rs 1.6 crore and 8 2-BHK flats at Porvorim at the cost of .Rs 1.1 crore. In 2010, the GHB once again introduced a composite housing scheme at Porvorim and constructed 36 residential flats of which four were studio, 20 were 1-BHK and 12 were 2-BHK at the cost of . Rs 3.21 crore.GHB also constructed 34 flats at Mapusa of which 18 were 2-BHK and 16 were 1-BHK under the commercial-cum-residential complex scheme. During the same period it also developed 42 residential plots at Mapusa. In Addition, it also constructed 28 flats of 2-BHK at the cost of.Rs 3.7 crore However, 2011 was the best among the last five years for residents of Goa as the GHB began construction of a large number of flats. During this period it constructed 36 2-BHK flats at Porvorim at the cost of . Rs 4.2 crore, 96 flats for low income groups at Colvale, Mapusa, at the cost of .Rs 3.3 crore and started construction of 60 2-BHK flats at Colvale. The state has constituted a steering committee to draft a housing and habitat policy, envisaging a projection of the need and demand separately for housing for the next three decades. But unfortunately, there was no progress on this front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064742", "title": "Norway row: Family\u2019s cry turns chorus", "text": "NEW DELHI: National outrage over the separation of an Indian family by a government agency in Norway poured out on the street in Chanakyapuri on Monday. As the grandparents of Abhigyan and Aishwarya Bhattacharya, separated from their parents since last May, began their four-day sitin protest near the Norwegian embassy, common citizens and political leaders alike joined them to express solidarity.It wasn't only fellow Indians who empathized with the children's extended family: Norwegian Dr Vegard Iversen also came with his wife and son to lend support and voice concern about the tyranny of Norway's Child Welfare Services (CWS) that has separated the Bhattacharya family in the name of welfare.Iversen, a visiting scholar at Institute of Economic Growth here, said cases of children being taken away from their natural parents by the CWS were quite common. ''We cannot have the Norwegian CWS handing out such sentences to innocent people. For a parent, separation from children can be devastating. Even if there is a problem with upbringing, I think the solution should be found together with the family. In Norway, we have got some of our institutions to be very wrong. CWS, for instance, is so powerful but in an arbitrary way. People, too, have blind faith in these institutions . We need an independent investigation and verdict in the matter,\" he said.The CWS has come to be regarded as a modern-day Inquisition that unilaterally faults parents for their rearing practices and sets them on the stake by placing children in foster care. Senior CPI(M) leader Brinda Karat termed the CWS action ''a case of utter inhumanity\" . She tried to cheer up the grandparents with the news that the external affairs ministry had sent a special envoy to Norway in connection with their case. ''It's the first time in the history of Indo-Norwegian relations that a special envoy is being sent for an individual case like this. It's a very good step,\" she said, adding, ''we believe that a lot of other Afro-Asian children have faced similar problems\".Iversen cited another case in which a Polish family was separated after a review that took just one-and-a-half hours. ''It's amazing that such a decision can be taken so quickly. It shows how arbitrary the process is,\" he said. Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar blamed the crisis on cultural differences. ''In India, the concept of a family is much larger than the 20century nuclear family concept in Norway. Grandparents, uncles, aunts, distant relatives who form the family here are replaced by the state. It is a welfare state and they are impassioned advocates of child rights, but there is a perceptual difference and they need to be taught about this,\" he said. Aiyar's daughter Suranya, who is a lawyer, said the case is now simple. ''Their visa expires on March 8 and as soon as it expires they should be sent back.\" Child rights activist Atiya Bose said, ''I think the agency should keep families intact. What was so wrong with the family that the children had to be separated? I think they have no concept of an extended family\" .The grandparents looked at their ease as they stood with BJP leader Sushma Swaraj . Krishna Bhattacharya, the paternal grandmother, said the outpouring of support had made her feel better. ''When the court order was announced , I was in Norway with Anurup and Sagarika (her son and daughter-in-law ). When I heard the children will not be returned to us before they turn 18, I collapsed. I couldn't take the stress anymore. Today, I feel hopeful that they will come back to us. My son called me today and said Abhigyan spoke in Bangla when he met them for an hour.\"Times ViewThis case is quite unique. Two infants have been separated from their parents for reasons that are unclear. Here in India, this seems a case of an uber liberal society gone haywire in its determination to provide the best childcare. In the process, two young parents have been separated of their kids, and the kids themselves deprived of natural parental care and affection. Its something most Indians find very difficult to understand. While it might be a case of people from one culture finding themselves bewilderingly alienated in another, to most Indians it seems hardly a case, even if there was disciplinarian parenting, deserving to be considered criminal. If the children, who nobody is accusing of anything, are not to become victims of this situation any more than they already are, solutions will have to be found that respect cultural differences. The bottomline must be that the kids deserve to get back home rather than being raised in an alien atmosphere , however well-meaning the caregivers might be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063895", "title": "Every Gujarati has a debt of Rs 19K", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The six crore Gujaratis have to contend with an individual debt of Rs 19,618. According to the state government, Gujarat's debt as on December 31, 2011, has reached Rs 1,18,299 crore.Finance minister Vajubhai Vala in a written reply on Monday informed the state assembly that by December 31, 2011, the state's debt was Rs 1,18,299 crore. This was Rs 1,10,873 in the year 2010-11. The government in reply to question of Congress MLA from Babra Bhavku Unghad said that this debt was Rs 87,010 crore in the year 2008-09.Officials said that the total public debt is projected to reach Rs 1,29,446 crore by next fiscal year which end on 31st March 2012. The government in reply to another question also stated that the government had in the year 2010-11 has increased the debt by 12,864 crore. Also the government has said that they have paid Rs 3,817 crore.Officials said that the state government has made provision of Rs 4,804 crore, for the repayment of public debt in the year 2011-12 and Rs 10,760 crore for repayment of interest on debt in the budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067641", "title": "Manoj Bajpai has a \u2018tower\u2019ing issue", "text": "Not many would believe us if we said that Manoj Bajpai , who has made a name for himself by playing unconventional and fierce roles, suffers from vertigo!Yes, we hear that the Satya actor gets all jittery when he has to shoot at the top of a tall structure.Thiru, who is directing the actor in his Samaran, says, \"Without knowing that Manoj has this condition, I decided to shoot an action scene at the terrace of the tallest building in Thailand. But, he didn't tell me until the last moment that he gets dizzy when he stands atop a tall structure. I panicked and told him we can shoot the scene elsewhere, but Manoj insisted that we finish the schedule as planned. He took some time to convince himself that he's going to be fine, okayed the scene in a single take, and rushed back to his room. I've to hand it to him, he's one of the most professional actors I've seen in this industry!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12069963", "title": "Rajniesh, a good Samaritan", "text": "Bollywood actor Rajniesh Duggal was recently spotted shopping for groceries at a retail outlet. As the model-turned-actor reached the counter to make his payment, we hear he noticed few kids at the doorstep.Rajniesh, who loves chocolates, immediately got some for the kids. An onlooker was heard saying, \"Without thinking twice, Rajniesh purchased a box of chocolates and handed it over to the kids. The children could not hide their excitement and were seen gorging on the chocolates soon after. They looked very happy.\"Rajniesh is currently busy with his upcoming film, Dangerous Ishq, which has Karisma Kapur in the lead along with him. Rajniesh plays Karisma's love interest in the film directed by Vikram Bhatt. Dangerous Ishq is the much-hyped comeback film for Karisma. The lead pair apparently has four looks in the film as the story spans four generations. According to sources, the film also has a few intimate scenes between Karisma and Rajniesh, including a lip-lock.Rajniesh made his Bollywood debut with 1920, opposite Adah Sharma. The film, which revolved around a married couple living in a haunted house, was dubbed into Telugu as well as 1920 Gayathri. Interestingly, it was Vikram Bhatt who had introduced Rajniesh in B-town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064921", "title": "Aarushi case: SC reserves order on shifting of trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday reserved its verdict on dentist couple Rajesh and Nupur Talwar's plea for shifting the trial against them in the case of the murder of their daughter Aarushi from Ghaziabad to Delhi. A bench of justices BS Chauhan and J S Khehar also asked the trial court, which is to hear the case on February 29, to adjourn it for one week.Pleading to shift the trial to Delhi, the couple has submitted that it has been a traumatic experience for them to go to Ghaziabad to face the trial and that they also face a security threat there. Senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for the Talwar's , has submitted that it would be better to hold the trial in the national capital as it would not only be convenient to them but also for the witnesses and the prosecuting agency, the CBI.The CBI, however, has opposed the plea, saying that there has been attempt on the part of the couple to delay the trial and has assured the court that proper security arrangement would be made for them in Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12069840", "title": "AR Murugadoss gets the Ilayathalapathy to sing!", "text": "AR Murugadoss and music director Harris Jayaraj has persuaded Actor Vijay to sing for Thuppaki.Ilayathalapathy Vijay will render a song in Thuppaki. Finally, AR Murugadoss and music director Harris Jayaraj has persuaded the star to sing and he has agreed, say sources in the tinsel town.This is not the first time Vijay will be crooning as he has rendered some songs before. It is worth mentioning here that Vijay's mother Shoba Chandrashekar is a trained carnatic singer. Music director Harris Jayaraj has said that he tried out a party track for which Vijay rendered a few lines and the result is outstanding.Thuppaki's shooting went on floors in December last year and the shooting was stalled for nearly a month due to the FEFSI strike. The film has Kajal Agarwal playing the female lead and Jayaram, Jai, Vidyut Jamwal, Sathyan and others as well.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12063372", "title": "Servant arrested for necklace theft", "text": "KOLKATA: Rajesh Das, a resident of Jharkhand , was arrested on Monday in connection with the theft of a diamond-fitted gold necklace. The Charu Market police also recovered the necklace that had been stolen in December.Bijay Kapur, a businessman and resident of Charu Market, had appointed Rajesh as a domestic help. After working for about six months, Rajesh went missing on December 22. Later, Kapur realized that the diamond-fitted necklace worth Rs 10 lakh was missing from his house.He lodged a complaint with Charu Market police station. Police managed to trace Rajesh's cell phone number. Based on the phone details, the cops traced him to Kakdwip in South 24-Parganas where he was hiding in a rented house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064900", "title": "Mercury swings, smog put Mumbai at doctor's door", "text": "For Sonal Gandhi (35), enjoying the morning fresh air is only a dream. The Bandra resident has sinusitis and a few minutes spent in the balcony , watching her son go to school, triggers her allergy.While fluctuating mercury levels have sent the city to the sick bay, the increasing mixture of smoke, fog and pollutants in the atmosphere has worsened matters. City doctors claim the high smog density has caused symptoms of bronchial cough and increased viral infections. Such symptoms, they say, are observed mostly between late December and early January, but still persist among Mumbaikars due to the freaky weather.\"More patients complain of broncho-spastic cold,\" said Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults with Jaslok and Breach Candy Hospitals . The main symptom, he points out, is dry, short, bark-like coughs, which stretches for more than five days. \"If patients ignore this, they may be infected further and then get fever too,\" he said.Dr A K Deshpande, professor of medicine at JJ Hospital, explains how a seemingly benign environmental condition like fog can spell trouble. \"The fog traps smoke and pollutants closer to earth , creating a mixture called smog. Chronic patients or those with low immunity cannot get the polluted air out of their lungs. This phenomenon is called exhaultation, where patients, because of already altered lungs, cannot exhale the air and it remains trapped in the lungs,\" she said, adding the hospital OPD receives about 40 patients daily with respiratory problems.Dr Thacker said the smog layers the inner lining of respiratory tracts. \"Consequently, secretion from the tracts stops and there is dry cold and cough. At this time, it becomes easier for viruses to find a footing in the system and lay a person low.\"Those with chronic lung diseases like asthma have it even more difficult as the smog triggers their symptoms . Dr Khusrav Bajan, intensivist from Hinduja Hospital , said the hospital had a high number of respiratory tract infection cases last month. \"Currently, we have more dry infection cases . If they delay treatment for about four-five days, they even have to be admitted,\" he said, adding about three patients every week require intensive care.Breathless In The CityBronchospasm or a bronchial spasm is a sudden constriction of muscles in the walls of bronchioles It is caused by the release of substances from mast cells or basophils under the influence of toxins It causes very mild to severe difficulty in breathing Bronchospasm appears as a feature of asthma, chronic bronchitis , anaphylaxis, as a side effect to certain drugs and also as a reaction to pollutants or smog Muscles in the bronchioles, which under normal circumstances would show little or no response, get overactive when exposed to a stimulus The resulting constriction and inflammation causes a narrowing of airways and an increase in mucus production; this reduces oxygen causing breathlessness, coughing and hypoxiaAdvisoryUse warm clothes. Do not ignore the cold if your body feels it Stay well-nourished . This will maintain your immunity against viruses Get vaccinated before a change of season Have warm food and drinks. Avoid cold water and other cold drinks Avoid morning walks, it may make you a victim of smog Avoid suddenly changing your body temperature by walking in a cold environment directly after a warm one", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12068820", "title": "Iqbal Sharma's wife lashes out at Kareena, Saif", "text": "In a no-holds-barred exclusive interview to Subhash K Jha model-actress Tarina Patel whose husband South-African entrepreneur Iqbal Sharma was allegedly roughed up by Saif Ali Khan at a posh restaurant, reveals her husband's Gandhi connection and lashes out at Kareena Kapoor's allegations...First of all tell me about that fistful night at the Taj?First of all, let me tell you my husband is not some star-struck foreigner in India. He comes from the biggest political family in South Africa . He is Fatima Meer's nephew. His family was instrumental in getting Mahatma Gandhi in South Africa.So your husband has Gandhian connections!Yes, and to find himself in such a non-Gandhian situation. How ironic is that! My husband is a truly peace-loving person. His uncle and Nelson Mendela were best friends. He's in and out of Mumbai doing business, negotiating trade on behalf of South Africa with India for the last ten years. He comes from a very distinguished. Though I stay in South Africa with my husband I too am in and out of Mumbai all the time. My husband has a great deal of business in Mumbai. As you may know India and South Africa have a great trade relations.And my husband is a pivotal part of it.Kareena says Saif was provoked by your husband?Wow! It doesn't take much to get people provoked . We had no idea asking people to lower their voices in a restaurant was such a provocation that it would warrant a broken nose for my husband. I am so sorry about Bebo's stress level caused by our objection to their volume level.Is that all your husband did, asked them to lower their volume?We didn't even ask them directly. We asked the manager to ask them to keep them down.Then what happened?The noise was so unbearable that we decided to move downstairs. We were on the way down and waiting for the lift when this happened. Saif was on the way up.This was certainly not normal behaviour. We were willing to go to the police station and submit ourselves to a blood test. But they were not willing to do the same. In fact he (Saif) went missing for 20 hours.What did Saif actually say at the lift where you all were waiting to go down?He told us to f..k off to a library if we wanted peace. Frankly, my husband was more stunned than me. I've known this film industry because I work here. My husband is clueless about the ways of Bollywood actors. He didn't know who Saif or Kareena are. Why should he? He knows who Amitabh Bachchan or Shah Rukh Khan are. Beyond that my husband or the rest of my family doesn't know the industry and they don't care.That's what got Saif offended?Of course! He hit my father. My father is a gentle doctor. He saves lives. How would your daughter react if he saw you hit? I am hurt beyond reason by what happened. And to now have Kareena say I'm doing this for publicity!But are you any part of Bollywood any longer?I do come here and do a part now and then. I'm right now working in Priyadarshan's 'Malamaal Weekly 2'. I've earlier done his 'Bhool Bhulaiya'. I do a lot of work in South Africa and come here for work when I can. But that's not the point. I am not in this for publicity. If I was I'd have spoken to a thousand journalists who have tried to get in touch since the incident. I chose to remain in the shadows, took calls on my hudband's behalf handing it to him. I was playing the phone operator.No, the good wife.Okay, thanks. I am glad you said that. And then how can Bebo turn around and say I am doing this for publicity? It just shows the calibre of these people. They are all about media and publicity.Kareena has said that you fled the scene when the brawl happened?Ha ha.Right. Everything happened so suddenly I couldn't even move from where we were. When it happened we called security. The ladies with that person (Saif) have said I didn't intervene. I am sorry we have not been brought up to deal with public brawls.Kareen also wonders how a man with a broken nose can talk for ten hours?Because my husband talks through his mouth, not his nose. Also, my dear, it's for justice. And we're going to go all the way with this. Now the matter is in the hands of the lawyers. I want justice to be done, no matter what it takes. Saif has gone on television to apologize. That isn't the same as apologizing to my father and husband. He claims to be apologetic and yet the ladies are slandering me.Apparently eyewitnesses say Saif threw the first punch?I am glad there are honest people out there. The Taj hotel is a magnificent place and it's a favourite of my husband and me. That hasn't changed.A visual byte shows Saif in a torn green shirt.I remember he was wearing a light neutral colour. I am not sure. What really baffles is, why did he run away?Apparently he was hurt on the eye?No one hit him.Do you fear ostracization from the film industry?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12062679", "title": "Temp change triggers chickenpox", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chicken pox cases have started pouring in Tricity hospitals, with eight to 10 being reported in the last some days. Fluctuating day and night temperatures are triggering the virus, which usually spreads in extreme weather conditions.Dr R S Bedi, a city-based paediatrician, said, \"In the last two weeks, we have seen three to four such cases, mostly involving infants and teenagers. It may start with cough and fever and later bring along rashes and itching.\"The virus attack is reportedly serious in adults.\"It can cause pneumonia in adults. We have seen two to three such cases,\" said Dr Sunil Agarwal, neonatologist in a private Mohali-based hospital.There is no cure for chicken pox and experts advise that a patient be quarantined. \"The incubation period -time when the infection spreads- varies between 15 and 20 days. The patient should be isolated immediately, as it is highly contagious,\" Dr Bedi added. \"It is expected that by next week, we will see more such cases, as the temperature will be more conducive for the viruses to proliferate,\" said Dr Bedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12066974", "title": "Govt changes stand, says no error in decriminalising gay sex", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Tuesday favoured decriminalisation of gay sex in Supreme Court, contradicting its earlier stand and drawing the apex court's ire, prompting it to remark that the government must not make a \"mockery\" of the system.As the proceedings began in the controversial case, additional solicitor general Mohan Jain told the bench that as per the government decision there is no legal error in the Delhi high court verdict which had decriminalised gay sex in 2009.The stand taken by Jain, who appeared for the Union health ministry, was contrary to the argument by additional solicitor general P P Malhotra, who had appeared for the ministry of home affairs and had opposed decriminalisation of gay sex.Taking a strong exception to the change in government's stand, the bench of justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya pulled up the Centre and asked it not to make a mockery of the system.\"Don't make (a) mockery of the system. ASG Malhotra has already argued the case for more than three hours. Don't waste the court's time,\" the bench said.\"We noted down arguments put forward by the home ministry. So now you tell the stand of your ministry,\" the bench told Jain.It allowed Jain to argue on behalf of the health ministry in support of decriminalisation of gay sex.The Supreme Court had earlier asked the anti-gay rights groups, challenging legalisation of gay sex, about the law on homosexuality prevailing in other nations.The apex court had also asked the anti-gay rights groups to \"broaden the canvas\" while opposing the high court's order of decriminalising gay sex and not limit their arguments to only carnal intercourse, since the final verdict on the issue would have wider implications.The bench had said homosexuality should be seen in the context of changing society as many things which were earlier unacceptable have become acceptable with passage of time, while referring to recent phenomena like live-in relationship, single parent and surrogacy.The apex court is hearing petitions filed by anti-gay rights activists and also by political, social and religious organisations who have opposed the high court verdict decriminalising homosexual behaviour.The high court judgement had sparked a controversy and several political, social and religious outfits have asked the apex court to give the final verdict on the issue.Senior BJP leader B P Singhal, who had opposed in the high court legalisation of gay sex, has challenged the verdict in the Supreme Court, saying such acts are illegal, immoral and against ethos of Indian culture.Religious organisations like All India Muslim Personal Law Board, Utkal Christian Council and Apostolic Churches Alliance have also challenged the high court's order.Delhi Commission for Protection of Child Right, Tamil Nadu Muslim Munn Kazhgam, astrologer Suresh Kumar Kaushal and yoga guru Ramdev have also opposed the verdict in the apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12064001", "title": "Lahore HC seeks reply on Indian prisoner", "text": "AMRITSAR: Lahore high court judge Manzoor Ahmad Malik on Monday directed secretary of Pakistan's interior ministry to submit a reply on March 16 as to why Surjit Singh, an Indian prisoner, has not been released even after completion of his jail term.\"Come on March 16 with a reply, otherwise there is no bar on the court to decide the case on merit in accordance with law and justice,\" said advocate Awais Sheikh, counsel for Surjit Singh, while quoting the court.Sheikh while talking to TOI on phone said the court had also observed that any further delay in Surjit Singh's release would not be allowed.Sheikh said the court also asked, \"Why is Surjit Singh not being released? What is the justification? Is there any law that allows to keep prisoners in jail even after they have completed their sentence? We have to decide on the point of law and justice.\"Surjit Singh's counsel informed initially a petition was filed in the high court for the release of two Indian prisoners, Satinder Paul Singh and Karale Bhanudas, who had completed their term of imprisonment but were still confined in jail following which the chief justice of Lahore high court had ordered the release of all 74 foreigner prisoners including 32 Indians who had completed their terms.\"One of the prisoners Surjit Singh had spent five more years in jail than the sentence awarded to him. His name was excluded from the list of prisoners to be released that was submitted in court by superintendent of Central Jail, Lahore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067616", "title": "3 to be auctioned", "text": "There are reports doing rounds that 3's distribution rights will be sold through auction.This is not the first time a film is to be sold through an auction because it had been done for Thiruda Thirudi. Interestingly, this film was also a Dhanush starrer and the rights for the NSC area were auctioned.According to sources, there is a near scramble among the distributors to lay their hands on 3, because of the hit song 'Why this Kolaveri di' featured in it. Further, the film stars Dhanush and Shruti Haasan and it happens to be Aishwarya Dhanush's directorial debut vehicle.Anirudh has scored the music for this film which is due to hit the screens on March 30.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062897", "title": "Activist makes airport put up anti-tobacco poster", "text": "MUMBAI: Smokers rushing to city airport's smoking lounge now have to face up to a grim reality. Staring straight at them is a two-foot-long poster showing how tobacco-related cancer can permanently alter a person's visage.In fact, the airport may be among the very few spots in the city or even the country to put out such an anti-tobacco message. Although the Union government issued a notification on August 11, 2011, making the poster mandatory outside every vendor who sells tobacco products-be it cigarettes or gutka-little has been done to ensure its implementation.At the airport too, it was an anti-tobacco activist's letter to the Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL), which ensured that the law was followed. On February 11, activist Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, an associate professor at Tata Memorial Hospital in Parel and closely associated with the Smoke Free Mumbai project, found a tobacco major's counter near Mumbai airport's gate number A3 blocking a portion of the emergency exit.\"I wrote to the airport manager pointing out this as well as the violations to the Tobacco Control Act,\" said Dr Chaturvedi. \"As per the amended Section 6 of the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Product Act, every tobacco shop must display a 2 X 1 feet warning at the point of sale. This warning contains a picture of mouth cancer along with a text warning. The airport shop didn't have any such display,\" he said.Within 10 days, MIAL officials put up a poster with a grim picture and a warning against sale of tobacco products to people under 18 years of age. An MIAL spokesperson said: \"MIAL considers passenger feedback seriously and we believe that this is just another step in improving our service quality. \"The anti-tobacco lobby is, predictably, happy. \"If airport authorities can ensure that companies put up such a poster, why cannot city health officials do the same,\" asked Dr Chaturvedi.Dr P C Gupta of NGO Healis, which works in the field of tobacco control, said that health authorities have done little to ensure that the warning poster is put up at every point of sale. \"The amended Act was implemented in August 2011 but no punitive action has been taken so far. Dr Gupta pointed out that tobacco companies usually help vendors by providing lights or colourful panels. \"This may be preventing them from putting up such anti-tobacco posters in their shops,\" he felt.Mumbai's executive health officer Dr Anil Badiwadekar, however, said that the BMC has been holding meetings with NGOs and associations to ensure the law is implemented in full. \"There was a delay because of the elections but we will soon ensure that vendors put up the signages,\" he added.Times ViewAlmost a decade back, India was among the first countries in the world to embrace anti-tobacco policies. Implementation has, however, been slow. A case in point is the amended Section 6 of the Cigarettes &amp; Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003. Released in August 2011, the amendment wants vendors to put up a signage with a grim photo and text spelling out that it is an offence to sell tobacco products to those below 18 years of age. It would do well to the city's, and the nation's, heal8th if youngsters are discouraged from taking up this life-threatening habit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12067322", "title": "FIR lodged against ex-Bihar BJP president for illegal mining", "text": "PATNA: FIRs have been registered against former Bihar BJP president Gopal Narayan Singh and 37 others charging them with involvement in illegal mining operations and attacking a police force in Basa protected forest in Rohtas district.Superintendent of Police of Rohtas, Manu Maharaj said on Tuesday that police force led by him was attacked during raid against unauthorised mining in Basa protected forest on Sunday.The police and state forest department later lodged FIRs against Singh, former MLA Pradeep Joshi and 36 others charging them with illegal mining in protected forest, Maharaj said. They have been booked under different sections of IPC, Mines and Minerals Act and other related provisions, the SP said.The forest department has also confiscated tractors, stone breakers beisdes other vehicle and machines, he said. Further investigation were on, he said, adding the FIRs have been registered against them during the past two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067575", "title": "Meet Intel-powered Lava XOLO X900 smartphone", "text": "India's Lava International Ltd has teamed up with Intel Corporation to launch Lava XOLO X900 smartphone, claimed to be India's first smartphone to run on an Intel processor.Based on Intel's smartphone reference design, the phone features Intel's Atom processor Z2460 with Intel Hyper-Threading Technology and a clock speed of 1.6 Ghz. It also supports HSPA+ and Intel's XMM 6260 Platform. The phone runs on Android 2.3 Gingerbread operating system.Lava XOLO X900 smartphone will come with 4.03-inch LCD display and 8 megapixel rear camera. There's also a front-facing camera for video chat. Other features include, Near Field Communication (NFC), HDMI connectivity and HD video playback.The smartphone is expected to launch in India during the second quarter of this year and will support all major 2G and 3G networks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12070713", "title": "Breaking Dawn fans in for a treat!", "text": "Breaking Dawn DVD will soon be launched in India. 'Breaking Dawn I' is the first part of the fourth book of twilight Saga.PVR Pictures along with Reliance Home Video have announced that the official release of The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn: Part 1 DVD. The DVD will soon be available in stores. The movie was released in November last year amidst a lot of anticipation and enthusiasm from the fans.This movie is all about the marriage and honeymoon of the Edward Cullen, a vampire, to Isabella Swan. The movie has beautifully portrayed the love of Edward and Bella. It ends with the birth of their daughter Renesmee, a half vampire, and Bella herself being born again as vampire.'Breaking Dawn' Part I was a success in the Indian Box Office, as thousands of Twilight fans thronged the theatres to watch the movie adaptation of their favourite saga. The movie stars Robert Pattinson as Edward and Kirsten Stewart as Bella Swan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063709", "title": "Group clash at Shahpur in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An incident of stone-pelting in communally-sensitive Shahpur on Monday night was more than a coincidence for the city police. The incident that left several injured provided a grim throwback to the same day in 2002 when Gujarat had got engulfed in communal violence after the Godhra carnage.The incident kept city police on their toes till late in the night. Cops had to lob tear gas shells to disperse riotous mobs. According to Shahpur police officials, the spark-off to the incident took place around 8.45 pm at Sarkivaad in Shahpur Darwaja.\"The state Congress officials had conducted a small rally and meeting with local residents to mark the tenth anniversary of post-Godhra riots. After the meeting got over, the residents were going home when they were targeted by miscreants from the multi-storey buildings in Sarkivaad. The area serves as unofficial boundary line between two communities. Thus, soon the stone-pelting started from both the sides,\" said a city police official.As police were already deployed across the city to give safe passage to the riot anniversary, several teams of cops rushed to the spot and started lathi charge to disperse the crowd. Five tear gas shells were also lobbed by police when the adamant rioters refused to stop the stone pelting. After some time when the roads finally were cleared of the mobs and people stopped throwing stones at each other, the cops started hunting for the people who had triggered the violence.H G Patel, deputy commissioner of police, Zone II, told TOI that they did not find any strong reason for the peltingWe have started search in all the flats and residences of the area to find them. The patrol will continue in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12065020", "title": "Beating the strike: Taxis and trains to ply as usual", "text": "What Will Not Be AffectedBlack-and-yellow taxis Fleet cabs School buses Railway services - both suburban and long-distance MSRTC buses Civic and state government offices are expecting a normal turnout Bombay Stock Exchange Schools and colleges (both private &amp; public) Retail shops and malls Civic markets Hotels and restaurants Essential services such as water supply, fire brigade, sewage, collection of garbage , besides hospitals. If employees join the strike, the civic departmental heads will have to ensure that they have enough staffers to run the services ATMs of all banks Electronic funds transfers and internet bankingWhat Will Be AffectedBEST AC King Longs to stay off roads Attendance at some central government offices is expected to be low Branch transactions in public sector banks will be affectedWhat May/May Not Be AffectedWhile auto unions have not called any strike, some autorickshaws may go off the roads as drivers can take part in a morcha at Azad Maidan to support the all-India agitation There could be fewer BEST buses as some drivers may participate in the morcha Flights will operate as scheduled, but people flying to places such as Kolkata and Chennai may face delays due to union trouble at those airports While most private sector offices will stay open, some-like Larsen &amp; Toubro and Siemens-will be closed Some PSUs, such as BPCL, will work as usual and ensure that supply is not disrupted Cheque clearing may be hit as Class III staff unions of RBI are supporting the strikeWhat They Have To SayIn view of the HSC examinations, we will not stop public transport and also ensure that Mumbaikars are not inconvenienced-Sharad Rao | Autorickshaw Union LeaderThe strike has been called by workers in the organized sector. Taxi drivers belong to the unorganized sector and have nothing to do with the strike. I can assure Mumbaikars that all cabs will ply as usual-A L Quadros | Taxi Union LeaderWe fear there could be incidents of stone-pelting . So, we would run our normal buses with special grilles on the windscreen. Bus inspectors and officers would be on duty near the stops to prevent any untoward incidents-BEST spokespersonNone of the civic services will be affected by the strike. We have taken all precautionary measures-Mohan Adtani | Additional Municipal CommissionerThe weekly leaves of the entire police force have been cancelled in light of the strike call. The force will be out in full strength and senior officers will be on the roads. The SRPF, RAF and the local armed reserves have been called in to maintain law and order. We will take strict action against anyone who indulges in violence-Rajneesh Seth | Joint Commissioner Of Police (Law And Order)Our party will support the agitation as far as industries are concerned, but will not inconvenience Mumbaikars in view of the ongoing exams. We will ensure that public transport and essential services are not affected-Shiv Sena statementBanking MattersSpokespersons for ICICI Bank , HDFC Bank and Axis Bank said their branches would function on Tuesday. However, there was a possibility that in places with a history of strong trade union activity, services could be disrupted by protesting workers from other banks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064929", "title": "More parents are approaching cops", "text": "Being punished and spanked in class for mischief was a nobrainer for years. But recently, when a 13-year-old student of La Martiniere for Boys, Kolkata, committed suicide after he was caned, the matter raised a lot of concerns among parents. So much so that even the education department had to take it seriously.\"Earlier, we used to hear of so many cases of punishment where students were not just abused, but also humiliated in front of the class. We had to convince parents to report such instances to the police because the school management always sided with the teacher,\" says Arundhati Chavan, president, PTA United Forum. One of the key provisions of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, implemented in April 2010, makes it clear that no student will face any form of corporal punishment in school. But activists are not sure if this will work. \"Forms of physical abuse must have come down, but we still hear a lot of complaints of students being verbally abused in class by teachers and there's absolutely no way of stopping this,\" Chavan says. Before the implementation of the RTE Act, a police notice banning schools from physically punishing students was being followed.While an increasing number of parents prefer to approach the police when it comes to corporal punishment in school, the men in khakhi have been treading with caution. Officers say they usually register a non-cognizable complaint in cases where students complain of being caned. Only in cases where excessive force is used or serious injuries caused is a cognizable offence recorded and arrests made.Earlier this month, a class IX student of a Panvel-based school had complained of being beaten up by two PT (physical training) teachers for screaming outside a classroom and disturbing other students. The police lodged a noncognizable case. In August last year, an FIR was lodged against a teacher of a civic school in Vile Parle after a class I student complained that he had been caned, leaving welts on his shoulder and thigh. But police officers clarified that they would not make an arrest unless strong ev i d e n c e about the assault was gathered . \"Lodging an FIR in a case of corporal punishment depends on the nature of injury sustained by the student . In most cases, we discuss the issue with the child's parents, teacher and the school management. If the issue is minor, we try to bring about a settlement between the parties. But if the child has been hospitalized, it merits a cognizable case of assault,\" says an assistant police commissioner. Police officers say they also counsel teachers.The Kolkata student suicide raised a lot of eyebrows and awareness. A group of parents started a page on Facebook called 'Parents Against Corporal Punishment in Schools' in an attempt to reach out to more people. Within days, thousands of parents across the country were part of the group. Chavan says, \"At least parents and students are now more aware of their rights and school authorities know that they can face the music if caught.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062849", "title": "Malaysian job promise \u2018fixed\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: When Mohammed Akhil Bin Ali, a 25-year-old resident of Falaknuma left for Malaysia with three other men from the state on December 15, 2011 after being promised a decent job there by an agent, little did he know that the next two months would be his worst nightmare. Akhil, a medical store employee, jumped at the opportunity when he was told by the agent that he could get a job at a tissue paper company in Malaysia with a monthly salary of Rs 12,000 to 18,000. All he had to do was pay Rs 55,000 to the agent for all necessary documents including visa and his dream of settling abroad would come true.But once he landed in Malaysia, he and his companions realised that they were sent there on visit visas with three months validity which described them as \"garden workers\" and were forced to work as waiters and cleaners in restaurants as the agent claimed that the tissue paper company would be closed for 45 days. After working for around 45 days, their employers told them that they were issued employment visas valid for one year with \"cook\" as their profession and that they would have to work there till their visa expires. It was only after this that the four finally mustered the courage to approach the Indian embassy in Kuala Lumpur which helped them return home on Feb. 14.Back in Hyderabad, the four registered a case against the agent, Md Junaid Amer, at Falaknuma police station. Amer is said to be in police custody.Manish Kumar Sinha, DCP, South Zone informed, \"This is the ninth case registered in the past two weeks. The complaint was filed under Section 420 of IPC. We have started a drive to arrest such agents and so far have arrested 11 agents and seized nearly 100 passports and other documents so far.\"One of the four victims, Akhil, said, \"I had to wash 300 plates and clean 18 toilets daily. I slipped on a staircase while carrying a bag of rice and broke my right leg, but they refused to take me to hospital and forced me to work in that condition. Only after 15 days when my leg was swollen to such an extent that I could not move, they took me to a doctor.\" Another victim, Feroze Khan (28) said, \"We were all put in different restaurants so that we would not team up. We should have understood the ploy when we were made to wait at the airport there from 7 am to 3 am next day on arrival. They made us work for over 13 hours a day without any breaks or holidays. Our salary was 750 ringgits which is around Rs 12,000 but the employer there said that we had to work there for a year and six months' salary would be taken by him for payment towards the employment visa. As soon as we got our first salary, we fled.\"For the other two, Mohammed Mazher and Amjad Khan , residents of Mahbubnagar, it was worse as they did not receive even one month's salary. Mazher said, \"They threatened to beat us, not give us food and throw our clothes out if we did not work. My feet had blisters from constantly being submerged in dirty water in the kitchen, but I was not allowed to take any rest. Some of those wounds are still healing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062590", "title": "Warangal joins the race for Unesco heritage site tag", "text": "HYDERABAD: The coveted world heritage tag could still be evading the state's heritage capital, Hyderabad but that does not seem to deter Warangal from jumping into the fray and claiming its right for the same. Hopeful that the Kakatiya dynasty temples of the district, which predate the Qutub Shahi monuments in the city (that have been nominated for the Unesco tag), will be able to win Andhra Pradesh the laurels that it has been vying for decades, the Kakatiya Heritage Trust has now decided to send its entry to UNESCO for international recognition.On the list are four structures __ the 1000 pillar temple, Warangal Fort, Ramappa temple and the Ghanpur group of temples. Work on preparing the preliminary dossier is already on, said members of the trust, and will be sent to the global agency by end of this year. Restoration and repair of these close to 1,000-year-old structures are also being carried out simultaneously, they said. \"There is a smaller temple next to Ramappa for instance that is lying in a dilapidated state. We are trying to restore it. Similarly, the visibility of the 1000-pillar temple too is being improved,\" said B V P Rao, a former bureaucrat and co-founder of the trust that was set up three years ago for the upkeep of these monuments. A conservation architect has also been roped in to help with the dossier.\"The stellate (star-shaped arrangements) architecture, use of sand pits and the brilliant carvings on the temples are some of the things that we wish to highlight in our proposal for world heritage tag. The irrigation projects that the Kakatiya dynasty built and that are operational even now will also be showcased,\" said Suryanarayana Murthy who is preparing the first draft to secure a tentative place on the Unesco list. As per its latest rules, a site applying for the international tag has to first win a place on the tentative list of Unesco.Trust members note that the run for the world heritage tag for the Kakatiya monuments has been under discussion for two decades now. \"But nothing could be materialised unless we founded the trust. Now, we have spoken to all state departments (including ASI, state archaeology, tourism and culture) and have finally decided to go for it. The Ramappa temple's 800-year celebrations in 2013 will be used as a curtain raiser to push for the international tag,\" said M Pandu Ranga Rao, co-founder of the trust and INTACH, convener (Warangal). According to him, the tag apart from pulling international tourists to Warangal will also help in improving the local footfall to the historic area that is about 1,000 (visitors) per day at the moment.Heritage experts are, however, skeptical saying that winning the title needs more than a glossy dossier, hinting at the half-baked approach of the tourism department to win the same title for Hyderabad's iconic monuments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12062606", "title": "MC to crack whip on rubble dumpers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vacant plots in Chandigarh are being used as rubble-dumping grounds and municipal corporation has conveniently turned a blind eye to this. MC's finance and contract committee (F&CC;) has now decided to have round-the-clock surveillance in the city to check dumping of construction material. It has been proposed to buy a vehicle and deploy engineers, inspectors of enforcement wing for round-the-clock patrolling to catch violators dumping rubble at non-designated areas.As most of the public representatives of the city want to devote their first term in office for improving sanitation in the city, the civic body is planning to come up with this abovementioned proposal in Wednesday's general house meeting for a detailed discussion and implementation.Also assessing the gravity of the situation and public request for proper check on violators, the finance and contract committee has already proposed Rs 10 lakh for this new initiative in the budget for the upcoming financial year.As per the initial plan, the designated vehicle will cover all parts of the city round-the-clock to identify and nab violators who are deliberately dumping rubble at non-designated places, mainly near residential areas. A toll free number will also be given to residents in case they want to complaint about somebody throwing rubble in their respective area.Member of F&CC; and municipal councillor Subash Chawla, said, \",It's a serious problem, which is not only troubling residents, but also giving an ugly look to City Beautiful. It has been observed that there are certain groups who frequently dump huge quantities of rubble late at night. Therefore, to curb this illegal practice, the committee plans to propose this plan idea.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12063851", "title": "Plan for science centres for children fails to take off", "text": "NASHIK: The Bal Vigyan Bhawan project, on the lines of Nehru Centre in Mumbai and intended at spreading scientific temperament among children in secondary and higher secondary schools, is yet to take off. The project was announced under the Manav Vikas programme of the state government. With March 31st drawing near, the funds provided for the programme, which is stuck up largely because of unavailability of 1,500 sq ft of land at the taluka level, are likely to be returned.Centres were to be raised at 125 talukas across the state where literacy levels among women were very low and the most number of families lived below poverty line. Of these, eight talukas are in Nashik district. \"A science centre will be raised with the initial funding of Rs 10 lakh, excluding infrastructural needs. Through tenders, institutions will be invited to supply the interactive science equipment using which the children will be able to explore scientific laws and experience the magic of science,\" Pradeep Poddar, district planning and development officer, Nashik said.The centres are expected to be on the lines of the Nehru Science Centre, though not as grand but with the same principles, said deputy education officer RP Patil, adding that the centres will also receive a grant of Rs 10,000 annually. \"The concept is that the organization and the provision of equipment to school students is in such a manner that the students can play with the equipment to understand and explore the magic of science. Since practicing science will strengthen the fundamentals of the children from standard 8 to 12, the centres are to be located in higher secondary schools that have junior colleges attached to them,\" Patil said.In Maharashtra, except for a few districts, government high schools do not have colleges attached to them, and that is the major hitch in finding the required space for the project. \"Since there is no such space available, and no private or aided colleges are coming forward with proposals for giving such huge spaces for the project, it is difficult to see the project through in the remaining period of the financial year,\" an official said.He added that it would have been better if the proposal for the centre included the infrastructure as well, as it would have permanently been used for the purpose. When asked about the recurring costs and the running expenses for the centre, the official said that the agency given the tender of providing equipment will be responsible to initially guide and then teach the procedure of handling equipment to a teacher from the school. Besides, very nominal fees, around Rs 5 per student, could be charged for the experiments. The annual grant of Rs 10,000 will take care of the replenishing of the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12065086", "title": "Lara-Mahesh buy a new house", "text": "Lara Dutta and Mahesh Bhupathi became proud parents to baby girl Saira, recently.After their baby's arrival, the Bhupathis have bought a new bungalow housed in Shailja Apartments in Pali Hill, Bandra. While reports about their new home has been abound, Mumbai Mirror brings you the pictures of her foyer, which will obviously take time to get ready for the family to move in.The bungalow is just four blocks away from Krishna Raj, the Kapoor residence. And now, Ranbir has a new celebrity neighbour.Rumoured to cost around Rs 14.5 crore, Lara and Mahesh will shift totheir new pad by April or May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mamata was shocked by the gruesome baranagar gangrape, in which a woman was assaulted so badly that she bled to death, but said", "code": "12063466", "title": "Law and order better than Left regime: Mamata", "text": "Mamata was shocked by the gruesome Baranagar gangrape, in which a woman was assaulted so badly that she bled to death, but said: \"It is not possible for police to know what happens in every household.\" It appears the victim's \"second husband sold her off\" to miscreants, Mamata said.Reeling out statistics, Mamata insisted that law and order in her nine-month tenure was far better than the 2009-2010 period in the Left regime. She said 29 people had died in political violence from June to December 2011, whereas 57 had been killed in 2010 and 106 in 2009.\"Some incidents are being planted. I was asked by an artist where the armed CPM cadres had vanished. These people, who lived off CPM's monthly grants, are behind these isolated incidents,\" she alleged, adding that it will take \"at least five years to wipe out the sins of the last 35 years\".The CM alleged that the criticism against her was instigated by a \"corporate lobby\". \"I have been asked (by these lobbyists) to do away with the urban land ceiling act. I refused. Why will common people suffer for a handful few? If you notice there is a pattern to this criticism being labeled in a section in the media. It started after the AMRI incident. Now the matter is in court, three persons have been given bail by various courts. Why do people want to interfere? A crime is a crime. They're also trying to give it sectarian overtones,\" she said.Mamata also defended her government's role on a host of issues, ranging from farmer suicide to distress sale in a bumper season, but said she is yet to decide whether to bring forward the panchayat elections, scheduled foe 2013. \"In some districts like North Dinajpur, Murshidabad, Nadia and North 24-Parganas, there has been an appeal to appoint special administrators because civic work has come to halt. But I am yet to decide on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12063995", "title": "BSF wants all-girl parade at India-Pak border", "text": "AMRITSAR: The India-Pakistan border at Attari - known for the colourful beating-the-retreat ceremony every evening - may soon see some girl power. The Border Security Force (BSF) has drawn up a proposal to introduce an all-girl parade during the retreat ceremony held simultaneously by BSF and Pakistani Rangers.At present, two female constables open the parade as they enter the arena piloting their male counterparts and stand guard near the international gate till the culmination of the drill.\"We will send the proposal for an all-girl parade to Pakistan Rangers following induction of more women in the force. The women constables are supposed to perform at par with their male counterparts,\" BSF additional director General Himmat Singh told The Times of India.The retreat ceremony is famous for the high octane patriotism displayed by jawans on both sides of the border and the euphoria created around it.After its formation in 1965, the BSF took nearly 45 years to decide on the induction of women into the force and deployed a batch of 178 female recruits who had passed out at BSF's Subsidiary Training Centre, Kharga.Earlier, they were assigned the role of frisking women going beyond the border to till land and even visitors in Attari, who came to witness the daily drill.\"Pakistan should reciprocate to our proposal with an all-women parade on its side too. The final decision will be taken after we hear from our Pakistani counterparts on holding all-women parades simultaneously,\" said General Singh.\"The female constables are working shoulder to shoulder with their male colleagues at the border. Their presence during the parade has also made a positive impact to the ceremony. Now, an all-girl parade will only take this further,\" said a senior BSF official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12063938", "title": "Three nabbed for vehicle theft", "text": "NASHIK: While the city continues to witness incidents of vehicle theft unit two of the Crime Branch has nabbed three persons involved in vehicle thefts across the city.Acting on the directive of police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, the city police enhanced patrolling and nakabandi operations. It was during a patrolling exercise on Trimbak Road that the three men were nabbed after a chase.Sources in unit two said that crime branch sleuths were patrolling on Trimbak road at around 10am when their vehicle was overtaken by a speeding bike moving towards Khutwadnagar from ITI bridge. Suspecting that the bikers might have been involved in some crime, the team chased them and intercepted their vehicle near Hanuman temple on Kamatwade Road. The bikers gave their names as Ravindra Bhamre (23), resident of Koliwada, Mangesh Soman Satpure (19) resident of Kumbhar Wada, and Pradeep Balasaheb Kale, resident of old Kumbhar Wada.When asked, the suspects could not produce vehicle documents. On being grilled further they admitted to have stolen the bike they were riding, eight months ago from the Thakker bazaar bus stop. They , also confessed to have stolen two motorcycles - a Bajaj Pulsar from Cidco and a Hero Honda Splendour from Niphad.The police have recovered the stolen vehicles. According to the police, Ravindra Bhamre is also accused in a murder case registered at the Ambad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12063046", "title": "Janaki Kondapi's appointment: Govt has 4 weeks to reply", "text": "HYDERABAD: A division bench of the Andhra Pradsesh High Court, comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice PV Sanjay Kumar , on Monday granted four weeks' time to the state government to respond to a petition challenging the appointment of Janaki Kondapi as the chairperson of the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board.The writ petitioner, Green Cops, a non-governmental oraganisation working to save environment from pollution, complained that the procedure followed in the appointment of the retired IAS officer was untenable on legal grounds.It pointed out that no other person had been considered for the post and that the appointment totally lacked transparency.The naming of Kondapi to the post was, therefore, discriminatory and in violation of rules governing such appointments, the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064931", "title": "Norway row: Protest well timed, may tip case in favour of parents", "text": "NEW DELHI: The timing of the sit-in protest by the grandparents of Aishwarya (1) and Abhigyan (3) is significant as their case is now poised at a crucial point. The Bhattacharya family's visas expire on March 8. The Norwegian government is trying to get them to apply for renewal but they are resisting. Last week, Norway applied to extend their residence permits.At the root of the Bhattacharya couple's problems is a Norway court's decision to back the order of the country's Child Welfare Service. Therefore, any appeal to transfer the children's custody to their uncle Arunabhas or annul the CWS' order outright will have to be routed through court. In January, India and Norway reached an agreement to make Arunabhas the children's primary guardian on their return to India. The court was scheduled to meet in June, but in view of the diplomatic pressure by India this has been fast-tracked to the last week of March. Still, the family will have to stay on after their visas have expired. The brief of M Ganapathi, secretary (west) in the MEA, who has been sent as a special emissary to Norway, is to ensure that a solution is found to this problem.While the crisis plays out in Norway, the opposition BJP made it clear on Monday that the government cannot absolve itself of responsibility. ''The efforts made by the government are lacking. I don't understand why they are not taking the issue seriously? We are not ready to accept this kind of law,\" BJP leader Sushma Swaraj said.In a statement CWS chief Gunnar Toresen said, ''As head of the Child Welfare Service, I most strongly deny that this case in any way is based on cultural prejudice or misinterpretation. I am unable to give any comments regarding the particular grounds in this case because of our duty of confidentiality.\"The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights chairperson Shanta Sinha also said, ''It is important that the children are restored back to their family. I do wish that the Norwegian government takes up the matter and justice is rendered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12064668", "title": "11 trade unions to join forces for Feb 28 nationwide strike", "text": "PANAJI: With the aim of mounting pressure on the government before the union budget, 11 trade unions across the political spectrum will be participating in a nationwide strike on February 28. AITUC, INTUC, CITU, HMS, BMS, AIUTUC, UTUC, TUCC, LPF, SEWA, federations of bank, insurance, telecommunication and other central government employees, unions and associations will be part of the protest.The trade unions are demanding abolition of contract labour, amendment of the Minimum Wages Act and a minimum wage of 10,000 per month, assured pension for all, roll back in prices of petrol , diesel and LPG, stop on sale of profit-making PSUs, among other demands.AITUC general secretary Christopher Fonseca said, \"This is a historic struggle. Never before have 11 national trade unions, each with 5 lakh members come together along with 5,000 independent federations to oppose the neo-economic and neo-liberal policies of the government.\"\"Trade unions believe in struggle and dialogue. Resentment is spreading across the country. This (strike) is a last danger bell from trade unions to those in power,\" he warned.Prasanna Utagi, state president of AITUC, said, \"Trade unions affiliated to the ruling party, opposition party and the left will come together for this strike as workers irrespective of trade union affiliations have been affected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12065028", "title": "UP polls: Will Mayawati\u2019s gamble pay off in three new districts?", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP chief minister Mayawati had carved out three new districts - Panchsheelnagar, Prabuddhnagar and Bhimnagar - in September last year citing \"better administrative purpose\" . The move, as it transpires now, was a shrewd political gamble the BSP boss undertook. Reason: The districts comprise assembly constituencies where Bahujan Samaj Party was a big loser in 2007 assembly election.By creating new districts five months before the assembly poll, the BSP might have played the people appeasement card. While Panchsheel nagar and Prabuddhnagar go to polls in the sixth phase, Bhim nagar will vote in the final phase.In 2007 assembly election, out of eight assembly constituencies (pre-delimitation ) in these three districts, BSP won only two. Postdelimitation , the number of assembly constituencies has gone up to nine - three in each district. Panchsheelnagar, which was carved out of Ghaziabad, has three assembly constituencies - Garhmukteshwar, Dhaulana and Hapur. While Hapur was won by BSP's Dharam Pal Singh, Garhmukteshwar was won by Samajwadi Party's Madan Chauhan.The latter has now been broken into Garhmukteshwar and Dhaulana. BSP has again fielded Dharam Pal in Hapur, it remains to be seen how it will fare in Garhmukteshwar where SP has fielded its sitting MLA Madan Chauhan . Dhaulana, the new constituency, is witnessing an interesting contest beween BSP candidate Aslam against SP's Dharmesh Singh Tomar. RLD has placed its bet on Ayub Khan while YP Singh is BJP's candidate. The contest in Prabuddhnagar is even more interesting. Carved out of Muzaffarnagar, the district comprises three assembly constituencies - Shamli, Kairana and Thana Bhawan. BSP lost all the three seats in 2007. If one takes Muzaffarnagar as a whole, the district comprised nine assembly constituencies of which BSP won on four. Results will tell whether carving out a district from the lost assembly constituencies bear fruit for Mayawati. BSP is trying its luck by fielding Anwar Hasan against last time winner and BJP candidate Hukum Singh in Kairana. Samajwadi Party has given ticket to Mohammad Ayub Jang.In Shamli (earlier known as Baghra), BSP has fielded Balbir Singh against Congress's last time winner Pankaj Kumar. Thana Bhawan too is likely to witness a keen contest with BSP fielding the RLD turncoat and last time winner Abdul Waris Khan. He is up against Ashraf Ali Khan of RLD, Kiran Pal Kahsyap of Samajwadi Party and Suresh Kumar of BJP.Bhimnagar, carved out of Moradabad and Badaun, comprises four assembly constituencies, including Gunnaur which was won by Mayawati's bete noire Mulayam Singh Yadav in 2007. Of the other three, Sambhal was also won by Samajwadi Party. It is only Asmoli (earlier Chandausi ) and Kunderki (now Chandausi ) which were won by BSP. In Gunnaur, BSP has fielded Bhupendra Singh against Ram Khiladi Yadav, while in Sambhal, BSP candidate Haji Chhidda is trying his luck against sitting SP MLA Iqbal Mehmood. In Asmoli, BSP has fielded Aqueel-Ur-Rehman , replacing Girish Chandra who won the Chandausi seat, a reserved seat in last assembly election .Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064967", "title": "Changing societal mores are pushing kids to crime", "text": "When a 17-yearold kills his grandmother allegedly for money to buy a racer bike, it becomes evident that juvenile crime has become a household reality. A look at police records reiterates such concerns. Crimes committed by children have increased by 145% in the past decade, reveals data from the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB). Among the 22,740 acts of crime committed by children in 2010, thefts and burglaries are the most prominent.Psychiatrist Hemangi Dhavale, who works at Somaiya Hospital, believes the loss of innocence is owing to a variety of factors relating to changing societal values. She relates how a 14-year-old was brought to her clinic by his parents recently as he had stolen money from home to throw a party for his friends. \"There is a lot of peer pressure among children today, and a lot of money-related crimes are because children want the latest gadgets and toys to be able to fit in with peers,\" she says.Psychiatrists and child experts believe low societal tolerance and rampant and continuous exposure to violence has made gruesome crimes an everyday affair, an accepted way of life.Those working with children believe the attitude towards juvenile crime needs revamping. Psychiatrist Neelima Mehta says the system needs to recognize that children who commit crime are themselves vulnerable. Often they are victims of crime. Some stray into crime after being abandoned or abused by elders.\"They are children in conflict with the law and the juvenile justice system needs a lot of reform to deal with them,\" says Asha Bajpai , chairperson of Tiss's Centre for Socio-legal Studies and Human Rights, pointing out, for instance, how children put in institutions do not acquire any vocational skills and are ill-equipped to deal with the real world once they step out. She says, \"The age of criminal responsibility in India is seven, which is much lower than that in most other countries where it is between 10 and 12 years. In other words, (in India) only children below seven are absolved of crime.\"The lacunae are evident. There is supposed to be a designated police officer for children in every police station, who is equipped to handle children in conflict with the law, but only a handful of stations have such trained officials. Recent cases of sexual abuse at child shelters across Maharashtra reveal how urgently such revamp is needed.Experts suggest working with communities to identify children who loiter, get them enrolled into schools as well as sensitizing parents and teachers to pick up early signs in children. Kids who frequently throw tantrums, for instance , should be put through anger management techniques.TOI InteractiveSchools should not neglect studentsChildren are both the victims and perpetrators of crime. While there is growing awareness about the phenomenon, much remains to be doneQ1. Should parents keep children on a tight leash?Q2. Should there be a stronger law against corporal punishment?We asked you whether schools should be held legally responsible for their pupils' safety and if there should be rating for media other than films. Here are some of your responses:Yes . There definitely should be a rating system for the media. The ads that are being aired on TV are so cheap nowadays. Songs on the FM radio have no ratings either. Children are learning foul language not only from their parents but from songs, too.-Sushma ShahAschool's administration should be responsible for their pupils' safety at least inside the school compound. This can be done by being vigilant during lunch breaks and also by appointing adequate security staff and school captains.-Sugandhi RamaniSchools can contribute substantially towards their students' safety. However, it will not be correct to hold schools legally responsible for their safety as there are many factors contributing towards an unsafe environment, which is beyond the control of the educational institution. Schools can be held legally responsible only if there is negligence on their part to take basic safety measures.-Vijay Mullaji", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12064254", "title": "HC seeks govt reply on failure to issue admit cards", "text": "PATNA: A single bench of the Patna High Court presided by Justice Navin Sinha on Monday directed the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) and the postal department to file their reply in a case related to secretariat assistant exam, 2011.The petitioner in the case, Manish Chandra, and others had informed the court that around 14,000 candidates, who had applied for the post of secretariat assistants, could not appear for the exam due to non-receipt of admit card. The examination was held on December 18, 2011. The petitioners had stated in the PIL that all the candidates who were deprived of an opportunity to appear for the examination had sent their application forms by May 30, 2011. However, they could not appear for the examination as they were not issued admit card, the petitioners told the court.The court directed the SSC and the postal department to file their reply within four weeks stating their stand as to why admit cards did not reach these 14,000 candidates.Commercial Taxes Tribunal: The state government on Monday informed a division bench of the HC, comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Gopal Prasad, that the vacant post of the chairman of Commercial Taxes Tribunal would be filled within one week. The government also informed the court that the post of one of the three members of the Tribunal would also be filled by that time. Incidentally, the post of the chairman is lying vacant for the last several months which has led to piling up of cases related to tax disputes.The court directed the state government to inform it by March 1 about the appointment of the chairman and one of the members.Directive on kanwariya path: The same bench on Monday directed the petitioner of the case related to construction of a kanwariya path to put the matter before the secretary, road construction department, and the commissioner, Bhagalpur division.Petitioner Munni Nath Tiwary has stated in his PIL that the state government's decision to build a kanwariya path parallel to the state highways notwithstanding, some diversions had taken place in violation of the government's earlier decision.On this, the HC directed the petitioner to put his case before the secretary and commissioner, and directed the two to take appropriate action in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067410", "title": "Big show for Ambareesh\u2019s 60th birthday", "text": "It looks like Sandalwood's got reasons to celebrate standing united with every passing year.If 2009 saw the Amrutha Mahotsava celebrating 75 years of the industry, then 2011 saw a special show to commemorate 25 years of Shivarajkumar's journey in Sandalwood.This May, Sandalwood will unite to celebrate two important landmarks in Ambareesh's career. He turns 60 on May 29 and will also complete 40 years in the industry.Says a source, \"This is a big moment for the industry. Ambareesh is one of the pillars of the industry and ensures everyone stays united. He's like the father figure, who is always there in times of crisis and need and has ensured the industry has been sailing smoothly. This was the reason why people in the industry have decided to come together for this show as a mark of respect towards him.\"This event will be held in May and will have actors young and experienced joining together to dance to famous tunes of the actor. Ambareesh, who received the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award in 2010, will be bestowed with tributes and gifts from noted names in the industry on that day.Choreographers, actors and other technicians are already being intimated to keep themselves free in May so that they can rehearse for this big show.Sources even tell us that organisers are trying to get most of the leading ladies of Ambareesh's films to be present at the venue to add a special touch of nostalgia to the show.Ambareesh debuted in 1972 with Puttanna Kanagal's Nagarahaavu, where he played one of the antagonists. After essaying some memorable negative roles, Ambareesh soon rose to fame with films Antha propelling him as one of the biggest lead heroes in the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063935", "title": "Ageless wisdom for modern India", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In an auditorium, Amdavadis sensed the cosmos. During a brief talk, they discerned the scope of human culture's evolution over 50,000 years. Within a few thousand words constructed by the mind of an American spiritual guru, they found clues to secure the limitless 'ananda' for the soul. The series of miracles described above were wrought by the guru - Andrew Cohen - at an event organized by Scope and Tripada Multicourse Pvt Ltd in association with the Times Foundation. The programme was held on Monday at the Ahmedabad Management Association (AMA).Cohen's talk on 'Spirituality and Self Confidence' was a rich and discursive exposition of humankind's quest to find meaning. Cohen's composed presentation established incontrovertibly that our age - which is enslaved to 'modern knowledge' - needs timeless 'jnana' (wisdom italicized by spiritual awareness) more than ever.\"When humans stop thinking like a tribe, they feel one with the nation,\" Cohen told TOI. \"And when that consciousness develops into feeling one with the world, the Universal Human is born.\" But Cohen asserted that an even more elevated state existed. \"In the cosmo-centric state, humans feel one with the cosmos,\" he said. The audience itself was being ushered into the portals of exhilarating awareness. In Cohen's subtle philosophy, they found echo of a sacred Indian truth: 'Tat tvam asi' meaning, \"That subtle essence is the self of the entire world. That is real. That is self. That thou art.\" Cohen has pursued the ultimate truth under the tutelage of gurus in India. His second blaze of self-realization was stoked by his last teacher here, H W L Poonja, a disciple of the hallowed Ramana Maharshi.At AMA, as the audience absorbed the synthesis of the Eastern thought and Western sensibility, Cohen offered a thrilling account of evolution - he spoke of three extraordinary Big Bangs: matter being born out of emptiness; life being created from dead matter; and the mind emerging from life. Spurring knowing nods, Cohen added, \"Science mechanically looks at life from the outside; and scientists do not even know what consciousness is!\"Cohen's 'Evolutionary Enlightenment' philosophy argues that though form and emptiness are the same, the form is constantly evolving. That view sets the seeker's goal far beyond the Hindu/Buddhist paradigm of mukti from rebirth.The programme began with the representatives of Society for Creation of Opportunity Through Proficiency in English (Scope) outlining the society's bold mission and heartening achievements. Scope, a project envisioned by the Gujarat government, has been training young people in the state to learn the lingua franca of success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063869", "title": "Employee held for stealing gold bars", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a whodunit in Naranpura that had stumped the cops momentarily before CCTV footage came to their rescue and directed them towards the real culprit. Police officials arrested a 19-year-old for stealing two gold bars worth Rs 5 lakh on Monday. Police have recovered the bars from a dustbin in the jewellery shop.Naranpura police said that Anil Nikam, a resident of Umiyanagar, Nirnaynagar, owns Ganesh Jewellers in Naranpura. On February 22, he had received two gold biscuits of 100 grams Rs 2.5 lakh each. He had kept the bars in a drawer near the cashbox and left for a meeting at 12 noon. When he came back, he found the biscuits missing. \"For him, it was a clear-cut case of siphoning by one of his staff members as no one else was present at the shop. Thus, he had named his two employees Raju Soni and Balaji Jadav. However, we soon realized that they were not involved. So, we decided to go through CCTV footage again,\" said H B Jamod, inspector of Naranpura police.Police then found the third employee, Hanumant Pawar, 19, present on the spot. Pawar was out of suspicion, as per Nikam's complaint, as he was son of a close associate. However, police went ahead with his through questioning. During the questioning, he broke down and confessed that he had stolen the gold biscuits from the drawer. Interestingly, the biscuits had never left the shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12066760", "title": "I\u2019m just exploring; not exposing, says Lakshmi Gopalaswamy", "text": "It takes a second look at her latest pictures to acknowledge that the ultramodern woman in question is indeed Lakshmi Gopalaswamy - the coy, demure, girl-next-door that we've been so accustomed to seeing in saris and salwars.The actress makes a candid confession to us when she says, \"I feel I've been so immature all this while, sitting pretty on my conservative goody-goody image...for how many years now! It's time to break the mould. So here I am,\" says Lakshmi, who is all set to court glamour for the first time on screen with director Harinarayanan's Naughty Professor.But she's quick to add, \"I'm just exploring; not exposing! Many have told me that I have a pan-Indian face, but I've never really explored it. It's been long since I've been wanting to do an image makeover. So when the role in Naughty Professor came calling, I knew the opportunity to test new waters in my career is here,\" she says excitedly.The film has Lakshmi paired opposite actor Baburaj, who plays the title character, besides writing the script. \"Naughty Professor will see me handling comedy too, which is yet another first in my career,\" she beams. Lakshmi plays an actress-turned-housewife who hangs up her career to settle down with her professor husband, who feels overshadowed by his wife's name and fame. The twists and turns in their marriage form the crux of the plot.This is the first time Lakshmi is pairing up with the villain-turned-comedian Baburaj. \"I've worked with him before, though. I did a cameo as a dancer in his directorial, Black Dahlia, years ago. At that time, I addressed him 'Sir.' This time round, I've cut the 'Sir,\" she quips. \"He's a great co-star to have.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12063454", "title": "Gold, silver may earn PMC Rs 20 cr in octroi", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is set to collect record revenue of Rs 20 crore as octroi on gold and silver by the end of the current financial year, thanks to the stringent revenue collection measures adopted by the civic staff.\"Tough measures adopted by us to curb octroi evasion on gold and silver have paid rich dividends,'' Hemant Nikam, PMC's octroi department chief, told TOI. During the last 11 months the PMC has collected Rs 18 crore from octroi on gold and silver as against Rs 13.8 crore it had collected in the last eight years, between 2003 and 2011.\"We expect to collect Rs 2 crore more by the end of next month, taking the total revenue through octroi on gold and silver to Rs 20 crore, an all time high,'' Nikam said, praising his staff who came up with the idea of seeking co-operation of the state sales tax department to identify the jewellers who were indulging in octroi evasion.Nikam said his office noticed that many jewellers, who were paying high sales tax to the government on the gold and silver sold, were showing lesser price for the gold and silver brought by them to the city and were evading octroi. The PMC sought the details from the sales tax department and issued notices to such jewellers and warned them of prosecution if they failed to pay octroi. The PMC issued legal notices to 121 gold merchants.The PMC also increased the number of its flying squads from 25 to 35.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12063580", "title": "BSY's bithday bomb fails to go off", "text": "BANGALORE: No sparks flew at BS Yeddyurappa's 69th birthday celebrations here on Thursday. The former CM's much awaited future course of action too was not unveiled. But Yeddyurappa is in no mood to give up on his comeback dreams. Making it clear that he will play second fiddle to none, Yeddyurappa kept his successor, DV Sadananda Gowda, waiting for 30 minutes before he got an opportunity to wish his mentor.The former CM announced that he would not go to the March 3 core committee meeting which has been called to address the unrest in the state unit of the party. He has instead decided to go the people to whip up support and bring pressure on the leaders to reinstate him.\"I will not go to New Delhi on March 3 asking for the CM's chair... I don't want it. Instead, I will go a statewide tour to strengthen the party and mobilize public opinion,\" Yeddyurappa said. He, however, hastened to add that he won't quit the party. \"I resigned as CM only after the BJP leadership assured me that they will reinstate me after six months. But they did not keep their promise. I aspire to become the CM again not for any personal reasons but to present a Rs 1 lakh crore pro-people budget and fulfill all pending promises,\" he declared.BSY's anger with the central leadership was evident earlier in the day as he kept the CM waiting at Race Course residence for 30 minutes. Told that Yeddyurappa was preoccupied with pujas, Gowda whiled away his time chatting with ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12068768", "title": "Salman Khan attacked &amp; victimised me: Akshdeep Saigal", "text": "Akashdeep Saigal nee Sky Walker speaks exclusively about his 'bad experience' with the hosts of Bigg Boss-5 in a candid chat with us...Are you are still in touch with your fellow contestants from Bigg Boss?Juhi Parmar , Sunny Leone, Mandy Beverly and Pooja Bedi are all my nearest and dearest friends post Bigg Boss. We are all in continuous touch, and recently Juhi, Pooja Bedi and I holidayed together in Dubai . It's been an incredibly personally rewarding show for me.There was a time when even Sanjay Dutt and Salman were rather miffed with you. Have you made peace with them?I was shocked that Salman Khan came into celebrity home, attacked me personally, attempted to demoralise me and put me in a bad light. I'm glad that I was respectful, held my ground and maintained my dignity. I met a lot of viewers post Bigg Boss who told me that they were upset to see me being picked on by the hosts. And in hindsight I can say their victimisation of me won me many hearts and friends.Do we see you participating in a reality show anytime soon?I'm often told I'm tailor-made for reality shows. I'm not sure whether it's a compliment or an insult. If it's a compliment - many thanks for the same, but if said derogatorily, all I have to sayin typical Sky style is \"frikkin buzz off baby\" !!!What's that one thing that you would like to tell your detractors, who have been bad-mouthing you?I'd ask them to stop piggy-backing on me to gain publicity. The show is OVER!!! MOVEON!!!!Are you open to a saas bahu show again?What matters to me on TV are the producers and channel I work with. I always keep my options open , and I believe in working with the BEST!Sky ko gussa kab aata hai?My family, my loved ones and personal integrity are important to me, so anyone who disrespects any of them would be in my line of fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12065024", "title": "Schoolgirl drowns in WonderLa wave pool", "text": "BANGALORE: A 12-year-old girl on a school picnic drowned in a pool of an amusement park near here around 3pm on Monday. Shabarin Taz, a Class VI student of Matha English School, RT Nagar, was in a 140-strong contingent of students taken by her school in two buses to WonderLa, an amusement park about 28km from here.Shabarin and her friends were playing in an artificially-created sea. The 4-foot-deep pool had a device which created waves. The girl was playing in the waves when she tripped and fell. A schoolmate Rani (name changed) spotted Shabarin falling and called her teacher Selvi, but it was too late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12063485", "title": "Senamen oppose Kakodkar\u2019s talk", "text": "PUNE: Nuclear scientist Anil Kakodkar was almost stopped from delivering a lecture in the city on Monday after local Shiv Sena leaders gathered at the main gate of the Agharkar Research Institute (ARI) in the morning and demanded that the programme be cancelled because they thought that Kakodkar would speak in favour of the controversial Jaitapur nuclear power plant in Ratnagiri.Officiating director of ARI Dilip Ranade told the protesters, \"Kakodkar's lecture is not about Jaitapur but it is about nuclear energy and its importance in the current scenario when the country is facing acute power shortage.''After this assurance, Kakodkar was allowed to speak, but on a condition.He spoke only about nuclear power and India's position as compared to other countries that use nuclear energy to meet their demand.Notably, Sena has been opposed to the proposed nuclear power plant at Jaitapur.Kakodkar, who is the former chairman of the Atomic Commission of India, has been at the receiving end of several organizations for speaking in favour of nuclear energy, especially the Jaitapur project. Fearing protests, the venue of a two-day lecture series ( on energy and sustainable development) has been shifted from Ratnagiri to the College of Engineering Pune (COEP). Kakodkar would deliver the inaugural speech at the event.When spoken to after the lecture at ARI, Kakodkar said that he does not wish to make a statement on any controversial issue. \"I am not going to Ratnagiri on Tuesday and Wednesday as the organizers have told me about cancellation of the programme. If they still want me to give a lecture on nuclear energy, I will go.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063806", "title": "Placement process at IIM-A concludes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The cohort-based final placement of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) ended on Monday. The process which was scheduled to end on Sunday got postponed by one day.While the cohort-based placement process began with the first cluster held on February 13, the fourth and final cluster started with group discussions on Saturday.FINO, a firm that offers business and banking technology platform, made the maximum number of offers in the fourth cluster. Assistant manager of talent acquisition at FINO, Damorine Bent, said that they have come back to recruit students from the campus after a gap of three years.Variety of industries including steel industries, e-commerce, textile, financial services and analytics industries took part in the three-day long cluster, extending job offers to the students. Tata Steel , FINO, Raymond , D'Decor, RedBus were among the recruiters which offered roles in sales and marketing, business development and general management.Around 370 students participated in this year's IIM-A placement. Around five students had opted out of the placements to become entrepreneurs this year. Last year, there were around six students who had opted out of the placement. According to the students in the campus, the packages of the Pre Placement Offers (PPOs) have remained the highest this year and none of the packages that were offered by companies during the four clusters of the final placement could beat the PPOs.Students who are left out will continue to seek jobs in a rolling placement process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12064040", "title": "Science camp for Plus-II students inaugurated", "text": "PATNA:A five-day state-level science camp for Plus-II students, `Inspire Internship', an initiative of the department of science and technology, Government of India (GOI), got off to a colourful start at the Patna Science College grounds here on Monday with a call to develop scientific temper among the masses.Nearly 500 students from different institutions of the state are attending the camp organized by the Pre-Examination Training Centre of Patna University (PU).Inaugurating the camp, former PU vice-chancellor (VC) Jagannath Thakur pointed out that even our ancestors had knowledge of science and they often used it in day-to-day activities. The illiterate farmers knew that a balance having unequal limbs would not give correct weight, but they could not prove it mathematically. Pleading for developing curiosity among the youths, he said that inventions and discoveries are result of inquisitiveness. In 1850, when cholera broke out in England in an epidemic form, some inquisitive people started mapping of the affected region and came to the conclusion that the disease was concentrated in the region where people were drinking contaminated water. Similarly, it has recently been found that the micro-waves were the remnants of the energy released during the `Big Bang', he added.Speaking as the chief guest, Aryabhat Knowledge University (AKU) vice-chancellor S N Guha said that students must analyze scientifically all the happenings around them . They can learn the basic principles of science even while playing cricket as increasing the velocity of ball and the technique of taking a catch are all based on certain principles of physics, he said.PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said that having a scientific attitude is more important than conducting a scientific research. Even some great scientists may lack scientific attitude towards life. Eulogizing the crucial role played by science in the growth of civilization, he said, \"Our country has not been able to develop scientific temper in the masses even after so many years of independence. Even as there has been very poor \"branding\" of our country in the field of science and technology, the \"image\" has improved a bit in the recent times with the growth of information technology.\"Former PU VC M Mohiuddin pleaded for initiating necessary steps to attract students to basic science. If basic science becomes weak, it would also make the technology weaker. He also urged the government to dole out sufficient funds to the universities for carrying out quality research in basic science.Bihar School Examination Board chairman R P Sinha, former VC of BRA Bihar University S N Sinha, training centre director R S Arya and Patna Science College principal Kashi Nath also addressed the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12064151", "title": "Stick to the point and score more in geography", "text": "JAIPUR: The environmental issues hogging the limelight across the globe have generated a great demand for geographers, feel Abhishek Singh Barhat of Class XII Arts who opted humanities despite opposition from family after Class X.A student of St Anselm's Senior Secondary School, Ajmer, he finds geography helpful in making various developmental projects eco-friendly. He is hoping to score 95 plus in geography. \" This subject is very scoring, provided answered properly. Unlike sociology and political science, here answers need to be tightly written and to the point,\" said Abhishek, who aspires to study in Delhi University (DU). He wants to complete his graduation in subjects like political science, sociology and geography.Abhishek scored 9.8 CGPA in Class X and his parents wanted him to either take Science or Commerce. However, his keen interest in environmental issues made him opt for humanities.This subject has two sections -- Fundamentals of Human Geography and India: People and Economy. \"I find second section more interesting as it is related to human settlement, resource and development, transport communication and international trade which are contemporary and relevant,\" said Abhishek, who has already appeared in practical and hoping to score 28 out of 30 marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12063155", "title": "Leading contenders file nominations", "text": "KOCHI: As Anoop Jacob was coming out of the BDO office at Pampakkuda on Monday, M J Jacob entered the room. Both of them, who were there to file nominations as candidates of the UDF and LDF respectively, wished each other.It was around 10. 30 am that Anoop reached the BDO office. As the filing of nomination could be started only after 11 am, Anoop had to wait there for half an hour. At 11.05am, he filed nomination.Anoop's day started at 4 am on Monday. He went to Piravom Valiya Pally, Kothamangalam Cheria Pally and Valiya Pally before the crack of the day. He also visited the grave of Kerala Congress founder K M George at Holy Magy church at Muvattupuzha.At 9.30 am, Anoop, along with mother Anie Jacob and wife Anila, left for filing nominations. On his way, Anoop offered prayers at the grave of his father T M Jacob at Attukunnu St Mary's church cemetery. \"Before entering the room of the BDO, I sought the blessing of my mother. I am confident of winning the seat,\" Anoop said.EVM checking beginsThe first-level checking of electric voting machines in the strong room of the election department began on Monday. The machines are being checked in the presence of officials from Electronic Corporation of India and Keltron. The officials in the election section functioning in the civil station in Kakkanad will check around 201 machines and ensure that these are error-free.1000 voters' applications rejectedRevenue officials on Monday rejected the applications of around 1,000 people who had applied for inclusion of their names in the voters' list. Saturday was the last day for scrutiny of applications. In most cases, the applicants produced fake residence certificates. The final list will be published on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12064609", "title": "Plaint against poll observer for injuring women in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Locals from Dhavali in Ponda taluka marched to Ponda police station on Monday evening to lodge a complaint against an election observer who allegedly manhandled and injured several women after entering a house on the pretext of conducting an inspection.Pradeep Bakhale, a resident of Dhavali, said that he was organizing a birthday party in his home when the incident occurred. All the guests, mostly women, were resting in a neighbours house when the Hindi speaking male election observer and his team barged into the house and manhandled a woman, Saroja Naik, who was feeding her infant. He also injured other women present.Alleging that the host was distributing food in connection with the election campaign, the observer demanded that the host produce the bills.Villagers marched to the police station with the injured women Babita, Pravita Phate, Sushma Naik, Gayatri Naik and K Naik to lodge a complaint.Admitting that locals had come to lodge a complaint, a senior police officer said that they will register an offence against the accused. However, no complaint was registered until late Monday evening.When contacted, DySP Dinraj Govekar said that once the complaint is lodged necessary action as per the law will be initiated against the accused observer. Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067354", "title": "No six-pack for Maddy", "text": "Madhavan has said that being an actor, he is under constant pressure to keep fit and healthy. The actor, known as a fitness freak, also works out to maintain his physique.Recently, Maddy was asked if his fans would get to see him sport a six-pack in one of his films soon. To this, the actor has said he is not the one to go after the six-pack phenomenon. Maddy said that all that he is concerned about is his health and fitness and six-pack figure does not mean anything to him.The star also categorically denied ever opting for it. So all you Maddy fans out there, console yourselves as you can never get to see your idol sporting the much-in-vogue six-pack figure.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064974", "title": "Cinematographer Ashok Mehta critically ill", "text": "One of India's most accomplished cinematographers Ashok Mehta is critically ill with lung cancer and has been admitted to Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital.The fact of Mehta's illness surfaced during the recording of Raveena Tandon's new chat show Issi Ka Naam Zindagi Hai. A segment featuring Arjun Rampal had Mehta talking about Arjun on a video monitor. Rampal was Mehta's discovery and he had cast Rampal as the lead in his directorial debut Moksha.When contacted, sounding subdued, Rampal told this newspaper, \"Yes, I got to know of Ashok's condition. He's like a father-figure to me. I guess he wanted to keep his illness very quiet.\"Ashok Mehta has shot for films including Shekhar Kapoor's Bandit Queen, Shyam Benegal's Mandi and Trikaal, Aparna Sen's 36 Chowringhee Lane and Paroma, Shashi Kapoor's Utsav, Subhash Ghai's Ram Lakhan, Khalnaayak and Kisna and M F Hausain's Gaja Gamini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12063508", "title": "China\u2019s criticism offends Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister A K Antony on Monday said China's criticism of his visit to Arunachal Pradesh was \"really objectionable\". \"I was surprised to see such a reaction. I feel it is most unfortunate and, at the same time, it is really objectionable,\" Antony told reporters here.The defence minister's comments came in response to China's sharp criticism of Antony's visit to Arunachal Pradesh to attend celebrations commemorating 25 years of statehood of the border state. China had said such visits could complicate the border issue between the two countries.The minister pointed out that Arunachal Pradesh was an integral part of India and as defence minister, it was his duty to visit the state. \"I have been visiting Arunachal since 1984. This time, I was thrilled to visit the state on its silver jubilee of attaining statehood,\" Antony said.The minister said he was happy about the progress made by the state and he had to give full support to it.China treats Arunachal Pradesh as a disputed territory and every time Indian dignitaries visit the state, it raises objections. The latest criticism is only part of a routine Chinese response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12067319", "title": "District minister warns against illegal mining", "text": "MYSORE: The measures adopted to curb illegal sand mining in the district have not deterred the violators. Realizing this during a late-night raid, district minister S A Ramdas said the district administration will banish the violators from the district.Ramdas, who conducted the raid with SP R Dileep, was upset over the failure of the official machinery in curbing illegal mining. The raid that ended in the wee hours of Monday exposed the complicity of the officials at Cauverypura on the banks of river Cauvery in Tirumakudlu Narsipura, the epicentre of illegal sand mining in the district. In spite of police presence near the village, sand was found illegally mined and dumped on the shore.Surprisingly, the police van is posted on a road that leads to the village. An angry Ramdas said he will go in for special squads to curb the menace and warned the officials of initiating disciplinary action.With not even a single lorry transporting the sand en route during the inspection, it is suspected that the news of the raid was leaked. The minister said criminal cases have been filed against politicians too for conniving with illegal miners.\"Of those booked, 10 belong to Congress, four to JD(S) and one is a BJP leader,\" he added. In case they continue to violate the law, the district magistrate will banish them from the district, he stated.During the raid, the police seized 10 loads of sand deposited on the banks of the river , two lorries parked at the spot and four coracles. One person has been taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12063831", "title": "First meet on literature by saints ends", "text": "NASHIK: The first All India Marathi Sant Sahitya Sammelan organized by the Varkari Sahitya Parishad concluded on Monday, with dignitaries like guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal, tribal welfare minister Baban Pachpute, Republican Party of India (RPI) leader Ramdas Athavale and varkari leaders.The three-day national convention that began on Saturday featured enlightening lectures by learned people on the literary works of the great saints of Maharashtra. Many stalls selling books were also seen at the event venue, the Idgah Maidan. At the concluding ceremony on Monday, varkaris expressed their intention behind organizing the convention. \"We want to bring back the thoughts of the 18th century,\" they said.Chhagan Bhujbal felicitated the people who are doing selfless work in preaching the works of the saints and those who helped in organizing the convention. After the felicitations, proposals were put forth by the leaders of the varkari community and were approved immediately. Some of them included organizing such conventions in all the districts of the state and outside, starting centres of Jagadguru Sant Tukaram Maharaj Vidyapeeth, cleaning rivers like the Indrayani, Bhima, Tapi and Godavari.Neelima Pawar, general secretary of the Nashik District Maratha Vidya Prasarak Samaj, thanked her students and teachers for their help in organizing this convention and promised that the next convention would be held at the NDMVPS campus. Pachpute said that such conventions to put forth the views of saints before the public should have been held long back, but it was good that the idea has taken off finally. \"The concept of old age homes is not a part of our culture and that only the varkari samaj can save our culture. Tukaram's words have been deeply imbibed in us. We always start with 'Tuka says...' whenever we want to preach something good,\" he said, adding, \"The varkaris are doing a very good thing by travelling on foot to religious places, preserving culture, putting forth good proposals and organizing such a convention in a religious place like Nashik.\" He added that the dignitaries present on the dais would provide the necessary financial aid for the proposals. \"Don't question from where the wealth comes, because once it comes to your hands it becomes pure,\" he said, addressing the varkaris. \"For a good society, there is no solution other than the varkaris,\" he said.Athavale said the convention was being held and concluded on a very special occasion, the birth centenary of Kavi Kusumagraj, a native of Nashik. \"It is okay to think about oneself but only if one thinks of others as well. The varkaris are trying to create human beings,\" he said. Recollecting that Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar was not permitted to enter Kalaram Mandir at Nashik, Athavale said he was the MP of Pandharpur for 10 years and nobody stopped him from going to the temple. \"I go to all the temples. Things are changing now,\" he said.Bhujbal thanked all the organisers and apologised for any drawbacks while organising the convention. He said that being held at Idgah Maidan showed religious harmony and said the first convention in Nashik would be etched in history. He replied to Athavale saying that he had a good chance to do some work as opposition party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12063947", "title": "Nailed to nannies? Not quite", "text": "JAIPUR: Formative years lay the foundation of a child's development, be it emotionally or psychologically. And, during this period, experts have always stressed on maximum involvement of parents with the child.However, with families shrinking and both parents working, has the child's needs being pushed into the backdrop?Most parents say no. A demanding lifestyle, and professionally-oriented couples don't neccessarily mean putting the child's interest in the corner, they argue.While most say they keep a nanny or a 'maid', they also claim to spend quality time with their children. \"I try to do everything, right from making his breakfast to having lunch together and taking keen interest in his studies,\" says Jyoti Chauhan, an RAS officer currently serving as deputy commissioner at JDA, and a mother to a two-and-a-half-year old child.Chauhan's husband is a doctor at a prominent city hospital, and often has erratic work hours. \"Therefore I ensure that I come home for lunch, and then try and be back from office by 6 pm. That way I have enough time to spend with my son Aditya,\" she adds.Some couples, who though have employed nannies, ask for their parents' help in taking care of the child.Cheena Puri, who teaches English at Rajasthan University, used to leave her son with her parents till he went to a pre school.\"I would leave my son Kartikeya with my parents, and the nanny would work under their supervision. That made my life a lot easier as I never had to worry about my child's safety,\" says Puri, whose son is now nine years old.Despite various arguments in favour of nuclear families, parents in Jaipur say the benefits of an extended family are just too many to ignore. In case of working parents, grandparents provide the love and care that a child needs during the growing up years.Also leaving the child to a nanny's care for an entire day raises questions about safety and security. \"I would never ever leave my child to a maid. My family will never support the idea as it's not safe,\" says Puri, who also has a two-and-a-half year old daughter Narayani.Agrees Chauhan, who says leaving her son alone with the maid does get her worked up on his security. \"We have no options, but to leave our son to the maid. Though she is friendly, I often worry about my child's safety. The maid may go out to chat with someone in my absence, then no one's there to take care of my son who could sneek out of the house at that moment,\" she says.Also with grandparents keeping an eye on the child, most parents feel that the chances of the child picking a wrong habit from the maid, or going astray are almost nil.\"My daughter cherishes the relationship she has developed with her grandmother. My mother has instilled the right values in her,\" says Payal Sangtani, who runs a fashion boutique in the city.Concurs Dr D C Satija, a psychiatrist and a doting grandfather who loves taking care of his grandchildren. \"Since both my sons and daughters-in-law work, we take care of them,\" he says.Satija warns against leaving the child to a nanny's care all the time. \"The love and affection by a family member can never be compared to one given by a maid. In the absence of that, a child may become anxious, may suffer from lack of concentration and may go into depression,\" he cautions.Renowned psychiatrist Dr Shiv Gautam says women must strike a balance between work and motherhood. \"In the first few months, it's a biological necessity for a mother to feed her child and spend maximum time with him. Post that period, a mother's physical presence is not required all the time, but the child does need the attention and care.\"He advises that parents should try and spend maximum time with children till the age of 12 years when their abstract thinking develops.\"A child when returns home, he looks for his mother and at that time, a maid can never fill in the shoes for a mother,\" he reasons.While the importance of mothers can never be ruled out in a child's life, most women feel that it's time fathers should also shoulder some responsibility of the child.\"Families should do away with the idea of putting the entire onus of bringing up the child on the mother. If both parents agree to divide their time to attend to the child's need, one may not even need a nanny to take care of her,\" feels Sangtani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12062627", "title": "Your branded jeans may not be the real thing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: That Tommy Hilfiger jeans or a Polo shirt that you are wearing with style could be a fake, and may leave you squirming with embarassment in front of your friends. The arrest of four city traders on Friday has proved that fakes of leading international brands are finding place in shop shelves in Chandigarh.The seizure of fake clothes worth Rs 1 crore shows that the duplicate clothes business has emerged as a multi-million racket, with links even in south Indian states.\"The raid was the result of an official complaint filed by companies' representative. We have seized the material and a probe is on. There is a possibility of more arrests in the coming days,\" Ashish Kapoor, deputy superintendent of police (headquarters), told TOI.However, Kapoor said it would not be possible for police to raid all shops in the city.\"But, we will act on any complaint,\" said Kapoor.Romesh Dutt, director of Speed Search and Security Networks Private Limited (an individual property rights company) in Sector 34 had filed a complaint with Chandigarh police on behalf of Tommy Hilfiger, Polo and Calvin Klein.Police raided Arihant Enterprises, Aashirwad Exports, Arihant Exports and Nirmala Garments (all in Sector 20) and arrested four persons.\"There are many other retailers and traders in this illegal trade, but we are focusing only on the big fish. These were the main places from where wholesalers from Chandigarh, Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Jammu &amp; Kashmir, collected garment consignments,\" Dutt said.He added, \"We have seized duplicate material worth Rs 1 crore. They are selling products at very cheap rates, nearly 60-70% less than the original price, and are earning a minimum profit of 50%.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12062846", "title": "Illegal pistol confiscated", "text": "Police recovered an unlicensed 32mm pistol from the possession of Nadeem Sheikh (45) during a raid on his Pydhonie toy stall on Monday.He has been taken into custody and will be produced in a local court today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062763", "title": "Bandra Cong corporators skip citizens' meeting", "text": "MUMBAI: Newly elected Congress corporators from Bandra and Khar stayed away from a felicitation function organized by citizens' groups on Saturday at Khar Gymkhana.Of the six invited, only BJP's Alka Kerkar turned up. The other was Bhavana Mangela from ward no 64, which is not part of H-West. MNS corporator Uma Chavan did not attend, but she had informed the organizers that she had planned a trip to Shirdi. Congress corporator Asif Zakaria excused himself as he had a wedding to attend.Karen D'Mello, Congress corporator from ward no 95 in Bandra, said, \"I had other engagements and could not attend. It does not mean we will not work together in future.\" Tanveer Patel from ward no 97, who confirmed he would attend, said he had to rush to the party office, while Sunita Wavekar from ward no 94 said her supporters organized a function which she had to attend.While activists like Anandini Thakoor, who helped organize the function, termed it as a \"boycott\", other activists said the citizens' movement too was politicized. \"I am disappointed to see activists turning political supporters. Advertisements were issued supporting a political party, defaming another,\" said an activist, a former member of Federation of H-West Residents' Association.At the function, Santosh Awatramani, convenor, Mumbai 227, said while none of their candidates was elected, they spoiled the Congress's chances in at least ten wards. He later told TOI his statement was not based on analysis done by the organization.Aftab Siddiqui, a citizen activist from Bandra, said various citizens' groups organized 'Meet the Candidates' programmes only to promote the candidate of a particular party. \"It was not an open forum. The candidates from other parties were not called,\" Siddiqui said. Thakoor said talk of citizens' groups supporting certain candidates was a smear campaign. \"We worked hard to create awareness. We did not tell anyone whom they should vote for,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066833", "title": "Tension prevails at AG office", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Tension prevailed at the office of accountant general (AG) for the last two days. It has been decided to deploy additional force on Monday to deal with the situation.Police officials claimed on Sunday that the situation was turning to be aggressive after an FIR was lodged against employees involved in the violent agitation. On Saturday, as many as 11 employees of AG office were suspended for allegedly creating ruckus and damaging properties.On Sunday, the employees were busy in holding a series of meetings to chalk out further course of action.The Civil Lines police said that a strict vigil is being maintained and additional police force had been deployed. The AG office would be opening on Monday and corrective measures have been initiated so that no violence takes place.Senior officials of the AG office got the photographs of the damaged property clicked and videography conducted.It may be recalled that a group of employees had created ruckus at AG office on Friday when the DAG checked the attendance of the staffers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12063874", "title": "Nashik-based brothers win big at German art awards", "text": "NASHIK: City-based artists Rajesh and Prafulla Sawant have been presented with international awards by Leipzig, Germany-based Art Domain Leipzig for their art. The group has beenbestowing the highly valued Palm Art Awards since 2004.'Journey', a series of paintings by Rajesh Sawant based on the horse, has been awarded an 'outstanding work excellence' award, while Rajesh's brother Prafulla has bagged the 'outstanding originality and quality merit award' for his series of paintings 'Blossom of Dream'.The interesting fact is that the award-winning paintings will be published on postage stamps in Germany.Prafulla said, \"The peculiarity of the Palm Art Award is that this is one award where the the jury does not consider a single painting by a particular artist but evaluates a series of paintings by the artist.\"It is a matter of honour for the brothers that both of their collections were selected for the awards.The Nashik brothers are the first Indians to bag this international award. The artwork of both has been uploaded for online viewing on the website of Germany's art museum, Prafulla Sawant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12063210", "title": "Centre to decide on Kuttanad scheme in 2 weeks", "text": "KOCHI: The Centre on Monday agreed to take a decision on the Rs 424-crore integrated water supply scheme for Kuttanad within two weeks.Kerala water resources minister P J Joseph told TOI over phone from New Delhi that this assurance was given by Union minister for rural development during a meeting. \"The state is optimistic of a favourable decision from the Centre,\" Joseph said.The scheme was submitted by the state towards the end of last year. The minister said the scheme also had a sanitation component apart from water supply to entire Kuttanad region. \"Some amount will have to be chipped by the state for the implementation of the scheme,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062871", "title": "Youth falls off train, parents pin hopes on Western Railway to foot medical bills", "text": "MUMBAI: Two weeks after a collegian from Konkan fell off a local train near Marine Lines station, his parents are struggling to foot expenses for his treatment and are hoping the Western Railway will come to their rescue. Chetan Kulkarni (19) had come to Mumbai earlier this month to participate in a sports event. He fell off a train on February 14 and sustained severe injuries on his brain and kidneys. The Government Railway Police (GRP) has spoken to his parents but are yet to record Chetan's statement.\"Chetan is our only son. We hail from Arvali village in Sangameshwar. We own a patch of farmland and a small eatery. Me and my wife have been staying in the corridors of JJ Hospital for the last two weeks and have exhausted our savings,\" his father, Jayant, told TOI.Chetan had come to Mumbai with a group of 25 to 30 students from his college in Konkan. He was to participate in a tug-of-war competition at the Wankhede stadium. On the night of February 14, Chetan and some of his friends decided to go to Marine Lines. They boarded a Churchgate-bound train and when it was time to get off, Chetan stood near the door. Around 10.30 pm, he fell off the train between Charni Road and Marine Lines station; his family is unaware how.Chetan's friends rushed him to GT Hospital and the Churchgate GRP was summoned. He had sustained a 4-inch long and 1.5-inch deep wound on his head, apart from facial injuries, police said. The GRP informed Chetan's parents. \"Chetan was moved to JJ Hospital and was operated before we arrived. He was kept on ventilator and was unconscious all these days. He was taken off the ventilator on Sunday after he regained consciousness. His movements are limited, he can stretch his hands and feet only a little. He has undergone dialysis four times,\" Jayant said.So far, the Kulkarnis have spent Rs 25,000 on medicines and other expenses. \"I'm planning to go back to raise some money but cannot leave my wife alone here,\" Jayant added. When contacted, a Western Railway spokesperson said they would verify the case facts before reaching a conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12065153", "title": "HC calls for action on threat to CBI", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan high court on Monday directed the state government to take action on the allegations made by the CBI that its officials are being threatened and witnesses are being pressurised to retract in the Bhanwari Devi case.The court also asked the government to consider the request of the CBI to shift MLAs Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi to separate jails. \"The government has to take action by March 2 and the report to this effect is to be produced before the court on March 3,\" said the state's counsel Pradhyuman Singh. He said that a complaint of threat has already been given to the police by the CBI.The court, in its order, has said that the allegations made by the CBI are of serious nature and need to be looked into by the state government in order to ensure the objectivity of the investigation.A division bench comprising Justice Govind Mathur and Justice N K Jain directed the government to consider the applications of the CBI and take every possible action on or before March 2.The CBI, in its affidavit, claimed that they had been facing obstacles as the high and mighty are involved in this case and are exercising every possible trick to influence the witnesses, threaten CBI officials and scuttle the investigation. Referring to one such example, in which a witness, Rajesh Parihar, had been threatened by Leela and Divya Maderna, CBI said that a case has already been registered by Parihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12062891", "title": "Woman held for selling fake gold bars", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 35-year-old con-woman from Andhra Pradesh was arrested on Saturday for cheating a beautician in Tirupur, by selling fake gold bars.The con-woman was identified as V Lakshmi alias Angammal of Sathanapally near Guntur in Andhra Pradesh. According to Tirupur police, Lakshmi and her husband Venkitapathy came to Tirupur last month. The couple had approached several persons, trying to sell their fake gold bars.On January 25, Lakshmi took her 10-year-old daughter to a beauty parlour at Golden Nagar in Tirupur. Owner of the parlor C Jayanthi, 31, spoke to Lakshmi about her financial crisis. The latter said she would sell her a gold bar worth Rs 10 lakh for just Rs 3 lakh. Consequently, Jayanthi borrowed Rs 3 lakh from a bank, pledging 19 sovereigns of gold jewels, and handed the money to Lakshmi. In exchange, Lakshmi gave her the gold bar.When Jayanthi realized that the bar was fake, she lodged a complaint with Tirupur police, which arrested Lakshmi on Saturday. After an interrogation, Lakshmi confessed to the crime. A special team has been sent to Andhra Pradesh to nab Venkitapathy. Police said the couple had cheated several persons in this way.\"Initially, the couple had lured victims with a sample piece of gold which was original,\"said Inspector Selva Thangam of Tirupur North police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12064169", "title": "After 5 yrs, Mor Bhavan hosts city buses again", "text": "NAGPUR: After a gap of nearly five years, Mor Bhavan terminus once again hosted city buses albeit on a limited basis. On Monday evening, operator Vansh Nimay started operating buses to Hingna, Defence and Kamptee from the three bays that MSRTC gave to them. A total of 52 buses will operate on these routes from Mor Bhavan.Though the decision to hand over the bays was already taken MSRTC staffer wanted to protest it by going on strike on Monday morning. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal got wind of it and informed it to chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad who summoned principal secretary (transport) Shailesh Kumar Sharma and managing director of MSRTC Dipak Kapoor at Mumbai around 11 am.Official sources said Gaikwad directed them ensure city buses began operation from Mor Bhavan from Monday itself as decided between NMC and MSRTC on February 23. Officials then persuaded the staffers not to precipitate the matter.Vansh Nimay manager Mahesh Kandhalkar then sent a bus to Mor Bhavan at 3.20 pm. However, a security guard and staffers of MSRTC stopped it in the entrance and asked the commuters to get down. The bus returned again creating possibility of stand-off.Deputy manager of MSRTC at Mor Bhavan DD Kalmegh told the staffers there were verbal instructions from the higher authorities about permitting city buses on Platform 5,6 and 7. \"Staffers are asking for written instructions,\" she said. This got NMC and MSRTC officials into a huddle once more. Finally, the issue was resolved and buses began operating from Mor Bhavan at 5 pm.Kandhalkar told TOI, \"Around 50,000 citizens, including students, travel on these three routes. Hence, these routes were being started first. We will make available proper toilet and drinking water facility for passengers. NMC and MSRTC will run the service smoothly,\" he said.Sources said MSRTC was planning to construct more 10 platforms in addition to existing seven at Mor Bhavan. It will then give four more platforms for city buses. If everything goes well, Mor Bhavan may once again see its glory days as hub of city bus service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064854", "title": "Airport Metro slow for check", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Airport Metro Express is running slow as it is undergoing an annual check. Admitting that it is now running at only 80-90 kmph against the usual 105kmph, Reliance Infrastructure president Anil P Gupta said, ''The reason is a system check that the company is undertaking after completion of a year of operation.\"The speed will stay low for few more weeks, said officials of R-Infra , the concessionaire for the Airport Metro Express. ''The system check is being carried out partially during service hours and partly when the train is not operational, bringing down the pace of work. This will affect speed for the next two-three weeks,\" an official said.The official said the routine check is of all operations, including tracks, signaling, telecom and other services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062744", "title": "Nizampet at the mercy of \u2018water mafia\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's an organized water mafia at work in the bustling Nizampet. The 70,000-odd residents are aghast at the massive exploitation of groundwater by private contractors who obviously enjoy political connections, while the civic officials look the other way.The residents are justifiably worried about the grim situation looming ahead in summer what with each family shelling out Rs 4,000 a month on water alone. Though there is no alarming fall in the groundwater table in Nizampet, indiscriminate digging of borewells in every available vacant space and extraction of water by the tanker operators have left the area in deep waters. \"The area was brimming over with water a couple of years ago. Now, it is facing a crisis. When there is no water how would people live and buy land,\" Seethamurthy, a resident of the area, sought to know.Residents allege that MLC Kasani Gnaneswar, who went on a land grabbing spree including occupying nalas when the area was fast developing into a real estate hub some 7-8 years ago, has a big role in running the water mafia as well. Ranga Reddy district Congress committee leader Kuna Prasad Goud suspects nexus between elected representatives and officials. \"An inquiry should be ordered into the water racket,\" he says.The Andhra Pradesh Water, Land and Trees Act (AP WALTA Act) of 2002, which bars extraction of groundwater for commercial gain, is made a mockery of here as hundreds of tankers are pumping out water nonchalantly and supplying it to other areas. \"It's an organized water racket which is playing havoc with the lives of the residents. Local politicians are directly involved in the water business,\" complained a resident.Some private tankers operate in their own land and others dig borewells in leased land and extract water. Survey number 199 is a classic example of maximum exploitation where the tanker operators have dug up illegal borewells. Interestingly, a senior revenue official attributes it to excessive crowding of Nizampet by IT professionals and others as it is hardly 10 km away from the IT hub. \"We have no idea as to how many tankers operate in the area but illegal borewells have sprung up everywhere,\" he said.The tragedy is that the residents are forced to purchase water with officials unable to curb private tankers' free run nor ensure water supply. \"There is a huge demand for private tankers. Almost every apartment requires one to two tankers a day. About 1,000-1,200 tankers ferry water every two days to cater to the needs of 700 apartments,\" Bommareddy Soujanya, a local, pointed out.During the summer the rates reach sky high with each tanker costing around Rs 800-1,000. \"We don't have an option but to depend on these private operators. We are spending at least Rs 500-600 for a 5,000-litre water tanker now,\" said Kommineni Venkataramana, secretary of Venkata Ramana Apartments. Though the water crisis is acute in the surrounding areas like Miyapur and other villages in Qutbullapur mandal, the problem is grave in Nizampet.The panchayat limits has about 700 apartments, and borewells sanctioned, as per the rules, are below hundred. But ruling party leaders in active connivance with contractors dug up borewells in every available space, thereby putting immense pressure on the groundwater table. \"Apartment residents depend on private tankers and illegal borewells. Indiscriminate digging of borewells and illegal construction permissions by the panchayat have led to the severe water crisis,\" panchayat executive officer Suresh Reddy explained.Local Congress MLA Kuna Srisailam Goud blames it on officials. \"The officials should be questioned for allowing building violations and illegal digging of borewells,\" he told TOI. He denies that he is part of the water mafia. \"If tankers are stopped, who will supply water to the residents,\" he questions.Sources said two water tanks -- Antamma Kunta and Acharaya Kunta -- were grabbed by the land mafia, which developed real estate projects there. Ambeer Cheruvu, the only water source in the area, is constantly exploited by the private tankers, who extract water from the tank also to supply it to other areas.When contacted, Chandrappa, special officer of Nizampet panchayat, has no clue as to how to curb the illegal exploitation of water. \"Many borewells were dug up during the term of the previous panchayat board,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062780", "title": "Chandrababu Naidu's kin own 320 acres land, says Telengana leader", "text": "HYDERABAD: K Chandrasekhar Rao, the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) president, on Monday demanded that the state government launch an inquiry into the alleged benami assets owned by political rival and Telugu Desam Party chief N Chandrababu Naidu , which he claimed ran into some 320 acres of land in Nindali village in Nellore district's Balaipalli mandal.Rao alleged that these lands have been transferred to relatives on Naidu's sisters' side of the family by his wife, son and the TDP leader himself after he became chief minister in 1995.Rao said that a government enquiry would expose Naidu, whom he described as \"benami king\". These lands are in the names of his sisters, sisters-in-law, sister's son-in-law, Rao alleged saying that the list went on. Rao also accused Naidu of grabbing 17 acres of assigned lands belonging to dalits and girijans.\"Strangely, Naidu makes a gift of 7.1 acres to son Lokesh who, incidentally, gifts another parcel of land (6.36 acres) to Naidu. On the same day, August 25, 2001, another chunk of land (13.91 acres) is registered in the name of Naidu's sister,\" he said.Accusing Naidu of being the biggest stumbling block to the formation of a separate Telangana state, Rao said that the TDP chief was apprehensive that the process of having their demands fulfilled by the Centre would be speeded up were the TRS to sweep the bypolls.He flayed Naidu for spreading canards about TRS activists joining TDP. Rao reminded the TDP chief that four of his MLAs had already crossed over to his camp with more likely to follow suit.Saying that the party would field a bypoll candidate for Nellore district's Kovvur constituency, the TRS chief said he would campaign in the area for two days from March 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062802", "title": "MPs play truant, skip crucial railway feedback meet", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a year ago, the railway board asked its all zonal general managers to seek feedback from Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha members on new trains, passenger amenities, modernization plans and measures for improvement of services. Accordingly, periodical meetings were convened but the MPs' response was dismal.One such meeting convened by Central Railway (CR) saw only six out of 24MPs from the Mumbai-Thane region turn up, said a top bureaucrat. In Pune, only seven of the 26 MPs attended the meeting, he added.The Mumbai region meeting was attended by Rajya Sabha member Bharatkumar Raut and Lok Sabha members Eknath Gaikwad, Anand Paranjape, Gajanan Babar, Samir Bhujbal and Sanjeev Naik. The Pune region meeting was attended by MPs Supriya Sule (Baramati), Samir Bhujbal (Nashik), Bhau Wakchaure (Shirdi), Gajanan Babar, Raju Shetty and Pratik Patil (Sangli), who is also the Union minister of state for coal.Though Ahmednagar MP Jeetendra Gandhi did not attend the meeting, he submitted his feedback to the railway administration. Babar and Bhujbal attended both the meetings as part of their constituencies fall in Mumbai as well as Pune regions.The decision to call such meetings was taken after some MPs submitted to the then railway minister Mamata Banerjee that the issues raised by them were not being addressed as there was no interaction between them and zonal general managers, said the bureaucrat.The MPs who did participate in the meetings made concrete suggestions. Bhujbal suggested installation of escalators at the Nashik railway station, extension of certain trains to CST and survey for expansion of rail network beyond Nashik in the industrial belt around Sinnar. Sule pressed for the development of stations in the Pune region.A senior Congress leader said, \"MPs must ensure that Maharashtra gets adequate funds for new projects and trains in the upcoming budget.\"According to a note circulated by the special assignment cell of the CM's office, 35 projects are pending with the Centre, said the leader. \"The MPs should now concentrate on these projects,\" he said. \"CM Prithviraj Chavan had held a series of meetings with the minister of state for railways. He had taken up the matter with the prime minister as well. In such circumstances, we expect a better deal.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12068280", "title": "Pakistan court seeks report from interior ministry on Sarabjit Singh", "text": "LAHORE: A Pakistani court has sought a report from the interior ministry in response to a petition seeking the release of Indian national Sarabjit Singh , currently on death row following his conviction for alleged involvement in bomb attacks in 1990.Justice Manzoor Ahmad Malik of the Lahore high court on Monday asked the interior ministry to file a reply by March 16, failing which the court would decide the matter on merit.Sarabjit's counsel Awais Sheikh had submitted the petition seeking the inclusion of his client in a list of foreigners languishing in Pakistani jails despite having served their sentences.Sheikh had asked the court to issue directions in this respect to the Foreign Secretary and the superintendent of Kot Lakhpat Jail, where Sarabjit is being held.The prison superintendent had earlier informed the court that though Sarabjit's prison term had expired a year ago, his fate would be decided in the light of directions from the General Headquarters of the Pakistan Army and the presidency.The superintendent said he had written four times to the Inspectorate of Prisons and the Home Department of Punjab province, seeking guidance on the issue in the light of directions from the General Headquarters.Sarabjit, imprisoned since 1990, was given the death sentence under the Army Act for alleged involvement in four bomb blasts that killed 14 people. He submitted a mercy petition to the army chief, but it was rejected with a direction that it should be forwarded to the President.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12064993", "title": "Four killed in two separate accidents", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three members of a family including a minor were killed when a truck hit them while the victim had stopped on the roadside to attend to nature's call near Ratai village in Gosainganj police station area in the wee hours of Monday. The victims were returning after attending a marriage when the incident took place.The three were identified as Vinay, a resident of Barabanki and his cousins Vipin (15), and Anuj (22), both residents of Barabanki too. According to Vinay's father Mayaram, his son along with his two nephews along with other villagers had gone to attend a marriage at Kabeerpur village in Gosainganj area. From there, Vinay, Vipin and Anuj decided to return to their village at around 4.00 a.m. on a motorcycle.On the way, the three while talking to each other, were hit by a truck coming from Lucknow side .Both Vipin and Vinay, according to Mayaram died on the spot while Anuj was rushed to Trauma Centre of CSMMU in a serious condition, where he also succumbed to his injuries. According to the police, the driver of the vehicle fled the spot leaving the vehicle. The police have seized the vehicle and have launched a search to nab the unidentified truck driver. In yet another incident, which also took place in Gosainganj area, an 18-year-old youth was killed when a truck hit his motorcycle on Monday noon. The victim was identified as Nankau, a resident of Mohammedpur Gadi village in Gosainganj area. The incident took place on Gosainganj-Mohanlalganj road at Anoopganj Railway Crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12065079", "title": "Textile makers, IT companies protest power holiday", "text": "CHENNAI: The state's decision to impose four-hour outages daily and a weekly power holiday has left two key sectors , IT companies and textile exporters , in a quandary - to plead or to protest . Nasscom regional director K Purushothaman feels that the government acted unilaterally , without consulting the association before announcing a Tuesday power holiday . \"There are 3.2lakhIT employees in the . 45,000crore industry in the state . Our profits will definitely get affected ,\" he said . He plans to request the government to change the power holiday to Saturday , a leaner day .Tirupur Exporters Association president A Sakthivel is equally unhappy with the power holiday , Friday in this case . He has written to chief minister J Jayalalithaa seeking exemption . His logic : Sunday , being a holiday for the exporters , is virtually a power holiday . Why a second non-working day ?Tamil Nadu has been groping in the dark , literally , as the power demand touched 12,000MW though generation stagnated at 8,500MW . From Monday , the government increased load shedding in the city by an hour and reduced it in the districts from eight hours to four . In reality , however , many parts of the state continue to reel under cuts for more than eight hours .The government has imposed a 40% power cut and one-day power holiday on industries and commercial establishments .With demand in TN at 12,000MW and generation only 8,500MW, the govt has imposed a 40% power cut and one-day power holiday on industries IT companies and Tirupur's exporters are in a quandary, whether to plead or protest IT companies and industries are forced to use diesel generator sets Tirupur exporters are more concerned about escalating costs due to the use of diesel generators Sunday being a holiday for the exporters, it is virtually a power holiday. Why a second non-working day, they ask Power situation bleak for 5 mthsThe state-imposed four-hour outage has left IT companies and textile exportersin thestatehigh anddry .\"This means daily we will have four hours of power cut, two hours of load shedding and one day we cannot function . Apart from this, we will alsohaveunscheduledoutages oncethedemandsoarsin summer ,\" said an IT company official in Chennai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12066980", "title": "'Paglu 2' to shoot abroad", "text": "Dev had a blast while shooting for director Sujit Mondol's 'Paglu 2'.\"With Totada ( Tota Roy Choudhury) around on the sets, one is bound to have a nice time. In spite of the hectic schedule, never for once did we feel exhausted, thanks to the friendly team. Totada has a particular way of delivering dialouges that kept making me burst into laughter,\" said Dev.The buzz is that the unit will be leaving for Dubai and Malaysia to shoot the action sequences in the first week of April and then on, head to New Zealand and Europe to can the song-and-dance sequences.\"'Paglu' was such a hit that with 'Paglu 2', I'm all nerves. The film may not be a sequel to 'Paglu' but I still have to keep up to the audience's expectations,\" said the actor.Sujit Mondol too is happy with his team's performance in 'Paglu2'. \"Dev, Koel and Tota - each of them is delivering their best. Action plays a vital role in this film and we will be shooting the scenes on the outskirts of Dubai and Malaysia.\"Is shooting bits of the film in foreign lands part of the burgeoning trend in Tollyville of featuring exotic locations on celluloid? \"The location is an integral part of the movie and, in this case, the storyline of the film is taking us there rather than the other way round,\" smiled the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12062830", "title": "New health policy for AP govt staff", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Monday informed the Assembly that it was contemplating formulating a new medical policy to provide better health services to employees and pensioners.The matter, it was learnt, is under consideration and the Assembly was informed that a state-level committee with representatives from employees and retired employees' associations would be constituted to work out the modalities of implementing such a scheme.Among the aspects that need attention is, it was learnt, the type of health cards that would be provided to intended beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12064082", "title": "Talks on for WTO regional centre in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Talks have been initiated for setting up a regional resource centre for consultation on World Trade Organization (WTO) issues at Mahatma Gandhi State Institute for Public Administration of Punjab (MGSIPAP) here.The idea emerged at a regional conference on \"International Trade Issues/WTO and Prospects\", organized by Delhi-based centre for WTO studies. The centre is part of the Indian Institute for Foreign Trade (IIFT), which is a government of India-supported institute.MGSIPAP director general B K Srivastava told The Times of India here on Monday that talks were on.No information, however, was available on as to what level the talks had progressed.The need for institutional arrangements in states was expressed by additional secretary, commerce and trade, government of India, Rajeev Kher.Kher told The Times of India, \"States have been facing a problem of information and expertise and information on WTO and international trade\".Professor Sajal Mathur from the centre of WTO studies also revealed that Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu had already made such arrangements. The centre was planning an aggressive campaign to build capacity in all 28 states.The conference had participation from Punjab, Haryana, Himachal and Jammu and Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12062920", "title": "For many city youngsters, blogging is earning money", "text": "PUNE: Neeti Mishra is a second year arts student and a professional blogger. She is 19 and earns approximately Rs 20,000 per month.Till a couple of years back, she had not imagined that her passion for blogging could earn her some quick buck in the internet world. Now, she is a professional blogger and her blog earns her a good sum after spending about 28 to 30 hours per week.Blogging is no more a pastime or just another hobby for youngsters. Blogging is fast becoming a steady source of income and is catching up among students in the age group of 18 to 28 years.There are some who have taken up blogging part-time while some youngsters are doing it full-time. The bloggers choose a topic that is informative and one that will have a high user-base.Generally, topics on technology, smartphone applications, real estate, earning money online are most sought after by users.Bloggers then approach potential advertisers who place their advertisements in their blog and every time a user clicks on the advertisement the blogger gets paid.A part-time blogger, who spends four to five hours in a day can earn anywhere between Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 in a month while a full time blogger earns close to Rs 40,000 to Rs 50,000 in a month.\"My blog talks about variety of social networking platforms available on the internet. I started blogging by putting up my experiences from my school and college life. Once I blogged about how I got hooked to one of the social networking sites. I regularly kept writing about these sites and soon found out that I could even earn a handful of money through every post,\" Mishra said.Most of her followers, or users, who read her blog regularly, comprise a large number of student communities, coaching classes, private book publishers and even online shopping portals.Rahul Bansal, another blogger in the city, started earning through his blogs when he was 20.\"I was doing my engineering at the time and spent some time on blogs. Initially, I started blogging only to share my knowledge on technology. Later, it became a good source of income and now five years later, I have hired part-time authors who write for my blog and I earn enough to pay their salaries,\" Bansal, who did his masters in technology from the College of Engineering, Pune, said.Bansal's blog deals mostly with technology and the latest software available.He said, \"Income depends on many factors. Although it is a very good medium of earning money, the bloggers also has to be regular, disciplined and master the topic that he or she chooses.\"Shilpi Mitra, who is in the last year of graduation, blogs on fashion and lifestyle.\"I began about a couple of years ago. I usually write about apparel stores in the city. Naturally, the stores that I am writing about place an advertisement in my blog. I have to only do some research on trends and useful fashion tips. I update my blog twice in a week and once I finish my graduation I'm planning to do full-time blogging.\"Aditya Kulkarni, another blogger from the city, writes about travel destinations and he has at least about 25 to 30 readers going through his blog on a daily basis.\"Travel companies pay me well. They place advertisements on the packages available and their forthcoming trips. Sometimes a single travel company requests me to write on the package itself, so the entire blog post is sponsored. Although, income is not very consistent, during holiday seasons, I make good money,\" Kulkarni said.Eom/swati", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12066827", "title": "When Bhagath Manuel turned tutor", "text": "Bhagath Manuel, of Malarvady fame, has been working extra hard at ensuring he has a lot of interesting characters to essay this year.He's just wrapped up shoot for Anwar Rasheed's Ustad Hotel, where he will be essaying the role of a band member. The cast includes Littil Swayamp, Sreenath Bhasi and Ouseph. Bhagath says his main job on the sets, was to teach Ouseph aka Oso, who was born and brought up in Australia, Malayalam. \"We had so much fun teaching him Malayalam,\" says the actor.\"After learning each word, he would ask us whether he can say that to his mother. If we say 'yes', he would definitely use the word at some point. That way, he knew that what he was learning was right too. Oso will probably continue his tryst with Malayalam even after we finish working on this film,\" says the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "perhaps, by the death of great movie plot lines! yes, you heard it right. the badshah of bollywood shah rukh khan posted on his microblogging site", "code": "12054209", "title": "Why is Shah Rukh Khan sad?", "text": "Perhaps, by the death of great movie plot lines! Yes, you heard it right. The Badshah of Bollywood Shah Rukh Khan posted on his microblogging site: \"Saddened at the demise of great movie plot lines.Wotever happened to car chases...macho one liners &amp; sharon stone crossing her legs?\" If that was not enough, SRK further wrote, \"My information highway sucks ...tabloids write sum crap...tv channels ticker tape it...twitter reports it to me...I get to know shit! Q.E.D...QED is an abbreviation for a Latin term which means wot needed to be proved or demonstrated has been shown....or simply put...there got it!\" So, was he miffed or was it plain humor? That's a question only SRK has the answer to. But whatever it be, trust the Badshah to come up with this one: \"Late for work..was reflecting humans r the only species which shave &amp; get late for work..none other do..truth b told a gorilla needs it more\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/kolkata", "code": "12066040", "title": "Trade unions strike: Mixed response, banking, transport hit", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/KOLKATA: Normal life was disrupted in Kerala on Tuesday due to the country-wide strike called by central trade unions to protest the \"anti-labour\" policies of the UPA government.Buses kept off the roads and shops were closed in the state. The strike also affected functioning of banks and offices as pro-Left unions in the state sector also joined the protest against the \"neo-liberal economic and labour policies\" pursued by the UPA government at the Centre.The Congress-led UDF government in the state has enforced 'dies non' (no work-no pay) order against the strike in government offices.Early reports from across the state said in most places the mobility of people was hit as the impact of the strike was near total in the transport sector with buses, taxis and autorickshaws keeping off the road. The rail traffic, however, was not affected and no blockade was reported from anywhere in the early hours. There was no disruption in electricity or water supply and the health sector exempted from the strike. Labour leaders have claimed that the strike is going to be a historic event and a stern warning against \"anti-labour policies\" of the UPA government.The key demands of the unions include guarantee of labour rights, end to the contract labour system, bringing workers in the unorganized sector under the social security net and pension benefit for all workers. Besides the Left unions like CITU and AITUC and HMS, the pro-Congress INTUC and pro-BJP BMS are also supporting the strike.Normal life unaffected by strike in KolkataKOLKATA: Normal life on Tuesday remained largely unaffected here due to the general strike called to protest \"anti-labour\" policies of the government, with chief minister Mamata Banerjee warning state government employees that absence from duty will be treated as a break in service.State government-run buses, taxis, trams, trains and Metro rail services were normal though private buses were plying in fewer number.Flight operations from NSC Bose international airport here were normal. All morning flights of Air-India and other private airlines left Kolkata airport as schedule, sources said.\"Everything has been normal so far. Things are going on well. Tight security arrangements are in place with 400 police pickets set up in various parts of the city,\" city police commissioner R K Pachnanda said.\"Twenty-five flying squads are patrolling the city to prevent any disruption in law and order. Senior police officers, including the deputy commissioners of police, are overseeing the law and order situation,\" Pachnanda said.Peaceful start to strike in MaharashtraMUMBAI: Employees of banks, insurance companies, central government and local bodies as well as workers in several private industries joined a 24-hour all India strike of various trade unions here on Tuesday, IANS reported.However, the state government, railways and BEST (city public bus service) employees have not joined the strike on account of ongoing examinations while essential services have been kept out, one of the organisers in Maharashtra said.\"The strike response is total, spontaneous and peaceful. This afternoon, thousands of striking workers shall march to Azad Maidan for a rally which will be addressed by top union leaders,\" All India Bank Employees Association secretary Vishwas Utagi said Tuesday morning.Police have deployed tight security at strategic locations in Mumbai and other cities in the state to ward off any untoward incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12063648", "title": "CM not bound by any advice: govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government on Monday filed a counter plea before the high court, defending the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah as Upa Lokayukta on January 21, saying the chief minister is not bound by any advice.The state also said that consultation is only a procedural requirement. Ultimately, while advising the governor on making the appointment, the chief minister has the primacy. \"The CM had initiated the process, as required under law, by writing letters to constitutional functionaries. In response to the letter, the Chief Justice suggested the name of Justice H Rangavittalachar, retired HC judge. Opposition leader in the Karnataka Legislative Assembly had recommended the names of Justice Mohammed Anwar, retired Karnataka High Court judge, and Justice Ramana, chairman of the Karnataka State Consumer Redressal Commission,\" the state said.In a similar stand, Justice Chandrashekaraiah also defended his appointment, saying the CM is not bound by any advice by the Chief Justice. The law regarding primacy of opinion that evolved regarding judicial appointments cannot be applied to the appointment of a Upa Lokayukta, who is an investigating / inquiring authority, he contended. The division bench headed by Justice N Kumar adjourned the hearing to March 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12064976", "title": "School bus owners' stir from March 9", "text": "MUMBAI: The School Bus Operators' Association has called an indefinite school bus strike from March 9. This may affect children studying in schools where examinations will be on during the strike period.\"Our association had a meeting with principal secretary (transport) Shailesh Sharma on Tuesday, but he did not give us a favourable response. He seems to have a negative approach, which is why we have decided to go ahead with the indefinite strike ,\" said Anil Garg from the association, adding that the operators wanted a fixed school bus policy for the safety of children.\"They (RTO) are changing the policy every now and then as per their whims and fancies. This is unacceptable,'' said Garg.Sharma said the government was looking into the demands. \"The safety of schoolchildren is paramount. But the fact that the operators are threatening a strike shows how insensitive they are. Many students will have exams in March and they will suffer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12063289", "title": "Finally, heir dream takes seed", "text": "KOCHI: Their wish for a grandchild would now come true. Law has finally come to the help of aged couple Ravikumar and Karthiyani, who had approached the Lok Adalat to retrieve their deceased son's semen from a private hospital.The unusual legal battle came to a happy ending on Monday with the legal forum ordering the hospital to release the semen of Ratheesh which has been preserved at CIMAR Hospital after he was diagnosed with tumour on his left testicle.The order comes with three conditions, though. The couple has to give a written receipt for receiving the semen, they should not sue the hospital for any medico-legal case regarding this, and they should abide by the rules and regulations of assisted reproductive technology. The hospital can destroy the semen if the couple does not comply with these conditions within three months.Hospital authorities said they would hand it over when the couple is ready for it, and hoped that this would act as a guideline for such cases in the future.\"We wanted a legal intervention so that we would not face any issue regarding this. If the request came from the wife, it would not have created this confusion. This could be a reference in future too,\" said Dr Parasuram Gopinath, consultant and scientific director of CIMAR, Kochi.Rateesh, 28, had died of pneumonia on January 5 this year. And the hospital refused to hand over the semen to the parents who wanted a grandchild through surrogacy.The couple has to give a receipt for receiving the semen and they should not sue the hospital regarding this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12063724", "title": "Robotic legs to help Ajit Jogi walk again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Chhattisgarh CM Ajit Jogi can barely wait for March 16. It is the day when he will first try a pair of robotic legs, making him the first Indian to do so. Jogi, who has been confined to wheelchair since the fateful accident in 2004, may now have a chance to stand and walk again.\"I'd like to walk in the garden in front of my house,'' Jogi said when asked what is the first thing he would like to do after he puts on the robotic legs.The astute politician may have weathered many a political storm with ease, but this once he is quietly excited over an invention that could end his days of wheelchair-dependence.Doctors and executives from Rex Bionics will be coming to Raipur for the trial that is expected to last for about a week to 10 days. \"The company will then decide how soon I can use the product,'' Jogi said on phone from Raipur.Rex Bionics is a New Zealand-based global technology firm that is marketing `robotic exoskeletons (Rex)'. Rex provides independent mobility to wheelchair users and other mobility impaired persons using advanced robotic technology, custom-designed electromechanical actuators, precision engineering and specialized networking systems.The device is designed to enable its users to stand, walk, scale stairs and navigate slopes. Each Rex is custom-built for a customer's height, health requirements and level of mobility. So once the training is done, the device will be fitted as per Jogi's specifications to make it a perfect fit.The training covers all aspects of operation and use of Rex, including battery recharging, walking, climbing stairs and ongoing customer care.The wait for the device has been long for Jogi. \"I found out about the device last September. There are very few firms dealing with this, so I e-mailed all of them. But both the American and Israeli firms could not provide the device so soon. Finally, it was this New Zealand firm that agreed. I can't wait to try on the legs,'' Jogi said.Wheelchair users can suffer from multiple health issues arising from lack of mobility and the secondary complications of wheelchair use like urinary tract, bowel, cardiovascular, metabolic and skin related problems allied to psychological conditions all contribute to significant morbidity, care costs and increased mortality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12063786", "title": "Give us something permanent please!", "text": "LUDHIANA: The municipal corporationa??s stopgap arrangement of patch-working potholed roads has not impressed residents, who are tired of them washing away every few months. Anticipating that the potholes would resurface soon, residents said MC should spend more money on repairing broken roads and use fine construction material to avoid easy breakage.According to records of deputy controller of finance and accounts, in the MC budget for 2011-12, the authorities approved Rs 110.78 crore. But they reduced the amount allotted for repair work from Rs 47.52 crore to Rs 42.78 crore.MC commissioner M S Jaggi said, a??We started patch work on the main roads from Saturday and it will take almost a month to cover all the main roads. Then, we will start on the inner roads.a?? He said there are some roads where recarpeting was pending for a long time. Tenders for the work were allotted but due to the election code of conduct work was not started.A businessman and resident of Model Town Neeraj Khanna said, a??The main road near Pakhowal Bridge has been washed away. It was constructed hardly six months ago. Patch work on this stretch has started but it would also go away soon.a??Echoing the same, resident of Pakhowal Road Bharti Jain said, a??Some roads have become dangerous for commuters because the bitumen has been washed away and stones come under the tyres of the vehicles that could lead to accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12063899", "title": "ESIC team meets minister, seeks govt nod for absorbing medical staff", "text": "INDORE: A delegation of the Employees State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) approached state industries minister Kailash Vijaywargiya on Sunday last in a bid to expedite the absorption procedure of doctors and other paramedical staff and asked the state government to hand over required consent papers to the ESIC for further action on the issue.A letter was given to the minister in which, the ESIC asked the state government to submit formal consent for absorption of doctors and other staff members, who were appointed on deputation at Model Hospital in Nanda Nagar.ToI carried a report on the shortage of doctors and paramedical staff at the ESI dispensaries in the state.Nearly 172 state government medical staff members are demanding their absorption in the ESIC as the maximum period of their deputation period of five years is about to end this financial year.Mukesh Chauhan, general secretary, Central Government Coordination Committee, who was heading the delegation, said, \"ESIC has completed the process of absorption. The staff members have given their consent and a high-power central committee has recommended the absorption after going through the papers.''It was decided during the merger of ESI scheme with ESIC that the staffers on deputation would be absorbed first into the new body, he said.Regarding the absorption of the staffers, the deputy medical commissioner of ESIC based in New Delhi had written to the state labour secretary about the expiry of deputation period of the staff taken on deputation by the ESIC.\"Taking ESI scheme from state government under ESI is likely to take time. So, it is decided to absorb staffers on deputation from September 2011 after completing the requisite formalities,'' said the letter. According to the staff members, ESIC has sought a no-objection certificate (NOC) and other documents from the state government. But due to certain alleged vested interests involved in it, the procedure is getting delayed.The ESI Hospital at Nanda Nagar was taken over by the ESIC to develop it as model hospital in 2007. Due to increased workload, the state government doctors and other staffers were appointed on deputation and it was decided to absorb the staff members after the complete merger of ESI scheme into ESIC. The merger had to be done in a phased manner by 2008. But the procedure exceeded the time limit and absorption of the staff members is still hanging in balance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12067078", "title": "Today\u2019s first PU exams postponed", "text": "HUBLI: In view of the statewide school/ college bandh call given by Students Federation of India on Tuesday, the department of Pre-University education has announced that PU first year annual examination scheduled for February 28 (history, electronics and computer science papers) are postponed.The examination will be held on March 5 from 9am to 12.15pm, deputy director of PU education department Raveendra Ritti said in a release here on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12063552", "title": "Kid slips and plunges to death from building", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-year-old girl slipped and plunged to her death from the second floor of a building in Kothavalchavadi on Monday even as some neighbours watched helplessly. The mishap occurred at 8.30am.After talking to some residents of the building, police said Neelam was at the balcony, trying to see her mother Shanthi Devi and her sister Sanjana (6), who had left for school, when she fell through a gap in the balcony wall, police said.\"Shanthi Devi usually left Neelam in their third floor apartment while she took her older daughter to school, a few metres away from the house. On Monday, she left with Sanjana at 8.30am,'' a police officer said.After her mother and sister left, Neelam came down to the second floor and began playing in the balcony. Then, she reached the wall, which had gaps in between, and slipped out of a gap, some neighbours later told police.A little later, Shanthi Devi came home and saw her daughter in a pool of blood on the ground and bleeding. She was rushed to a nearby private hospital where she was declared dead on arrival, police said. The body was later taken to the Stanley Medical College and Hospital (SMCH) for postmortem.\"Though the cement balcony wall in the building was tall enough, there were gaps in between, as part of the design, which resulted in the girl's fall,'' a police officer said. Neelam's father Gandhilal is a salesperson at a plastic wholesale shop in Sowcarpet, sources said.The police registered a case under section 174 of CrPC (accidental death) and handed over the body to the family after the autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12069826", "title": "'Destructive' bandhs are not the future: Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Claiming that Tuesday's \"Left-sponsored bandh\" had 'failed' in West Bengal for the first time in 35 years, chief minister Mamata Banerjee said 'destructive' bandhs were not the future and it ended today.She said the \"total failure\" of the shutdown would serve a message to the Leftists in organising such strikes in future.\"Bandh is not the future of Bengal or for that matter the country. The destructive culture of bandh has ended today. Let no one have the courage to call a bandh again,\" Banerjee told reporters at the state secretariat where an unprecedented 65 per cent attendance was recorded today. Without naming the CPI(M), she alleged that the party had kept its existence alive through bandhs.''The manner in which people have responded against today's bandh, no one will now want to call a bandh. There is no impact of the bandh. It has failed totally with 100 per cent attendance by government employees in most places,'' she said.She claimed markets were open in most places while operations in the port, coal sector and the government mint were normal.Trains plied normally and in many cases long-distance trains arrived before time. The industrial belts functioned as usual and there was normal agricultural activity all over the state, Banerjee said.Metro services in the city were also normal, she said adding no flight had been cancelled from the city. \"This is a new achievement in work culture.\" She said 50 additional state-owned buses were pressed into service.\"Though private bus-owners are usually reluctant to operate on such days for fear of their vehicles getting damaged, we have assured them that an insurance cover will be provided in such cases,\" she said.Without referring to issues on which the strike was called, Banerjee said, \"We did not allow entry of FDI in retail. Whatever commitments we made in our manifesto, we will stick to them. We are opposed to foreign capital in insurance and banking sector.\"She said in some places incidents of damage to buses had been reported and threatened action against those involved in them. Saying people in other parts of the country spoke derogative of the work culture prevailing in Bengal, she blamed the Left Front regime for the state-of-affairs and promised to restore it.She claimed the \"98 per cent turn-out of employees in the state secretariat\" was a pointer of things to emerge in future.\"I am proud of my employees. It was not the employees who are to blame for the lack of culture fostered during the previous regime; it is the leaders (of the Left) who are responsible for this.\" She asserted law would take its own course if there was 'Goondaism' to create problems for people in the name of bandhs and claimed without elaboration that the police had acted in places where there were attacks with guns and attempts of arson.She alleged that there was a \"unique combination\" of CPI(M), BJP and RSP joining hands in creating problems in one or two places. Asked what steps would be taken against those who did not report for duty today, she said absenteeism had been reported in two departments and that she would see \"what is to be done and all options are open\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12062868", "title": "20-year-old held for girl's suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 20-year-old business management student, who was responsible for his girl friend's suicide, was arrested on Saturday night and has been lodged in Borstal School at Pollachi in Coimbatore district.The student was identified as Y Sharu alias Ashraf of Kattoor near Mettupalayam. He was studying final year BBM at Sri Krishna Arts and Science College at Sugunapuram near Kuniyamuthur. He confessed that he was friendly with his classmate K Thamaraiselvi, 20, hailing from Rathinapuri but they quarreled often. He had stopped speaking with her a week before she died. On Saturday evening, he went to a bakery near Saibaba Colony along with his friends for a cup of tea. The Rathinapuri police arrested him and he has been lodged in Borstal School at Pollachi.\"The girl had left behind a suicide note which indicated that Ashraf was responsible for her death. We have arrested the student and investigation is on,\" said Inspector Velmurugan of Rathinapuri police station.On Saturday, Thamaraiselvi was found dead in a water tank at her house in Rathinapuri. She was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH), where she was declared brought dead. She committed suicide by consuming poison and falling into a water tank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12064373", "title": "Conference to improve citrus fruits\u2019 production", "text": "NAGPUR: Orange has been synonymous with Nagpur, and so has been National Research Centre for Citrus (NRCC). The institution that is celebrating the silver jubilee of its existence this year is hosting a three-day national conference aimed at discussing ways to better production and utilization of citrus fruits.All the past directors and many renowned agricultural scientists were in city to attend the do. Former chairman of agriculture scientists recruitment board CD Mayee was the chief guest while SK Goel, principal secretary (agriculture), Government of Maharashtra presided over the function.Recounting the two-and-half decade long journey, current director of NRCC VJ Shivankar said that the most important work of the organization has been making an elite plant material common and abundant throughout the country. \"We have ventured into the Northeastern states as well. By standardizing nutritional doses and perfecting the technology of leaf and soil sampling, we have tried to make farmers avail the technology,\" he said.Mayee also congratulated the institute at the leaps it had taken and marvelled at techniques they had perfected. However, he complained that farmers were yet to benefit from it. He asked scientists present, to remove the flaws from the existing local varieties.The scientist also complained that the development of Vidarbha's indigenous citrus varieties have not been at par with the grapes of Marathwada. \"They have made an industry based on wine and nurseries with many private players also chipping in. Something similar needs to be done here too,\" he said.Goel stressed the need for an end-to-end connection between farmers and consumers. He invited people to come up with an idea that could do this. \"If anybody can work out a practical idea in this regard. We wish for a way that would help us to better income for the farmers and make better quality products available to the consumers at lower prices,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12063980", "title": "Showing they are young at heart", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a ramp walk with a difference. \"Young women\" in the age group of 40 years and above walked the ramp, danced even as others played fun games and children acted on stage on serious issues of child labour and female foeticide at the annual couple night of Geetanjali Ladies Club along Haibowal Road on Sunday evening.Kitchlu Nagar resident Komal Arora, a teacher at KVM School and one of the executive members of the club, says, To make the annual function more attractive, we had organised a Laxmi puja, international dance form, old and new songs remixes, two skits on serious issues of national importance, including child labour and female foeticide, a ramp walk by the advisory members, gidha performance and couple dance. We also held fun games for the members. The function was an instant hit as the women enjoyed the event.Says Uma Gupta, a homemaker of Kitchlu Nagar who danced on giddha and remix version of Mere piya gaye rangoon and Saiyaan dil main aana re, It really feels great. Though I enjoyed dancing but what made me so happy was the performance of my 7-year-old daughter Jahnvi, who also acted in the skit on child labour. The way she acted in the skit brought tears into my eyes. It was a special moment for us.Jahnvi says, I felt really good to have acted in the skit. My mother and other people also praised my performance.Reema Verma, homemaker of New Kitchlu Nagar who danced on giddha and contemporary number says, I was preparing for the function for about a week. It was nice to showcase my dancing talent. I enjoyed it fully.Tagore Nagar resident, Anita Kundra, a retired educationist in her 60s, Dr Achla Gupta, a gynaecologist of Shaheed Udham Singh Nagar, who were among more than a dozen advisory members who walked the ramp say, We enjoyed walking down the ramp. The music playing in the background was Mar jawan of Fashion movie.Aman Sood, choreographer of the event, says, We prepared for the event for about one and a half month. In the end, it was worth it.Says Monika Malhotra, president of the club, We got good feedback. We will continue to organize such functions in future also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12065058", "title": "Greens\u2019 shout for cap on iron ore mining falls on deaf ears", "text": "PANAJI: Though mining has been considered as one of the mainstays of Goa's economy, the open cast extraction of iron ore has created a degraded environment with several resultant ills of air and ground water pollution and severe social impacts.The state contributes more than 60% of the country's iron ore export and a foreign exchange earning of almost Rs1,000 crore per annum. Spanning over an area of about 700 sq km in mainly four of the 12 state talukas, the industry with about 100-odd leases operative at any given time, employs around 8,000 truck owners running more than 12,000 vehicles in this sector. The barge industry, considered a cheaper option, operates more than 350 vessels to transport ore from the hinterland to the port.But the severe damage to the state's verdant landscape in the form of deforestation, ground and surface water pollution, and damage to agricultural land and beaches in a worrisome area of concern, say environmentalists. Under open cast mining, ore is extracted by carving out benches atop the hill and also on hill slopes. The pits are dug and also laterally extended in phases and this activity of dozing and ripping the landscape has left rows of reject dumps in mining areas. Mines pump out water, depleting water supply in the area, while the slurry from run offs during monsoon, fill water bodies.Around 60% (by volume) of the iron ore production in Goa is carried out in terrain below the ground water table and lateral mine development is restricted due to smaller area extension, according to a study in 2009 by R Venkatesan, senior consultant of national council of economic research (NCAER).Says Claude Alvares of Goa Foundation, \"The impact is mostly negative on ground water. And the documentation by Nagpur-based National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI), related to the drying up of Sirigao village due to mining by three companies is a classic example of this impact.\"NEERI which submitted a report to the Bombay high court two years ago in connection with a writ petition had concluded that the deepening of mining pits in the area had caused the loss of recharge area for the dug wells at the foothills of the plateau.Further, the NEERI report stated that the soil analysis showed that the soil fertility in the nearby paddy fields due to run offs from the mining rejects had degraded the soil fertility. Though the report had suggested proper slope stabilization to minimize further impacts, the villagers have said mitigation measures are hardly carried out.Afew mining firms like Sesa Goa have carried out ecological restoration or mitigative measures, but these are hardly anything to talk about, allege activists. Rama Velip, an anti-mining activist, says. \"Sesa has done some work at Sanquelim, but this is just one site, but hardly any other mine owner has carried out such ecological restoration,\" Velip said. The tribal communities and fishermen on the banks of Goa's longest river, Mandovi, alerted the Justice Shah Commission investigating illegal mining regarding the long-term impacts of the iron ore mining.\"The original sandy layer in major river beds has been buried by heavy sediments of ore and other materials and they may produce less and less fish in future,\" Rajendra Kunkolkar, president of Gomantak Adivasi Sanghatna, said.Studies carried out by the national institute of oceanography (NIO) scientists have indicated that what fishermen are saying has a lot of truth. A study on the footprints of shipbuilding yards (building barges for ore transportation) in Zuari river by Baban Ingole found high traces of iron, zinc and lead from samples, including windowpane oysters (Placuna placenta) in Chicalim Bay. But Ingole has said it the pollution may be from a combination of metals from mining, shipping and other industries.Another study by NIO scientist V P Rao has revealed that the rivers of Mandovi and Zuari have been polluted due to a high content of manganese, iron, cobalt and other trace elements, leaching from iron ore dumps on their banks during the monsoon season.According to Rao, copper, chromium, zinc and lead are the other elements, which are also found in high concentrations, but termed the pollution overall as moderate due to the tidal flushing.The extent of the siltation of River Mandovi, due largely to ore run offs, had been indicated in a hydrographic survey carried out by Minor Ports Survey Organization (MPSO) at the request of the captain of ports almost a decade ago.The river has lost its depths in various places along the stretch from its mouth in the city to Old Goa, especially its banks towards Chorao and Ribandar \"The river has become shallow in many places,\" an official said. However, mitigative measures have not been forthcoming and the river continues to lose its depths, activists alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12063512", "title": "16 markets are white elephants for BBMP", "text": "BANGALORE: Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) has woken up the fact that there are 16 white elephants in the city - 16 markets which yield little by way of rental revenue. Traders in these markets pay measly rents, and this is hurting both BBMP and the vendors. While the BBMP is unable to spend on maintenance, the vendors have to make do with bad facilities and also deal with danger, as the Russell Market fire has highlighted.BBMP officials are vexed about what to do - there are 6,800 shops operating in these markets, of which only 3,000 pay rent. Average rents range between Rs 120-380 per month, and traders often default.Senior officials said: \"Traders in almost all markets have been paying low rents or not paying anything at all. Rs 6 crore is due to the corporation.\"Deputy mayor S Harish claimed that most traders were not cooperative. \"To maintain a market, we need revenue. But traders have to be cooperative. Rent from shops in Russell Market ranges from Rs 120-380 per month, a pittance compared to the value of daily transactions there. Many traders have not been paying rent despite being sent notices. The market owes BBMP Rs 5 lakh.\" It appears that BBMP is looking at only rentals for income and has not planned to run its own business to generate income. Astute businessmen and economic experts could give inputs on how civic bodies can run markets profitably.Jolted by the fire, BBMP is mulling making it must for traders to install fire extinguishers in each shop. BBMP commissioner M K Shankarlinge Gowda said all traders would be asked to do so.Asked why Russell Market had no extinguishers, traders said there was no space in the shops. \"If BBMP was proactive, officials should have installed them in the corridors of the market. The accident is a result of sheer negligence by BBMP,\" charged Mohammed Idris Choudhury, general secretary, Russell Market Merchants' Association.But the BBMP commissioner rubbished the argument. \"How much space does it take to fix a fire extinguisher to the wall? It is a must and we will ensure traders in all markets have one.\" An official circular is yet to be released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12064019", "title": "Excise department turns a blind eye to anti-liquor resolutions in Punjab", "text": "PATIALA: As if problems caused by alcoholism in their villages were not enough, the alleged discouraging attitude of the excise and taxation department has multiplied problems of panchayats, 70 of which have passed anti-liquor resolutions. Members of more than 10 village panchayats were called to the excise and taxation department's state headquarters on Monday to list their grievances against liquor vends in their villages. But many returned dissatisfied.Panchayat members of Manmajra from Sangrur district alleged 33-year-old Jagdeep Singh of their village died because of excessive consumption of liquor on February 13 while his father Balwinder Singh had also passed away many years ago due to alcohol ism.Many others have lost their lives due to this scourge in their villages, they added. \"A liquor vend is located near the village school and our girls have been facing problems due to drunkards, who sit on the main road and pass comments. But the excise and taxation commissioner says he cannot close the liquor vend. We will not tolerate it at any cost and move the high court,\" said panchayat member Sukhwinder Singh. Two women panchayat members -- Malkiat Kaur and Gurmeet Kaur -- also alleged that excise and taxation authorities were trying to reject their resolution on flimsy grounds.This year the department had received around 70 anti-liquor resolutions from village panchayats from all over Punjab.Of the 72 resolutions passed last year, the excise and taxation department after much dilly-dallying had just closed liquor shops in 32 villages and shifted 10 outside villages.\"This year we have already decided to knock at the door of Punjab and Haryana high court if the authorities reject any resolution without a valid reason,\" said A S Mann, president of the Scientific Awareness and Social Welfare Forum, who has launched a special campaign against liquor in the state.According to information under Section 40 of the Punjab Panchayati Raj Act, the panchayats have the power to close liquor shops in their villages by passing resolutions.In 2009, 45 panchayats of various villages had filed anti-liquor resolutions and excise authorities had accepted only around 23, in 2010 the number went to 72 and 42 villages got rid of liquor shops, while in 2011 around 70 villages had passed such requests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12068476", "title": "Education minister slams universities, colleges for 'lethargic' approach to innovation", "text": "CHENNAI: Higher education minister P Palaniappan criticised educational institutions for their lack of research culture on campus and asked universities and colleges to wake up from their state of mediocrity.Addressing academics and students at the National Science Day celebrations at the University of Madras on Tuesday, he said, \"Government efforts may go futile if educational institutions are lethargic to innovation.\"He said that the policy note on higher education proposes to equip laboratories in colleges and universities to match world standards: \"But, irrespective of the government's commitment to this cause and allocation of funds, educational institutions and other stakeholders should be able to work out the details for implementation.\" While private players like Motorola and GE have created world class technology hubs in the country, our own institutions - whether private or public - have been unable to do so, he added.Quoting chief of the Scientific Advisory Council C N R Rao, Palaniappan said that money is no longer an issue in Indian science. Now professors and researchers are paid decent salaries. What we need is strong research centres, led by scientists of eminence. We must ensure that mediocrity is thoroughly removed from all spheres of life and the youth must have a sense of purpose and pride in working with great minds, he said.We need a new generation of creative scientists. For that we need an environment conducive to research. Our academic institutions must have well equipped laboratories and academics who have proven capacity to attract youth to science, the minister said. \"Unfortunately, many of our universities lack research culture. Unless there is good research, effective teaching is not possible and vice versa. All our institutions of higher learning should transform into research-cum-teaching hubs,\" he added.This can be achieved by the presence of a number of renowned research-oriented teachers on campus to attract bright students. Such a research environment will provide credibility to university departments and, in turn, bring in funds from industries and R&D; laboratories for research projects. He stressed the importance of academic leadership, like vice-chancellors who are intellectuals themselves, without which universities will remain barren and mediocre.To attract the best minds to science at the postgraduate and doctoral levels, the minister suggested introducing an exclusive science cadre to facilitate a career in well known scientific laboratories and universities. This may help in reversing the present trend of taking up engineering , medicine or management programmes after Class 12, he added.Governor K Rosaiah said that research in basic sciences and technology should be strengthened, and that the celebration of a National Science Day signifies the role of institutions to encourage and motivate young students to take to research and develop in them a flair for innovation.The governor distributed awards to student inventors, and heads of various departments for coming up with projects that drew funding from the department of science and technology and the University Grants Commission. The event was organised by the Dr ALM Centre for Basic Sciences and Development at the University of Madras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066755", "title": "Glowing tributes to martyr Chandra Shekhar Azad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Glowing tributes were paid to great freedom fighter Chandra Shekhar Azad on his martyrdom day on Monday. People remembered the sacrifice of this valiant son of the country and offered floral tributes. Activists of Jai Hind Foundation reached Shaheed Sthal and offered floral tributes at the statue of the martyr at Chandra Shekhar Azad Park. Some of the volunteers holding torches in the hands raised slogans like 'Jai Hind, Jai Hind'.The convener of Jai Hind Foundation elaborated on the life history of Chandra Shekhar Azad and urged the people that they should take lesson of patriotism from the great son of India. He exhorted the youth to work sincerely for making India strong and powerful.Later, they raised slogans 'Amar shaheedon ki qurbani, yaad kare har Hindustani' and 'Tumhe bhula kar hum zinda hain, shaheedon hum sharminda hain'. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12062938", "title": "Man suffers heart attack on train, dies", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A 64-year-old cloth merchant from Nerul, Naval Kapoor, suffered a heart attack while travelling on a CST-bound train from Nerul on Monday afternoon. Despite concerted effort of his fellow passengers, Kapoor subsequently died allegedly due to a delay on the part of the railway staff to call the emergency ambulance service.An eyewitness at Vashi station, Nagmani Pandey, told TOI: \"The train was forcibly halted at Vashi at 1.35 pm, but Kapoor was left lying in the coach for the next 15 minutes. At 1.50pm, the unconscious patient was placed on a stretcher and carried to platform 4.\" Pandey added that though the commuters had informed the Vashi station master's about it at 1.35pm, the railway staff took more than 15 minutes to call the ambulance service.\"By 1.55pm, I, along with some other passengers, picked up the stretcher to take Kapoor to Vashi municipal hospital. Just as we stepped out of the station, the patient's family members also arrived. An ambulance arrived only a little after 2pm,\" said Pandey. As he was being ferried to hospital, Kapoor died.While Vashi station master Harishchandra Jagtap was unavailable for comment, a junior railway official denied any delay on their part. \"We were told about the heart patient at 1.35pm; we immediately called for an ambulance, which arrived by 1.45pm,\" said the Vashi official. But when TOI contacted the Vashi ambulance service, its operator, Atul Gaikwad, said: \"My mobile record shows that I received a call from the Vashi station manager at 1.55 pm. An ambulance reached there in 10 minutes, as there was heavy traffic.\"As Kapoor's family members waited outside the morgue, one of his relatives, Sudhir Sikka, said, \"We are shocked. People told us that there was a crucial delay at the Vashi station, which is unpardonable.\" Kapoor, who worked in a textile unit at Kapada Bazaar in south Mumbai, is survived by his wife, daughter Raashi (26) and son Rohan (24).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12063913", "title": "RTI reveals inter-ward transfer of voters names", "text": "NASHIK: Transfer of as many as 500 electors from ward 29 to ward 27, witout any objections , has come to light through a Right To Information (RTI) application, filed with the Nashik Municipal Corporation, by Pankaj Rahane, NCP's unit president for Ward 29. Alleging that the transfer was the handiwork of officers, Rahane who is also a the resident of the ward has decided to file a writ petition in the High Court.Officials responsible for handling the electoral list are reportedly trying to dodge the issue.According to information sought via the RTI by Rhane, there are either no objections to the names included in the wards, or wherever there were objections, sufficient proof has not been provided justifying the transfer of names to the other ward.Ward 29 includes areas near Gadge Maharaj Dharmashala, Shirish Kumar Chowk, Patel building and Kazi Gadhi among others. \"The names of the residents in the area were in the primary list that the NMC displayed. We objected to the names that fell in our wards but actually belonged to either ward 28 or ward 27. All of a sudden when the final list was declared we were surprised to see the names of at least 800 voters shifted to the adjoining area of ward 29,\" Rahane said.\"We were shocked to see these names included in other wards. This was the core area of the ward and our corporator Vinayak (Nayya) Khaire had done a good job here. He knew each family by name,\" he added.The RTI has revealed that there were no objections to the names being transferred, even with the reference to the legislative assembly electoral roll. Of those few whose names were objected to, the verification team failed to provide concrete proof to show that the voters were not residents of ward 29. \"We objected to names from ward 27 which had been included here. We presented proof required and got the things corrected. This has not happened with the other names that were transferred out of Ward 29,\" Rahane said.Khaire, alleged that authorities had deliberately committed the act. Officials responsible for changes in the electoral roll said ,\"What we have done has been reflected in the papers given through the RTI application. The work of listing is handled by the election branch\".The election branch said they had no idea about the names being added or deleted without any reference. \"This ward-wise list is derived from the assembly list prepared by the collectorate. The responsibility of shifting of names was handled by divisional offices,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bandarupalle (guntur)", "code": "12063169", "title": "Kids skip school to pick chilli for a few bucks in Guntur", "text": "BANDARUPALLE (GUNTUR): On a huge farm in Bandarupalle, one could find eleven-year-old Lakshmi Tirupathamma busy picking chillies along with other villagers. One might wonder what an 11-year-old girl was doing in the fields on a hot day? Ask Tirupathamma and she will tell you that she needs to work to lessen the burden on her mother, a farm labourer struggling to make both ends meet.A class V student at the ZP High School in the temple town of Mantralayam in Kurnool district, Tirupathamma has come all the way to this village, 20 km from Guntur, to earn some money. But how much? \"They (contractors) pay us Rs 70-80 per day for picking chillies,\" she says.For a period of 35-40 days, Tirupathamma, along with thousands of children from Kurnool, Anantapur, Prakasam and Chittoor districts, do back-breaking work in the chilli fields in the blistering heat. Too busy to worry about missing her exams, however, she claims that she can go back in time for exams.Twelve-year-old Munaiah is one among a group of six children who skipped school for the farm work in Guntur. His father has bagged the contract to complete the job of chilli picking over 10 acres in 30 days. He gathered five of his friends from the Dalitwada near Nandyal and now they work under the guidance of his father. \"It is okay since the work fetches us money. Studies can wait,\" the class VI student says.Children in the age group 8-14 years working away in the fields in Guntur district's Palnadu region is a common sight now with the chilli season at its peak. It is estimated that over 10,000 children from poor families have arrived here to work at the fields.Naturally, labour department officials are worried that such a large number of children will be slogging on the fields at a time when they should be spending time with books at the end of the academic year.Agricultural labourers migrating in search of work is nothing new but children joining their ranks has set alarm bells ringing for officials. \"We have been able to convince neither parents nor children. The children stand to lose a precious academic year with annual exams around the corner,\" deputy commissioner of labour, Shaik Yusuf told TOI.While heads of family claim that they are forced to bring their children to work as they cannot afford to leave them back home, the children say that they are dragged to the fields against their wishes.Rich farmers would refuse to put children to work but are no longer moved by any such scruples given the attractive economy of hiring underage labourers. \"It is difficult for us to get labourers locally, especially after the implementation of the MGNREGS. As chilli prices are dipping fast, we want the crop to be cut at the earliest. These children do come in handy,\" explained Mandava Seetharamaiah, a farmer in Pedakurapadu.The practice of engaging child labourers on a contract basis began in the Palnadu region some years back. A rich farmer, who did not want to be named, told TOI that he had farmed out the chilli picking contract to a team of workers from Anantapur at the rate of Rs 1.3 lakh for 10 acres. \"The condition is that the work should be completed within 20 days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12063654", "title": "Japan keen on Indian students", "text": "BANGALORE: All of 100,000 Chinese students in Japan, but less than 600 Indian students there. Against the 1,000-odd Chinese students at the University of Tokyo, just 35 are from India. But around 1 lakh Indian students are in the US every year.Clearly, the number of Indian students to Japan is nothing when compared to China. This explains why the University of Tokyo has decided to set shop in India and open doors, via the varsity, to the whole of Japan. On Monday, the university's India office was launched on MG Road.The office was inaugurated by Prof Akihiko Tanaka, university vice-president, in the presence of Infosys chairman emeritus NR Narayana Murthy who has been made member of the president's council of the university. Also present was Japan minister for education, culture, sports &amp; science and technology.\"The university hopes to create awareness on opportunities available at Tokyo University, as well as 13 other Japanese universities. We would like to see an increase in the number of applications from India. Bangalore office will also act as the liaison office for the 13 other universities and the 'G30 Study in Japan' initiative by the Japan government,\" said Tanaka.\"Under the G30 initiative, core universities have been identified which offer programs in English, both at undergraduate and graduate levels. We are focused on attracting Indian students to look at Japan as an education destination,\" said Tanaka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12062691", "title": "Duo create national records in cube contest", "text": "Trichy: A 11th standard student of Trichy's Montfort School and a second year engineering student of NIT-K Suratkal earned laurels by created five of the six national records (four in the average and two in single solving) in the cube solving open competition on the concluding day of the 8th edition of the National Institute of Technology, Trichy's Pragyan-2012 a techno-management event.The mind-boggling game of cube which calls for a sharp analytical mind coupled with the dexterity of fingers was played out in eight disciplines: 2X2, 3X3, 3X3 OH (one hand) 3X3 blindfolded, 4X4, 5X5, Pyraminx (pyramid-shaped cube having only four sides and six edges) and Square-1.Fifteen-year-old Bernett Orlando of Montfort School solved the 3X3 cube scramble in a record 12.04 seconds. Interestingly, Bernett had created a national record in the same discipline first at IIT-Chennai last year by solving the cube in 13.48 seconds. But the record was broken by Prashant, a student of Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute, Mumbai on February 4 this year, as he solved the cube in 12.54 seconds. Bernett created another national record by solving the 3X3 cube single solving in 10.27 seconds as against the existing record of 10.84 seconds.In the 2X2 cube solving competition, Manasij Venkatesh from NIT-K Suratkal clocked it in a record 4.17 seconds beating the current national record that was achieved in 4.18 seconds. Manasij also bagged the 3X3 cube blindfolded competition by solving it in one minute 49 seconds, a new national record. Manasij told TOI that he had improved a lot since he had solved the same game in one minute 54 seconds last October at an event in his own college.It was a heartbreaking scene to witness T S K Rakshitha, a third-standard student of Montfort School, Trichy who holds the record for being youngest in the world to solve the 3X3 cube blindfolded, sadly lose out to Manasij. Rakshitha could not solve it in time and started crying in the first round itself, much to the puzzlement of her parents who were present. In the best of five events, the best and worst results of an individual are left out, and an average of the remaining three is taken into account to declare the winner.The Pyraminx cube solving was bagged by Swaminathan Chandrasekharan, a second year student of MIT-Chrompet who won the game for the first time. Swaminathan told TOI that he learnt the intricacies of the game from his mentor Bhargav Narasimhan of Vels University, Pallavaram who himself created a national record by clocking the 3X3 OH (one hand) competition by an average of 23.06 seconds. Meanwhile, Manasij had created another national record in the single solving event of the same 3X3 OH by clocking a single in 17.71 seconds.Bernett Orlando who had been the world champion from 2007 to 2010 did not participate in the 2011 event as he concentrated on his 10th board exams. He also won the 4X4 and 5X5, and Square-1 disciplines and became the all round star of the event having won five games and creating two national records.Bernett's father John Louis, the only Indian delegate for the World Cube Association told TOI that winning a cube competition gave the students a sense of confidence, gave them a creative bend of mind and weaned them away from the soaps of the idiot box.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12064013", "title": "Decomposed body of woman found", "text": "JAIPUR: A mutilated body of a woman, aged around thirty five year, was found in the bushes behind Durgapura railway station on Monday morning. The body was almost decomposed and the face of the deceased sustained serious burn injuries.People, who had gone to attend nature's call in the area, were taken aback finding a half naked dead body of a woman. A police team equipped with dog squad and experts from the forensic science laboratory (FSL) reached the spot and took the body in their possession.The police said that in order to dump the body the assailants must have thrown it in isolated place behind the railway station and had hidden the body under the dry grass.\"Until the body is not identified it would be difficult to solve this case. We are awaiting the post mortem report to understand the case further,\" said BL Soni, commissioner of police.The police have registered a case of murder and initiated investigations.\"The face has grave burn injuries. Prima facie it appears that the assailants had put some inflammable material on her face to hide her identity. The body is almost decomposed and it is difficult to identify her,\" said a senior police officer of Bajaj Nagar police station.In order to identify the woman the police have decided to undertake tallying various missing persons reports of recent past of police stations in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12066426", "title": "Partial impact of trade unions' strike in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The nation-wide strike called by trade unions on Tuesday to protest \"anti-labour\" policies of the government, rising prices and disinvestment of PSUs, had a partial impact in the country's commercial capital, with only financial institutions getting affected.Barring banking and insurance sector, which have a large presence of trade unions, normal life was unaffected in the metropolis with all essential services especially public transport functioning as usual.\"The shutdown in the banking and financial sector has been complete. The RBI's clearing houses are shut. So the private and foreign banks where we do not a have a presence, also get affected,\" general secretary of All India Bank Employees Association, Vishwas Utagi claimed.Services at both the city airports was smooth inspite of the strike call by 11 trade unions.They are expected to demonstrate at South Mumbai's Azad Maidan later in the day as part of the strike. The unions are demanding no contractorisation of work -- permanent or perennial nature, amendment of Minimum Wages Act, assured pension for all and compulsory registration of trade union among others.The government had last week appealed to the trade unions to desist from going on strike with labour minister Mallikarjun Kharge saying they were ready to discuss any kind of labour-related issues but union leaders rejected it stating that the government had enough opportunity earlier to sit with them and discuss the issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12067286", "title": "Workshop on speech, hearing from today", "text": "MYSORE: The department of special education attached to All-India Institute of Speech and Hearing here will conduct a two-day workshop on 'Facilitating early intervention in natural environment for children with hearing impairment' and 'Educational management of children with autism spectrum disorder' at its campus from Tuesday. The workshop is aimed at helping children with special needs like hearing impairment and autism spectrum disorder in their educational endeavour. Teachers, special educators and caregivers need to be enriched with knowledge about importance of early intervention and educational management of children with communication disorder.An essential way to empower teachers and caregivers is through providing them with information of utilizing the natural environment for developing better communication skills and techniques for educational management will be discussed in the workshop. The factors to be considered while evaluating and grouping these children will be highlighted in the programme.In addition, behaviour management techniques for children with autism spectrum disorder will also be addressed.Theoretical information and practical demonstration on appropriate management techniques and teaching methods will be provided, said AIISH PRO A R Keerthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12062866", "title": "As city expands, the need for development authority is urgent", "text": "COIMBATORE: Despite being the second largest city in Tamil Nadu and a nationally important hub for economic activity, the city still lacks a development authority on the lines of Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority. The need for such an authority is more urgent now as the city has expanded considerably. The long pending demand for a Coimbatore Development Authority still remains only on paper.Agencies representing both trade and industry blame the inability of the city to attract large-scale industrial investment in recent years, for the absence of such an authority. Those trying to invest here are discouraged by the delays in approvals and lack of adequate facilities. Such an authority will ensure planned growth of Coimbatore and its surroundings,'' says M Krishnan, president of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Coimbatore. Investors would have to look at Coimbatore when Chennai becomes saturated with growth. Several industries were reluctant to invest in Coimbatore as their employees may not be able to find affordable housing, decent schools and entertainment options that match their expectations. Such development takes time. But we need to create a system that will facilitate this development,\" he said.According to Ravi Sam of CII, such an authority is inevitable as it would substantially reduce the time taken to grant building plan approvals. With faster approvals, development would also be on a fast track,\" he says.Agencies have already urged the government to include it in the Twelfth Five Year Plan. \"It has been a long pending demand of the people,\" said R R Balasundram, vice president of the Chamber. However with limited resources and power entrusted with the local planning authority that is short-staffed, the execution of proposed plans has taken a back-seat, he said. \"Development is taking place in a haphazard way. The planning authority seems to be blind to illegal constructions. If a development authority is in place, regulation and execution will be much easier,\" he pointed out.\"The plan to have such a government body was recommended by Justice Mohan Committee. When you look at the sustainable growth that Chennai has achieved, the role of the CMDA has been commendable,\" said K Kathirmathiyon, secretary, Coimbatore Consumer Cause.\"The corporation cannot handle the challenges posed by rapid expansion by itself,\" said M Kandhaswami, president of Coimbatore District Small Industries Association. \"Many projects have been stalled due to improper implementation and with the growth there is a need for an independent authority to take care of systematic development,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12064842", "title": "Decision not by Centre, but by NDC: Pranab", "text": "PANAJI: Throwing cold water on Goa's persistent demand for special status, Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said it is not the central government that decides on special category status to states but the national development council (NDC) which comprises chief ministers of all Indian states and the central cabinet.As of now, NDC has decided that no new states will be added to the existing list of states enjoying special category status. Mukherjee made the revelation at a media briefing while on a campaign visit to Goa. He was asked why the Centre was not responding to Goa's request for special status despite the state legislative assembly passing a unanimous resolution to that effect and despite the demand of Goa Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik in Delhi. The Union finance minister, however, said central assistance to Goa had jumped steeply keeping in view the special requirements of the state.On February 25, Gandhi returned to Goa to campaign for the party for the assembly elections but made no mention of special status. The issue also does not figure on the Congress' election manifesto. Matanhy Saldanha, who is leading Goa's movement for special status, recently joined BJP and is contesting on the party ticket. On February 20, BJP released its election manifesto which made no mention of special status for Goa. Asked about it then, Saldanha had said, \"The BJP high command has already approved the demand for special status.\"Goa was liberated from Portuguese rule on December 19, 1961. It was given status of union territory till 1987 after which it was granted statehood. Migration of people from other parts of India as well as the craze for land and second homes in Goa has seen rising opposition from Goans to protect land and identity. Those demanding special status have also pointed to India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru's assurance on this issue before and after liberation.Ironically, it was BJP MLA Francis D'Souza, along with Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, who moved a motion in the legislative assembly on August 30, 2008, seeking special status, \"on the lines of special status granted to states of Mizoram, Himachal Pradesh and Uttaranchal under Article 371 of the Constitution of India, for regulating ownership and transfer of land especially with respect to sale of land to non-residents/foreigners...\" The Goa legislative assembly then passed a unanimous resolution asking the state government take up the issue with the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12063206", "title": "Give status report on liquor probe within 3 weeks: HC", "text": "HYDERABAD: Responding to a public interest petition that wanted the AP High Court to monitor the ongoing ACB probe into the activities of the liquor syndicate in the state, the A P High Court on Monday admitted the petition and sought a status report from the ACB within 3 weeks on the outcome of its probe so far.The division bench comprising chief justice Madan B Lokur and justice P V Sanjay Kumar made this interim order while hearing the petition filed by O M Debara of Forum for Better Hyderbad who raised serious doubts about the current probe reaching its logical conclusion. Liquor syndicates are thriving in the state by bribing politicians, police and excise officials and are running a liquor raj in the state without following any norms pertaining to the Excise Act like maximum retail price, belt shops, counter sales, timings for sale of liquor and even adulteration etc. An amount of Rs 500 crore is being paid annually as bribes to all influential sections in the society to ignore these violations, the petitioner said.The moment the names of the public representatives and ministers came out as recipients of the bribes from the liquor syndicate, the investigations have slowed down and ACB officials are being threatened, Debara said in his petition. Moreover, these public servants are armed with a state government memo issued in 1999 that prevents ACB from probing into the affairs of legislators, he said. As many as 450 requests of the ACB to prosecute corrupt public servants from 2003 to 2011 were turned down by the state government, the petitioner contended. Adding to this is the internal bickering in the state government with one minister trying to outsmart the other. Due to these factors, we cannot expect the ACB officials to take forward the probe into liquor mafia in the right direction, the petitioner said. ACB's track record so far is poor and it could not instill any sense of confidence in the minds of people that it can deal with corruption in high places, he said. Unless the ACB is freed from the current clutches in which it is locked now and given functional freedom to go ahead without fear, we cannot expect better results, he said.Gandra Mohan Rao, counsel for the petitioner, urged the court to quash the government memo that is protecting the corrupt politicians. Saying that it would first have a look at the outcome of the ACB probe into the liquor syndicate so far, the bench called for a status report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12063607", "title": "Homemaker murdered", "text": "BANGALORE: A 42-year-old homemaker was smashed to death by unidentified men in her house in Ramamurthynagar on Monday. Victim Nirmala Bhaskar died instantly after the assailants attacked her with iron rod and wooden logs, police said.Nirmala's 73-year-old mother was in the bathroom when the murder took place around 1.30pm. The assailants took away a gold chain weighing 35 grams from the victim. However, police suspect the murder is not for gain. \"We suspect the hands of family member behind the act. Gold chain might have been robbed to misguide us,\" police said.Police said Nirmala was not in good terms with her husband Bhaskar, a plumber. \"They often fought with each other. The couple has a married daughter and nine-year-old son,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12064847", "title": "Polling at five seats in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The fate of about 70 candidates will be decided as five constituencies in Ghaziabad district go to polls on Tuesday in the sixth phase of the Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections. The contest is likely to be four-cornered in almost all constituencies, with a host of Independents in the fray. These seats in western UP are crucial for the Congress-Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) alliance.District administration officials said adequate arrangements had been made for smooth and peaceful polling at 1,907 booths - about 1,400 of these are located in urban areas . Eight flying squads and 22 permanent surveillance teams have been deployed. ''We have enough police force at polling stations and, particularly, at sensitive booths. We also have back-up forces at all crucial police stations,\" said a senior police officer. Sahibabad has the maximum number of polling booths at 602 while Modinagar has the lowest with 265 booths.Records show that the number of voters has increased by 16.38% at Sahibabad. ''Migrants and new voters would play a crucial role. It's no different in other seats. You have an almost 10% increase in the numbers across the constituencies ,\" said a senior district administration official overseeing the poll preparation.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12063997", "title": "Gujarat repeals controversial trusts law", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Eleven months after it was passed, the Gujarat state assembly on Monday unanimously repealed the controversial public trusts law, which had met with stiff resistance from religious leaders, non-government organizations (NGOs), the Sangh Parivar and the Opposition Congress.Moving the Gujarat Public Trusts (Repeal) Bill, 2002, state law minister Dilip Sanghani told the House , \"The state government received representations from the charitable and religious public trusts as well as from the general public against some of the provisions of the Act of 2011.\" Hence, the state government considered it necessary to repeal it.Opposition leader Shaktisinh Gohil said when the 2011 bill was sought to be passed, the Congress, especially senior legislators Arjun Modhwadia and Babubhai Meghji Shah, had warned that the bill was trying to give draconian powers to the government for controlling public trusts and NGOs.\"We had also said that this was happening at a time when the government did not want to put control over land sharks who were cornering huge tracts of lands for speculative purposes,\" he said.Gohil further argued that in an election year, the Modi government found it inconvenient face opposition from the Dwarka Shankaracharya, Jain gurus and religious trusts. It saw the red flag and therefore was forced to take back the 2011 bill, he said.BJP legislator from Ellisbridge in Ahmedabad, Rakesh Shah, defending the government move, said, \"The very fact that the state government decided to repeal it suggests we stand for dialogue and wish to be corrected if we are wrong.\"With the trusts law repealed, the state's 1.96 lakh public trusts - fearing the government's intention to exercise financial and administrative control over them - will get relief. The Bill was approved by Gujarat governor Dr Kamla in June last year, but was never implemented as the government did not work out the rules necessary to put it into force.Earlier, a high-level Cabinet sub-committee, under senior minister Vajubhai Vala, \"studied\" different representations and recommended to the government that it be dropped.Among those opposing the Bill were state Congress president Arjun Modhwadia, Vishwa Hindu Parishad's Pravin Togadia, danseuse Mallika Sarabhai and Sankaracharya Swaroopanand Saraswati, apart from NGOs, and social and religious organisations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mathura/agra/sambhal", "code": "12065076", "title": "UP polls: A new assertion in western UP", "text": "MATHURA/AGRA/SAMBHAL: In western Uttar Pradesh, Mayawati's Jatav voters are neither invisible nor silent. They butt into conversations, flaunt their caste like a badge of honour and swear allegiance to her election symbol , the elephant. Their confidence is stunning and their enthusiasm infectious. If Mayawati's five-year rule has given them something, it's a sense of empowerment and an identity that's no longer a social burden. In UP 2012, the Jatavs overwhelmingly believe that they have arrived. A group of young boys loitering in a narrow lane in Fatehpur Sikri's Rungkata village symbolize the transformation . Cocky, brash and self-assured , these Jatav teenagers have none of the subservience of previous generations . Omvir (18), plonks himself down on a chair in Thakur Netrapal Singh's tiny shop of ayurvedic medicines . Singh has just launched into a tirade against Mayawati's non-performing government.\"I don't care what she hasn't done,'' Omvir interrupts boldly. \"I'm going to vote for the BSP. It's my party.'' Singh looks taken aback at the temerity of this chit of a boy but doesn't retaliate. \"It's vote bank politics,'' he explains with a knowing look. Omvir gives a cheeky smile before running off to join his friends. The exchange between the historical oppressor and the oppressed is illuminating . It opens a window to the changing social landscape in this belt and explains why Mayawati remains a formidable force despite the controversies that rocked her turbulent years as chief minister. It also blows apart the prevailing myth about the \"youth factor'' in the ongoing elections. For Omvir, the harbinger of change is not Rahul Gandhi and the Congress. It's Mayawati .Her rally in Mathura was overflowing with young boys and girls, many of them little more than high school students . In 2007, she attracted a middle generation of timid believers emboldened by the blessings the Brahmins gave the BSP at that time. Five years later, she's pulling in a younger, assertive lot who dare to dream big.Their numbers explain, at least partially, the zooming turnout this time. Zealous BSP workers have enrolled all these youngsters as voters during the Election Commission's periodic drives to update the electoral rolls. According to one estimate, it has boosted the party's base by 10,000-12 ,000 votes in every constituency. And they turn up in full strength on polling day with all the enthusiasm of the first-time voter.This is Mayawati's vanguard in western UP for these elections, aggressive and vocal . There is always the danger that they could upset the applecart for her by polarising an anti-Jatav sentiment. On the other hand, they could suck in floating votes with their energy and fervour. But for many, the issue is not the difference between victory and defeat. \"We used to walk with our heads bent. Now we walk with our heads held high. That's what matters,'' said young housewife Anjana, brandishing her faux leather handbag as a sign of success.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12064354", "title": "Parents still nervous over school bus safety", "text": "NAGPUR: On Saturday evening when a school bus turned turtle on Wardha Road, passersby rushed in fearing students may be trapped inside. Fortunately, the bus was not ferrying any students and a major disaster was averted. Parents in Nagpur, however, are worried about safety of their kids as these 'close calls' have been becoming common.On Thursday morning, a school bus carrying about 40 students hit a rashly driven motorcycle at Pachpaoli flyover.The kids were safe and injuries to the motorcyclist were minor, but the ruckus that ensued with passersby held up the bus for almost half an hour. Incidents like these occur everyday as hundreds of school buses ply in the city. Since the incidents are minor they are never reported to the police and are hardly talked about.A parent whose child was in the bus on Pachpaoli flyover said rash driving by bus drivers was common.Not wishing to be named, he said, \"The bus leaves my house in Golibar Chowk at 8.20am and has to reach Ashti by 9am after making stops at regular intervals. The driver has no option but to speed to make up for the time because students cannot reach late to school. If bus had tripped over the flyover it could have been fatal. When we raise these issues at parent-teacher meet we are blamed for being too finicky and making a mountain out of a molehill.\"An overwhelming majority of the buses do not have speed governors that the Regional Transport Office had mandated. The bus owners association defends itself by saying that the lack of traffic rules in the country were an obstacle to their effort to provide safe transport for children.Santosh Jog, president of Nagpur School Bus Owners Association (NSBOA), said, \"Safety of children is our priority on which we will never compromise. The traffic in our city is bad and people hardly respect a school bus on the road.In the US, everyone stops and give right-of-way to a school bus. In Nagpur, people overtake school buses dangerous or come from the wrong side even as students are getting off. We need to have strong rules to deter citizens from driving rashly near a school bus.\"He added that every week his members briefed their drivers on safety and were hopeful that things would get better.The association was also in consultation with the RTO for installing speed governors on all buses. That gadget will alert the fleet owner in case the speed goes above 60km/hr. \"Talks are on with the RTO and we are hopeful of reaching a consensus soon on about 7-8 points,\" said Jog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12063342", "title": "Mamata calls strike \u2018retrograde politics\u2019, threatens action", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee was in a combative mood on Monday, calling bandhs and strikes \"retrograde politics\", as CPM's trade union wing Citu feared law and order problems because of the government's \"aggressive posture\".\"The government cannot support bandhs. Whatever is needed will be done. One can't attend office with party badges,\" the CM said. \"What have bandhs yielded? If CPM had actually worked for 35 years instead of resorting to strikes and bandhs, Bengal would have reaped gold. The treasury wouldn't be empty. Strikes and bandhs are expressions of frustration and they serve only vested interests. Any trouble tomorrow will vest with them (read CPM),\" she said.The Left was quick to seize on it. \"The way the government is taking an adamant stand in opposing the strike, we apprehend that peace may be disturbed in the state tomorrow,\" Citu leader Kali Ghosh said. \"The government is trying to create an atmosphere of fear psychosis in the minds of its employees.\"Trade unions across the country called a strike on February 28 protesting the rising prices, disinvestment of profit-making PSUs and violation of labour laws. Apart from the unions affiliated to the Left parties, those backed by BJP, Shiv Sena and also Congress and its ally IUML have come out against the Centre.The CM is using all possible means - administrative and political - to prevent the central trade unions and the Left from bringing the state to a halt. She repeated the warning of disciplinary action, including a break in service, if government employees stay away on Tuesday. She appealed to \"all concerned\" to keep the state normal. But her partymen at the grassroots went about warning floor-level employees, shopkeepers and transport workers with dire consequences if they supported the strike.\"Trinamool Congress will not take to the streets tomorrow to counter strike. They will merely inform police of any trouble. I will appeal to the people to attend office as usual as steps have been taken to run trains, trams, buses,\" she told a TV channel. Shops will also be open, she added.\"Processions can be taken out in support of the bandh as it is a democratic right. But the processions will not be allowed to block traffic. They must move along one side of the roads,\" the CM said.Her words marked a role reversal of sorts. While former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee recently apologised to his party comrades for speaking out against strikes when in government, Mamata, now in power, has changed her stance from the stormy days of Singur and Nandigram when she called several bandhs. \"Earlier, we did call bandhs once or twice a year. We had made mistakes by resorting to these bandhs, but we rectified ourselves. People will forgive us for it. By restoring to such acts, issues can never be successfully opposed. It only gives fillip to political parties and their workers,\" the CM said.Mamata delved into the economics of a shutdown. \"A man-day loss means a huge financial setback. While our state's earning (from tax collection) is Rs 21,000 crore, we have been paying interest to the Centre to the tune of Rs 22,000 crore on the outstanding debt of Rs 2 lakh crore. Where is the money to even pay salaries, pension and embark welfare activities? How will the government run?\" the CM said.She warned that bandh enforcers would face police action. \"No trouble will take place. The police will act in a manner (against rowdism) that will serve as a deterrent. It is not anyone's right to stop Bengal. Please don't play with fire. The government is with the people,\" the CM said.Mamata questioned the CPM's rationale of joining ranks with 11 trade unions - including BJP and Congress - for the strike. \"We are the ones who are following the progressive Left ideals, not CPM. They've (read CPM) have been calling for such bandhs in their lifetime, this is their only weapon now. They rob people of their livelihood (for a day) and spend crores for a Brigade rally,\" the CM said.Leader of Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra said, \"How can a government refuse leave to an employee if he asks for it? It is absurd and beyond rules. It can't tantamount to break in service. It is unconstitutional. The state is forcibly trying to foil the bandh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12064258", "title": "Shiv Raj Puri bail rejected by sessions court in city", "text": "GURGAON: A bail application by the alleged kingpin of the multi-crore Citibank scam, Shiv Raj Puri, was rejected by the sessions court on Monday. Puri moved his bail plea after completing a year and four months in judicial custody. His earlier bail plea was rejected on February 6 by the lower court.With the sessions court order, Puri will not be able to apply for bail in Gurgaon, because the session court is the highest court at the district level. After his bail plea was dismissed on February 6 in the court of the first class judicial magistrate, Puri had applied for regular bail in the sessions court.In the court of the Additional Sessions Judge, Vimal Kumar, Puri's counsel demanded bail for Shivraj on the basis of the way the 2G spectrum scam case played out. Puri's counsel drew a parallel with the 2G scandal case, saying in court that Shiv Raj was in judicial custody for the past 16 months and hence should be given bail. But the Citibank counsel, Harish Malhotra, opposed it saying that the same argument was presented earlier in the trial court and it didn't hold water. The two cases are very different, what with the Citibank scam being a very big one in banking history, Malhotra said. The court dismissed Puri's bail plea on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067491", "title": "Ali Zafar and Aditi Rao turn love gurus", "text": "The young and talented actors, Ali Zafar and Aditi Rao chose \" Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein\" as the platform to promote their upcoming movie \"London, Paris, New York\".The jodi will be seen playing a cameo in the serial where they will try and get Lovely (Ragini Nandwani) and Kartik (Mukul Harish) closer as a couple. Lovely and Kartik have still not consummated their relationship. Aditi and Ali Zafar's role will be to rekindle the love between Lovely-Kartik and ignite the passion in their lives.Ali Zafar will be seen making a dramatic entry in the show by stopping Kartik while he is running after Lovely trying to appease her. A flummoxed Ali asks Kartik to take it easy and introduces himself as a love-guru who has come to help him to win back the love of his life. Ali says, \"It's not an easy job wooing the girl you love, but I am here to help you my friend.\" A nervous Kartik says that he is ready to do anything to get the love of his life, Lovely back. Ali gives Kartik an idea a la the Hindi classic movie Padosan style . Kartik is seen singing for Lovely with the rest of the family joining in...Does this cheer up Lovely? Just in time when a smile is about to beam on Lovely's face, Aditi Rao comes from behind and whispers something in her ears. Aditi takes Lovely behind the curtains and it's revealed that its Ali Zafar who is singing whereas Kartik is just lip syncing.Hell breaks loose but instead of Lovely getting mad at Kartik, Ali loses his cool with Aditi. He says, \"What did you just do... we were here to bring Lovely and Kartik closer and because of your stupidity, you have widened the gap between them.\" Lovely and Kartik forget their own differences amidst this chaos and stop Aditi and Ali from fighting. At the end, Ali and Aditi see Lovely and Kartik sharing a joke and smiling at each other. They leave with a big satisfied smile on their faces and wishing them all the very best for a blissful and happy married life. Mukul said, \"It was a great experience shooting with Ali and Aditi. They are both chilled out and unassuming to the core...the sets became even more lively and it was a fun experience with them...Do Lovely &amp; Kartik get close?...Aah..watch the show!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12067079", "title": "Pan Indian Medical Students\u2019 Assn formed", "text": "MANGALORE: The idea of medical students from different parts of the country, who wanted to provide a common platform to students from every medical institution of the country, has translated into a pan Indian association -- The Indian Medical Students' Association (IMSA).Registered as an NGO a fortnight ago, the IMSA, headquartered in Kolkata, is headed by Manish Chandra Prabhakar, an intern at Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (Wardha, Maharashtra). Currently, the association has 65 board members in the executive committee. It started a low-profile campaign for membership on Facebook on January 31. It has 1,800 members now.Prabhakar told TOI that the core group of IMSA comprises a group of colleagues or fellow medicos who met at some medical students' or research conferences or online gradually went ahead to be befriend one another.\"Initially, we started 'International Medical Journal of Students' Research' (IMJSR), an online journal. It became a huge hit as it broke barriers that prevented sharing of ideas among the medicos. Then we felt the need for an organization which could integrate efforts and achieve the common goal of providing medicos a common identity,\" Prabhakar said.Edmond Fernandes, IMSA's internal and external affairs officer and a student of Fr Muller's Medical College here, said: \"IMSA will attempt to impart knowledge to students about how to plan their future by helping them to reshape their vision and perspectives of life and their goals. Medical education, being a challenging field, drives students to depression at times. We will help them cope with such situations...''IMSA has 24 chapters representing 24 states. Prabhakar said work is on to form Meghalaya and Manipur state chapters.The future plans of IMSA include collaboration with international students' organizations to provide exchange opportunities and also to start community service projects. \"For pilot run of community project, we are in discussions with Indo-Tibetan community,'' Prabhakar added.IMSA has 24 chapters representing 24 states. Prabhakar said work is on to form Meghalaya and Manipur state chapters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062478", "title": "India rushes special envoy to Oslo to end custody row", "text": "NEW DELHI: With patience running out in India over inordinate delay in repatriating two Indian children to their families by Norway, New Delhi sent a special envoy to Oslo to help expedite their return.M Ganapathi, secretary (west) in the MEA, met Norwegian foreign minister Jonas Gahr Store in Oslo on Monday to try to hasten the legal process so that the children can return to their home and families.Foreign minister S M Krishna dispatched the envoy after the families of the children - Aishwarya (1) and Abhigyan (3) Bhattacharya - decided to hold a sit-in protest in Delhi, sparking outrage across the nation over Norwegian Child Protection Service's (CPS) insensitive ways that threaten to scar and traumatize the hapless young ones forever.Krishna had promised in January that the children would be home \"soon\". With indignation mounting against Norwegian authorities, BJP leader Sushma Swaraj termed the law cited by them to keep the children separated from their family as a \"kidnapping law\". \"In our country, this kind of law is known as a law of kidnapping,\" said the Leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha.The Bhattacharyas have been accused of \"gross negligence\" of their children that led to losing them to an activist child welfare services system in Stavanger, Norway, in May, 2011. The parents have insisted that the reason for the Norwegian authorities taking their children away is cultural differences: a charge Norway has rejected.The groundswell of anger against Norwegian authorities was evident as citizens, prominent politicians, concerned parents and many others reached out to Aishwarya and Abhigyan's grandparents on Monday as the family held a sit-in protest in front of the Norwegian Embassy at Chankyapuri. A Norwegian family also participated in the protest to highlight the concerns for CPS' activities.The case has struck a chord with almost every Indian, and popular outrage has threatened to bubble over. It is worsened because there is a general perception that Norway could have tried to counsel the parents if there was indeed a problem. Or, they could have deported the family. But removing the children from parental care is seen to be a drastic step. There is also a sense of outrage that Norway, which apparently has high levels of foster care for children, has been insensitive to cultural differences.A point of urgency has been introduced with the fact that the Bhattacharya family's visas expire on March 8. The Norwegian government is trying to get them to apply for the renewal of their visas that they are resisting. Last week, Norway applied to extend their residence permits.The crux of the problem is that the decision of the Child Welfare Services was upheld by a court in Norway. Therefore the appeal to reconsider the decision, including handing over the children to their uncle Arunabhas Bhattacharya will have to be taken by the court. In January, India and Norway reached an agreement to make Arunabhas Bhattacharya the primary guardian of the children when they return to India.Earlier the court was scheduled to meet in June, but in view of the diplomatic pressure by India, this has been fast tracked to the last week of March. But this date will mean the Bhattacharyas will have to stay on after their visas have expired. Ganapathi's brief is to ensure that a solution is found to this problem.While Norway bore the brunt, BJP made it clear that government cannot absolve itself of its responsibility. \"The efforts done by government are lacking somewhere. I don't understand why are they not taking the issue seriously? We are not ready to accept this kind of law,\" she added.\"The BJP would raise the issue on the first day of the Parliament (Budget) session, if the government fails to resolve the matter by then,\" Swaraj told mediapersons after meeting the children's grandparents.In a statement, Gunnar Toresen, head of Noway's Child Welfare Service, had said, \"As head of the Child Welfare Services I most strongly deny that this case in any way is based on cultural prejudice or misinterpretation. I am unable to give any comments regarding the particular grounds in this case because of our duty of confidentiality.\"Denying that issues of feeding or sleeping with the children were the reason for the action, Toresen had said, \"The Child Welfare Service has a responsibility to intervene if measures in the home are not sufficient to meet a child's needs. The act lists strict conditions for when a care order applies. Examples are when a child is mistreated or subjected to other serious abuses at home, or when there is every probability that the child's health or development may be seriously harmed because the parents are incapable of taking adequate responsibility for their child.\"Sources said they did not want to disclose the real reason for taking the children away because it would harm the children in India.Whatever the solution, though, it's unlikely the children will be able to return home to India until end-March or early April. \"We will make all out efforts to achieve the goal of getting back the children to India where they belong,\" Krishna said last week. \"It is government of India's firm commitment that the children must be given the opportunity to come to India,\" Krishna said.The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) chairperson Shanta Sinha said, \"It is important that the children are restored back to their family. I do wish that the Norwegian government takes up the matter and justice is rendered to the children.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12062870", "title": "Miscreants hurl petrol bomb on BJP's party office", "text": "COIMBATORE: An unidentified gang threw a petrol bomb at the BJP party office at Sundarapuram early Sunday morning. A flex board was charred in the incident. The party held a meeting on Saturday at the office to discuss the Sankarankoil by-election, deciding to participate in the election campaign. As many as 50 party cadres were present at the meeting.Around 2am on Sunday, flex board of the party office was charred when some unidentified persons hurled a petrol bomb at the office. When neighbours noticed the fire, they alerted the police, who rushed to the spot. The fire was doused by locals and police. Over 50 members of the party gathered in front of the office.\"No such incident was reported previously in the area. Our party's flex board was charred by unidentified persons who hurled a petrol bomb at a firewood shop as well,\" said R Manoharan, leader of the Kurichi unit.The Podanur police have registered a case under section 435 (mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to cause damage) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12063417", "title": "J&K; legislator\u2019s defence of Afzal sparks row in House", "text": "JAMMU: There was uproar in the Jammu and Kashmir assembly on Monday when independent MLA Abdul Rasheed raised the issue of clemency to the 2001 Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru.Rasheed said that he condemned the attack but making a scapegoat of Afzal Guru will not solve problems. He added that many are discussing Afzal's case but no one listens to those who ask for his clemency.Reacting to Union minister Farooq Abdullah's recent statement, Rasheed said, \"If Dr Abdullah has said Afzal Guru has to pay the price then those who kill Kashmiris should also pay the price.\"His statement met with strong objections from legislative members of the BJP and Panthers Party. JKNPP MLA Harsh Dev Singh said, \"Clemency petition is with the President of India, he should be asked to go to the President.\"Harsh and another member accused Rasheed of playing to the gallery and wasting the time of the house. Rasheed again raised the issue after the question hour but he was marshalled out of the house.Afzal was given death penalty by the Supreme Court in 2004. His mercy petition is pending before the president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12066795", "title": "Poetic symposium to pay tributes to martyrs", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A national patriotic poetic symposium would be organized at Katra on March 23 as a mark of respect for the martyrs who gave up their lives for the sake of the country.Many reputed poets would participate in it. Hari Om Pawar of Meerut, Gajendra Singh Solanki, Madan Mohan Samar of Baitul, Lajpat Rai 'Vikat', Manveer Madhur and others are expected to recite their poems.Martyrs Bhagat Singh , Sukhdeo and Rajguru sacrificed their lives on March 23. They were hanged by the Britishers on this day.Convener of the programme Satish Madhyan has convened a meeting on Monday in Tagore Town to make arrangements for the symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12066550", "title": "Cactus to perform at Maitree Bandhan", "text": "They both took time to be accepted. Now they're veterans on the music radar, their performances nothing short of rocking. Sidhu of Cactus and James talk of bridging barriers before their Feb 29 show at Nazrul Manch for Maitree Bandhan, the India-Bangladesh Cultural FestivalYou strongly feel that Maitree Bandhan Aage Chalo!, the Times of India Indo-Bangladesh Cultural Festival will go a long way in bridging the emotional gap between the two countries...It's an excellent initiative. Even if technically speaking, people from Bangladesh are foreigners to our country, at heart, we are the same. We speak the same language, sing the same songs. And more cultural exchanges mean more coming closer. I heard that Ayub Bachchu has recently recorded a song for a Tollywood film, but why did it take so long? Miles too is yet to sing for a Bengali venture! I love the way Arnob sings... his is an extremely original approach. Why can't we open new vistas for artistes on both sides of the border?Known as the big daddy of Bangla rock, you too trace your roots to Dhaka...Both my parents are from Dhaka. My father was a student of Dhaka Medical College and my mother too had lived there over a certain span of time. I keep wondering if I could ever get an opportunity to see where they lived...Your favourite documentary, \" Way Back Home\", deals with a similar subject...The documentary is directed by my friend, Supriyo. It shows how he and his parents take a bus to Dhaka, where they belonged. The documentary is about this journey and the more the father gets closer home, his anxiety reaches fever pitch. He tries to look for the tree he had rested under in his childhood, but doesn't find it. He asks around for the local grocery but is told that its owner is no more. Finally when he is almost home, he realizes that the face of his hometown has changed beyond recognition. A strain of pathos runs through this documentary - something I can completely relate to.Coming back to music, ever drew inspiration from any Bangladeshi band?I've extensively heard Feedback, Miles, LRB and James. New bands like Warfaze and Artcell too have a signature sound. This apart, there are many other solo singers in Bangladesh who I can easily pass off as my favourites. About drawing inspiration, I think Feedback had left a huge impact on me. When we started off, our music was hugely criticized. A certain section would say, 'ki hochhe, ki korchhe, cholbena. Bangla e rock hotey parena. That's when we got an album by Feedback and me and my band members were like... 'ei toh hoyechhe'. They were immensely inspiring.Sharing the same stage with the Bangladeshi counterparts is not new for Cactus...Yes, there have been many such shows. Each has been special in its own way. I am extremely fond of James' style of singing and is hoping for a possible jam session together. That apart, each band from Bangladesh excels in their performance skills. The drummer in each of their bands is a performer extraordinaire, so is the guitarist. There's so much to learn from them. Bangladeshi artistes too have appreciated us for our singing. There's a lot of mutual respect. Offers to perform in Bangladesh have also come Cactus' way, but we are yet to have a gig there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12067467", "title": "Indians convicted of sexually abusing daughter-in-law", "text": "NEW YORK: A US court has convicted three members of an Indian family here on charges of sexually abusing their daughter-in-law who came to America after an arranged marriage and was threatened to work as a slave.Rockland County District Attorney Thomas Zugibe said Vishal Jagota, 34, his mother Parveen Jagota, 57 and sister Rajani Jagota, 31 were found guilty after a bench trial of labour trafficking and assault charges for using intimidation, threats and physical violence to force the young woman into a life of \"servitude and sexual abuse\".Parveen Jagota and Rajani Jagota face up to seven years in state prison when sentenced on May 22, 2012 before Judge William Nelson , while Vishal Jagota faces up to one year in the Rockland County jail.Assistant District Attorney Arthur Ferraro said the case marked the first indictments, trial and convictions under New York State's new Labour Trafficking Law.\"These convictions underscore our serious commitment to prosecuting those defendants who would prey on vulnerable - and in many cases young - victims,\" Zugibe said.\"Human trafficking is a violent and degrading crime that will not be tolerated.\"The victim, now 25-years-old, is an Indian citizen who was brought to the US five years ago after an arranged marriage with Vishal Jagota.The family used intimidation, physical and sexual abuse and manipulation to force the victim to work as a \"round-the-clock servant, performing a variety of household chores, cooking, child care and other tasks under threats of violence,\" according to court documents.When the victim, whose name was not revealed, threatened to contact authorities, the Jagotas vowed to concoct \"wild stories\", accusing her of committing various types of crime.On one occasion, the woman's mother-in-law and sister-in-law burned her hand with a hot iron in order to \"teach her a lesson\" for not washing the clothes properly.The victim was not allowed to receive medical treatment for the serious burns and was told to treat the open wound with \"toothpaste\".Vishal Jagota is also accused of biting the victim, causing permanent scarring on her cheek. The woman was forced to face her captors for nearly three years, from her arrival in the US in 2008 until September 2010, Zugibe added.The woman's father-in-law was accused of touching her sexually but was later acquitted. The Jagotas had also hidden the woman's green card, passport and other documents that restricted her movement and forced her to comply with her in-laws' demands, the documents said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12063754", "title": "Teams formed to check malpractices", "text": "BHOPAL: With the Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) class XII, X examinations set to begin in two days, the board has formed special teams of flying squads to check use of unfair means. The higher secondary examinations of MP board will begin from March 1 and the high school examination from March 3.An official spokesman of the MPBSE said flying squad teams comprise officials and employees from different wings of the government departments, including those from education and the district administration.\"Action would be initiated against the examination centres and individuals in case there are complaints of use of unfair means,'' board spokesman said. More than 15,00,000 students are appearing for the board examinations in the state.The MPBSE has instructed that all exams be conducted from 8.30 am to 11.30 am on every alternate day.The class XII examination, beginning from March 1, will end on March 30. The examinations for vocational courses, starting from March 1 will end on March 28. The class X examinations will be held from March 3 to March 30.The MPBSE also instructed that the students should get answer sheets only five minutes before the exam time. The question papers will be distributed 15 minutes before the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12062874", "title": "Fire engulfs warehouse, Rs 15 lakh worth waste cotton gutted", "text": "COIMBATORE: A godown stocking waste cotton was gutted in a fire near Tidal Park at Peelamedu on Sunday morning. Traffic was halted in the area for four hours and people l in the neighbourhood had trouble breathing. The private firm has claimed that waste cotton worth Rs 15 lakh was gutted in the incident.The private firm had been collecting waste cotton from Somanur, Tirunelveli, Kovilpatti and other parts of the state, storing it in their warehouse at Thanneerpanthal Road near Peelamedu. On Sunday, around 10.45am, the fire spread from grassy land near the railway track to the warehouse. The locals informed the employees of the private firm who attempted to douse the fire but in vain. They immediately alerted fire and rescue services and police. Three fire fighting vehicles reached the spot immediately and additional deputy commissioner of police P Sundaravadivel and Peelamedu police inspector R Jeevanandam rushed to the spot. Before the fire fighters could reach the spot, the fire had spread through the entire warehouse.The police blocked Thanneerpanthal Road till the fire was doused and diverted the traffic through Tidal Park Road. The fire was doused around 3pm. Police said the warehouse belonged to B Sunil (40) of Kaveri Nagar near Vilankurichi in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12066966", "title": "Aashka Goradia in Shubh Vivaah", "text": "There is always a serpent in the Garden of Eden. And in Shubh Vivaah's lead pair Saroj (played by Neha Janpandit) and Amrit's (played by Eijaz Khan) lives the serpent is a married woman named Sarla, Amrit's secret lover. The character of Sarla is played by gorgeous Ashka Goradia.Sarla is a beautiful and seductive woman married to a rich businessman. Like any other girl, Sarla also dreamt of an ideal husband and a picture perfect marriage. Though Sarla's married life looked perfect from the outside, she did not get the man of her dreams. Her husband often travels to Saudi Arabia for business. Since he cannot be with her frequently, he tries to compensate by sending a lots of money to Sarla.Sarla though loaded with expensive jewelry and clothes, still feels emptiness in her life. And she turns to Amrit to drive away the emptiness. In return, she helps Amrit with his financial needs. She doesn't love Amrit but is able to manipulate him with her womanly charms.Afraid to face the wrath of her husband and the society, Sarla keeps her affair with Amrit a secret. She transforms herself into a doting wife the minute her husband comes back as she wants to make her imperfect marriage work.Aashka Goradia says\" The character I play is not negative. It's a positive role but her actions may seem negative in people\"s eyes. She has her own needs a requirements like any other show. It's a very different kind of a role and I haven't seen something like this on any other show. \"Watch Shubh Vivaah every Monday to Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12064909", "title": "Predicting menopause a step closer", "text": "LONDON: If scientists are to be believed , women could soon tell their doctors to predict the type and duration of their menopause in advance.An Indian-origin researcher-led team says it has found that the severity and range of health symptoms experienced by women through midlife formed into groups and distinct patterns, but only some of these, such as hot flushes and cold or night sweats, are related to timing of menopause.The research team, led by Gita Mishra at the University of Queensland , expects the discoveries will allow doctors to give patients more details on the symptoms they experience leading up to menopause. \"Women who experienced only minimal symptoms before their last period were unlikely to develop severe symptoms later, while for others the timing of symptoms relative to menopause was key to understanding the likely duration of the symptoms,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12064182", "title": "Rs 18 lakh looted in bank heist in Patna", "text": "PATNA: In a daring operation, motorcycle-borne criminals looted about Rs 17.96 lakh from the Canara Bank's Parev branch under the Bihta police station in Patna district on Monday.The police said that six criminals, most of them carrying arms and riding four bikes, reached the bank at around 3pm. While one of them wearing a mask remained at the gate of the bank, his five associates entered the bank posing as customers. They took the customers and bank employees, including manager R K Choudhary and cashier, hostage. Both the customers and the bank employees were herded into separate rooms, the police said.The police further said the criminals forced the cashier to hand over about Rs 17.96 lakh to them and then escaped on their motorcycles which were parked outside the bank. After the criminals left the bank, people confined in one room which was not bolted from outside came out and opened the bolt of the other room where other people were kept. The bank employees raised an alarm after coming out, but could not locate the fleeing criminals.On getting information, SP (rural) Manoj Kumar and SDPO (Danapur) Anil Kumar reached the bank and started investigation into the case. They said that only one criminal was wearing mask. They denied that the criminals manhandled the cashier and the bank manager and added that sketches of the criminals were being prepared with the help of the bank employees and the customers. The SP said that a joint police team of Patna and Bhojpur launched a hunt to locate the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063890", "title": "National Science Day celebrations at Science City", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As the nation will observe National Science Day on February 28, the citizens will see a slew of activities at Science City which has planned a five-day Science Carnival on theme of youth and science. The science day is observed every year to commemorate Dr C V Raman's find of Raman Effect for which he later got Nobel Prize for physics in 1930.\"The Science Carnival is going to be an event with a series of scientific activities and programs involving school and college students, eminent scientists and faculties of the state and country. We want to provide a real platform for the budding scientists to make their career and profession in science,\" said a senior Science City official. Officials said that they are expecting nearly 1 lakh students and science enthusiasts to visit Science City during this period.The students will participate in competitions, film shows, experiments and demonstrations, sky observation and popular science lectures. Ravi Saxena, additional chief secretary, department of science and technology, will inaugurate the carnival at 4 pm on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12063528", "title": "Transport only worry for 24x7 sector", "text": "KOLKATA: It's all the same for the IT companies no matter which party is in power. Employees are picked up before the bandh and sent home the day after. This keeps the 24x7 sector ticking.This time, too, all 350 companies in the Sector-V IT hub are open. And all 75,000-1 lakh employees expected to be at their work stations.\"For critical support to client projects, we shall get our associates to office by 6am. We are in touch with the local government and law enforcement agencies and are closely monitoring the situation ,\" Subho Samanta, senior vice president and head of Kolkata Operations, Cognizant said.Officials of PricewaterhouseCoopers , however, said they could not find any car agency willing to operate on bandh day. \"We have 2,000 staff. None of the car vendors are willing to come. But we have project deadlines. We have given an option to our people to work from home,\" said an official.Nasscom regional manager (east) Suparno Moitra said: \"IT sector will be working tomorrow. But the only problem we apprehend is whether people would be able to reach their offices because of unavailability of transport.\"Sector V Stakeholders' Association president S Radhakrishnan said no action will be taken against the employees if they cannot come. \"People are fed up with shutdowns,\" he said.Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar said employees can dial a special helpline 40621111 if they are stopped while coming to work.Bharat Chamber of Commerce has decided to go ahead with a meeting with a Chinese delegation on Tuesday despite the shutdown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "divar", "code": "12064541", "title": "From one flock to all the sheep", "text": "DIVAR: Everybody knows everyone in Divar, so when an unfamiliar face boards the Piedade ferry at Old Goa to cross over to the other side, curious glances greet you first, and then the almost inevitable question.\"Where are you headed,\" a polite old man, struggling to see through his glasses, seeks to know. \"Fr Bismarque,\" we told him. The answer drew a blank, but before the ferry could take off, pat came another question from the bespectacled man, \"Is he campaigning in Divar?\"Fr Bismarque Dias, a Catholic priest who has defied tradition and his superiors with his decision to contest the fast-approaching assembly polls, is a son-of-the-soil from distant St Estevam, and although he may not be as popular as the two other apparently \"strong candidates\" he is not to be mistaken as someone relatively anonymous here.Late on Sunday evening, a motley group of Dias's friends , and supporters, have got together under a large mango tree at Divar. They are ostensibly having a \"kindness picnic\" but on the evidence of the publicity material that is stashed inside a parked Maruti van, the manner in which paraphernalia is being distributed to vehicles that pass by and the \"I support Fr Bismarque\" t-shirts that some of them proudly wear, gives the game away.Probably it was meant to be that way, but not many have gathered here. Rough count suggested 25, or seven-eight families if the parked vehicles are taken into account. But when, in fading light, Bismarque makes a two-hour delayed appearance -casually dressed with rubber chappals on his feet-there suddenly seems to be a crowd.Of course, many inside the Scorpio are regulars on Bismarque's campaign trail, but you cannot ignore those who stop and eavesdrop once the fiery activist is around.\"I don't like the word campaigning. That's too commercialized. This is more of an awakening,\" said Dias, explaining his jump into electoral politics to an Israeli journalist.Bismarque's campaigning-sorry, awakening-is chugging along nicely. Till last count, and that was late on Sunday, the priest had covered 75% of the expansive Cumbharjua constituency and the rest would be done and dusted in the next couple of days. Expectedly, people have been well-behaved and accommodating, although, Dias himself admits, some five percent have been cynical asking questions why a Roman Catholic priest needed to get into the murky world of electoral politics.Unlike most politicians, Bismarque does not have a set agenda for the day. Nor does he have campaign managers. He does not need them; all that he needs is some peace of mind in the morning under a tree-which he calls office-and then the awakening route takes shape.On Sunday for example, Dias was taking a late lunch at the 'Star' restaurant and then suddenly decided to campaign in nearby Bainguinim which, incidentally, borders his constituency.Here, he joins hands with a garbage cleanliness drive, imparts education about the need for kindness to the earth and spends as much time as needed with those who are willing to lend a ear.Most are meeting him for the first time, many have heard about him and there are several who remember his face from television appearances. He is not yet a star; he doesn't even aspire to be one, but should he put it across two political heavyweights when votes are tallied, the focus of everyone's attention would be unmistakable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062410", "title": "Italian arrested on IGI for carrying 4.2 kg of charas", "text": "NEW DELHI: An Italian national was arrested at IGI Airport on Monday for carrying 4.2 kg of charas. Customs officials said the accused, Santini Simone, arrived in Delhi from Bangkok on Thai Airways flight TG-324. When his bag was scanned, the officials found a packet concealed in a false bottom of his metal trunk.A packet wrapped in polythene was found stacked between a newspaper and a carbon paper. The substance recovered from the packet tested positive for narcotics in the ION scanning machine. This is reportedly the third big seizure of narcotics from the airport in the current financial year after two passengers were arrested with 10 kg heroin in July 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12063180", "title": "Italian foreign minister to arrive on Wednesday", "text": "KOCHI:An Italian delegation, led by Italy's foreign minister Giulio Maria Terzi di Sant' Agata, will arrive in Kochi on Wednesday. The delegation comprises family members of the arrested marines.The special investigation team on Monday produced the guns before the Kollam chief judicial magistrate court.The weapons and other evidence were shifted to Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) in Thiruvananthapuram, accompanied by the Italian officials.The weapon experts from Italy will be allowed to witness the forensic and ballistic examination.\"We want to ensure transparency, as a foreign country is involved in the issue,\" said city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar , who is coordinating the operations of the SIT.Meanwhile, the Italian vessel Enrica Lexie was moved from the Kochi Port Oil Terminal and berthed in the outer sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062542", "title": "Centre blinks, puts NCTC on hold", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's ambitious counter-terror body - National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) - will not be operationalized on March 1 as scheduled. The Union home ministry, which set up the agency through a notification on February 3, will not go ahead with crucial appointments for the body and has decided to call a meeting of DGPs and chief secretaries of all states for clarifying contentious issues before making the next move.The meeting, which is to be chaired by Union home secretary R K Singh, is likely to be held on March 10 before beginning of Parliament's Budget session.However, since the consent of states is crucial for the success of the NCTC, it appears that the resolution of what is essentially a \"political\" dispute may have to wait for consultations with CMs. Though the states' officials will attend the meeting taking 'briefs' from their respective CMs, it is highly unlikely that the non-Congress CMs who opposed to the counter-terror body in its present form will convey their nod when some of them seem to be having problems with the concept itself, and not just how the NCTC discharges its responsibilities.The CMs can, however, get this opportunity between April 14 and 16, when the Centre calls a conference on internal security. It is also believed that the political wrangling over the issue may continue till the meet, which is to be attended by both Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and home minister P Chidambaram.The conference of CMs was scheduled to be held on February 15, but it was postponed due to assembly polls in five states. Officials indicate that there does not appear to be any window for calling the meeting of CMs before mid-April considering the Parliamentary and budget sessions in many states.An official said: \"The appointments of the director of the counter-terror body has been put on hold after home minister wrote a letter to chief ministers where he had assured that the 'next steps' on NCTC will be taken only after the meeting of DGPs\".Sources in the ministry said that the Union home secretary will invite chief secretaries and home secretaries of all states along with the DGPs and heads of anti-terror wings for the meeting that is likely to be held on March 10 since counting for the assembly polls is slated for March 6 and Holi will be celebrated on March 8.The CMs, while opposing the notification giving powers of arrest and search to the NCTC, had complained to the PM that the counter-terror body was being set up without any consultation with the state governments and this was not acceptable to them. They also said that the powers given to the NCTC amount to interfering with the jurisdiction of states on 'law and order' and hence, it impinges on the federal structure of the Constitution.Those who had complained include CMs of West Bengal, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Bihar, Odisha, Himachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh and Tripura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12064830", "title": "Cong fails to find a suitable venue for PM\u2019s election rally", "text": "PANAJI: No venue has yet been finalized for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's election rally in Goa scheduled for Wednesday.With the special protection group (SPG) responsible for the PM's security rejecting Bodgeshwar ground at Sanquelim, selected by local Congress leaders for the rally, organizers opted for the government college ground. Bicholim deputy collector and electoral registration officer for Sanquelim, Levinson J Martins denied permission for the meeting at Government College, Sanquelim, premises.Confirming this to TOI Martins quoted ECI guidelines which state that \"use of educational institutions including their grounds, whether government-aided or private or government for political campaigning and rallies is not allowed\". Martins said this is clearly mentioned in the ECI website in the section of \"frequently asked questions\".Sources said the Congress wants to have the meeting in Sanquelim and that SPG on Sunday went to Sanquelim to inspect Bodgeshwar ground. \"They found it too small and not suitable for the prime minister's rally. Speaker Pratapsingh Rane and his son Vishwajit, who were present when SPG was inspecting the ground, then suggested the ground at Government College of Arts and Science at Sanquelim,\" sources said.On Monday, Congress organizers went to the college ground to put up a tent and a banner, but were asked to vacate the premises by college authorities, as they did not possess a \"no objection certificate\". Higher education director Bhaskar Nayak said, \"We refused permission to the organizers to hold the election rally at the government college ground. According to election commission guidelines, a government educational institute's premises cannot be used to hold a political rally.\"Sources said Congress leaders were putting pressure on chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava to look into the matter. They added that Srivastava has asked Nayak to reconsider the decision. \"As there was a request to reconsider the decision, we have referred the matter to the election commission of India. As of now, we have not given permission to the organizers to hold the Prime Minister's rally at the college ground,\" Nayak said.Sources in the chief electoral office at Panaji said the office has referred the matter to the election commission. Chief election commissioner S Y Querishi told TOI, \"I am not aware of the issue. I will check tomorrow (Tuesday).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12065120", "title": "Irrfan Khan snatches Sunny Deol\u2019s song", "text": "Sunny Deol in the 1985 Rahul Rawail directed film Arjun swung to the tunes of Duniya Mane Bura Toh Goli Maaro.And the actor wanted this popular number for his home production Ghayal Returns. However, Tigmanshu Dhulia has moved fast and bought the rights of the song for his Irrfan Khan starrer Paan Singh Tomar. Needless to say, this has left the Deol man very angry.Shikha Kapoor, Sr VP of UTV Motion Pictures, the producers of Paan Singh Tomar confirmed that they indeed have the rights to the song now. \"We went through the required procedure. We got in touch with the music company (Universal) and got the rights.We are extremely happy with the way the song has been received by everyone,\" said Kapoor.Sunny Deol is however, not too pleased about the same. A source close to the actor revealed, \"Sunny thought of getting the rights of the song. But by the time, UTV had already bought it. He tried to get the rights from UTV. But they refused. Sunny wasn't too happy with it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "stavanger (norway)", "code": "12070619", "title": "Huge relief for NRI couple in Norway, uncle to get custody of kids", "text": "STAVANGER (NORWAY): Norwegian child welfare service has decided to award custody of the two children of NRI couple to the brother of the children's father. Child welfare service will submit its decision to a local court, which will take a final decision in the case on March 23. Three-year-old Abhigyan and one-year-old Aishwarya, children of Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya, an NRI couple living in Stavanger, Norway, were taken under protective care by Norwegian child welfare services in May 2011 on grounds that they were not being looked after properly by their parents.The child welfare services proposed solution will be presented to Stavanger district court on March 23 following which the court will take the final decision in the case.Earlier, family members of the parents of two Indian children along with leaders of political parties today launched a four-day protest demanding that the Norwegian government send the kids back to India immediately.Grandparents of the two children, their family members, leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj , CPM MP Brinda Karat and CPI leader Annie Raja held a sit-in near the Norwegian embassy here.The leaders expressed solidarity with the family members and said they would raise the issue when the Budget Session of Parliament convenes on March 12.\"We want our children back home. This is our only demand. Their visas are expiring on March 8. They should be brought back before that. We demand that the Norwegian government should not delay the process and send our children back soon,\" Manatosh Chakraborty, the grandfather of the kids, said.Under an agreement arrived at last month following an eight month-long custody row, three-year-old Abhigyan and his one-year-old sister Aishwarya will be given to their uncle, Arunabhash, who lives in Kolkata.However, the Norwegian Childcare Services had last week said it will take a decision by early March on whether the custody of the children can be awarded to their uncle.Holding placards which read 'Norway Send the Children Home', the family members were also joined by students of Springdales School in the capital.Swaraj said everyone is doing the best to bring the children back to India.\"The entire country is with them, there is no politics. All parties and every citizen are with them. We would try that before the Parliament session they come here or we will raise the issue on the first day,\" she said.Karat, who has been pursuing the case for the past few months, said the visas of the two children should not be extended and demanded that they should be sent back to India immediately.\"Parents' visas have been extended, but here the question is about the children. Norway should send the children to their country. How can they impose their laws on our children?\" she asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12064293", "title": "Truck cleaner murdered in cabin, steel worth Rs 6 lakh stolen", "text": "NAGPUR: A truck cleaner, in his 30s, was found brutally murdered on Monday in the cabin of the vehicle.Police said around 15 tonnes of steel bars worth approximately Rs 6 lakh were also stolen from the truck, having registration number of Chhattisgarh. It was parked near New Pardi Naka on Bhandara Road.Deceased Tejiram Thakre, who started working on the truck just a couple of months ago, had injuries on his head and face. Police said a tool for repairing wheels, generally kept in the kit of the vehicle, was used as weapon.Driver Damu Deware had left the vehicle parked on Sunday evening near New Pardi naka. It had 16 tonnes steel bars brought from Raipur to be delivered in city. Deware had given Thakre Rs 200 and told him to remain with the truck on Sunday as delivery could not be made it being a holiday. The driver, who resided at Pardi, was shocked when he returned on Monday morning.The truck, parked near petrol pump, was not present. It was found about 100 metres away. Though Deware had left the truck facing Nagpur, it was found facing in opposite direction. It's rear side was also damaged. Deware saw Thakre lying under a blanket with blood oozing out of his head and face. The steel bars were also mostly absent.Kalamna police were informed and they too were stunned. Thefts of traders' materials and trucks have become common at Kalamna where life revolves around fruit and vegetable trade and transporters' business.Some time ago there was a case of a driver and cleaner being drugged and whisked away before being dumped in a jungle adjoining Bhandara Road while the culprits took away the vehicle and consignment. Dispute over theft of a truck had led to a murder too last year. This is the first time that a cleaner has been murdered to loot the consignment.Owner Shaikh Salam said he could not recall any such incident in his 25 years in the business. Police quizzed Shaikh and driver Deware. They believe assailants must have befriended Thakre.\"It seems the vehicle was driven away elsewhere to be emptied. The cleaner must have been killed there itself and culprits brought back the vehicle parked it little further away,\" he said. Police feel the murder may have taken place shortly after Sunday midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12062645", "title": "Award for PU scholar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Panjab University PhD student from the department of biophysics, Neha Singla, has won the title of \"Young Investigatora\" for her work in the field of drug discovery and neurological disorders. She shares the honour with 24 other young research scholars from leading universities, including Ivy League institutions.A study by Singla, along with her research guide D K Dhawan, proved that zinc given as a nutritional supplement can curb the effects of aluminum induced neurological disorders, including Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease, as well as those related to memory loss. The award and scholarship was presented to her by Alzheimer's Drug Discovery Foundation, New York, at the 6th Drug Discovery for Neurodegeneration Conference last week.\"It was wonderful to interact with young scientists from diverse fields. I even got offers for pursuing a post-doctoral degree from other universities,\" said Singla. Barring a contestant from an Indian industry, Singla's was the only entry for the award from the country, although the foundation didn't reveal the total entries received.\"The study is unique as the effect of this element in countering neurological disorders was not explored.\"When zinc absorption from internal sources in the body and food lessens, its intake increases the chance of countering the effects of diseases like Alzheimer's,\" said Dhawan. Singla shares her award with research scholars from Harvard University , University of Massachusetts in Boston, University of California , University of Illinois at Chicago and Pennsylvania State University .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12063418", "title": "District court gets 80 election petitions alleging irregularities", "text": "PUNE: The district court here on Monday registered 80 election petitions alleging tampering of electronic voting machines (EVMs) and other irregularities in the recent municipal elections.The petitions have been filed by candidates who lost the elections in the Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations in the results declared on February 17. The petitions, filed under sections 16 and 403 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporations (BPMC) Act, said that memory chips of EVMs be seized and experts be appointed to inspect allegations of tampering and other irregularities.The losing candidates have a common prayer to declare them elected by setting aside the elections of elected candidates or to order fresh elections.Explaining reasons behind filing of petitions, senior lawyer M P Bendre said presiding officers had assured candidates that they would be allowed to check EVMs before voting and counting began. The candidates were denied the opportunity to do so, despite making complaints to the authorities concerned.According to Bendre, callousness on the part of presiding officers has created doubts in the minds of candidates that the EVMs were tampered with. He further said there are a large number of complaints against winning candidates that they had allegedly distributed money and used coercive methods to woo voters. Some of the petitions give details of caste certificates being wrongly issued by the competent authority.\"If any person is found guilty of corrupt practices, then he/she should be disqualified from contesting elections for seven years. Complaints have been filed with the state election commission (EC) under section 403 of the BPMC Act. The EC has ordered an inquiry into a complaint filed by defeated candidate Rukhmini Patil in PCMC,'' he added.Another lawyer, S K Jain, said the election was conducted in violation of the EC guidelines framed to avoid tampering and hacking of EVMs. The EVMs were not transported in an electro-magnetic impact-proof vehicle, on the date of elections on February 16, under the control and supervision of the returning officers and central police force. He said that after the polling process was over, the EVMs were not kept in safe custody and were, instead, exposed to a possibility of electro-magnetic tampering. He further said that micro chips containing results were also not properly protected.One of the petitioners, Sham Deshpande, has filed a complaint application with the city police cyber cell to register a complaint against tampering of EVMs under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Information Technology Act, Jain added.The petitions were filed within 10 days of the declaration of election results. The respondents in the petitions are PMC and PCMC municipal commissioners, returning officers and winning and losing candidates. The petitioners from PMC include Sandeep Ladkat, Sham Deshpande, Dilip Umbarkar, Raja Tungatkar, Shashikala Mengadem, Rahul Dhole-Patil, Trupti Desai and others. The petitioners from PCMC include Rukhmini Patil, Ramdas Patole, Dattatraya Waghere, Krishnakant Raskar, Ram Patre and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064851", "title": "Pak documentary touches a chord among city's", "text": "The documentary 'Saving Face' on acid attack victims that won Pakistan its first Oscar has touched a chord among women in India, too. Hundreds of women in both these countries face the catastrophic effects of acid attacks and grapple with the trauma and deformities for the rest of their lives.Twenty-two-year-old Aarti Thakur, the most recent victim of such at attack in the city, suffers from pain, sleeplessness and tremendous anxiety. Nearly a month after the attack, and three skin grafting surgeries, she is now recuperating at her house in Nalasopara. The fact that she was attacked in the middle of a busy Goregaon station has only worsened the trauma for her. \"I cannot stay alone at home even for a minute. The pain, burning sensation has been haunting me. I wake up shivering at night thinking , 'What if I am attacked again?',\" she said.Thakur, who financially supported her mother and sister before she was attacked, says she does not want to return to her workplace. \"Those who attacked me know the address of my office. I don't want to go back there,\" she said adding that she has lost the nerve to even step out of the house alone. Thakur summarized what most of the acid attack victims experience by saying that her life has been changed forever.\"I will never look normal again,\" she said. She cannot move two of her fingers on the left hand, and her face is disfigured.Experts say the effects of acid can be \"horrific on the human skin\" . Plastic surgeon Dr Sunil Keswani, who has treated several acid attack victims, said that most of the time concentrated hydrochloric or sulfuric acid is used. \"It could melt skin tissue, exposing the bones and in worse cases, even melt the bone,\" he said. In a majority of cases, the acid is thrown at the victim's face, which could damage vital organs like face, eyes, ears, nose, etc permanently . Keswani said the government's apathy to this gruesome act of violence is underscored by the fact that there is no database to record such cases . Activists believe that every year more than 200-300 cases of acid attack take place in the country.Crusader for acid attack victims Sanad Mane, who keeps a record of such attacks in the state, said that about 188 cases of acid attacks took place in Maharashtra in the last 22 years, of which nearly 30 were in Mumbai. \"Of course, the numbers could be underreported as many do not lodge police complaints,\" he said.While, statistics are scare, it has been observed by experts that about 60% of the victims are women, followed by children and men. The causes can range from rejection to love or marriage proposals, dowry demands and property disputes, among others.The healing say psychologists could be a lifelong process as victims, more often than not, are forced to give up their education or livelihood. \"The physical healing itself takes a very long time during which they are not in a state to listen to words of encouragement,\" said Dr Maya Kirpalani , consulting psychologist and family therapist , Jaslok Hospital.\"The next step is acceptance from family. If the victim has a child, it becomes more difficult as the child may not want to come close to a disfigured face,\" she added.Coping With Traumal Victims are in so much trauma that counselling and mental healing takes a backseat as doctors have to treat the burn injuries l Patients need more than just one surgery. After the initial treatment phase, patients need anywhere between three to 20 surgeries depending on the severity of the injuries l Most victims grapple with functional deformities that even surgeries cannot completely heatPsychological TraumaPsychiatrists say that the victim's psychological scars almost always never heal. l Family members, especially the victim's children, need counsellingFinancial BurdenFamilies are drained financially as each surgery can cost a minimum of Rs 50,000 and can go up to Rs 2 lakhLegal Standl There are no special sections in the Indian Penal Code to deal specifically with acid attacks. The incidents are mostly recorded under: Section 320 (grievous hurt), 322 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt), 325 (imprisonment of for a term which may extend to seven years, and liable to fine), 326 (causing grievous hurt by means of any instrument for shooting, stabbing, by means of fire, poison or any corrosive substance) of the Indian Penal Code. l The sections commonly used to book attackers provide a 'wide discretion' to court. Jail time can very from a few months imprisonment to a couple of years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12064240", "title": "Water shortage due to bad administration, says irrigation dept", "text": "GURGAON: Despite all the money and energy spent on setting up new water channels for the city, why does Gurgaon remain dry? The answer, according to the irrigation department, is plain and simple - bad administration. This year, to bridge the water supply gap for Gurgaon, the department set up the NCR water channel, having a total capacity of 500 cusecs. But department officials say that the development authorities in the city lack the infrastructure to store and pump the new supply further.Speaking to TOI, a senior official of the irrigation department in Gurgaon said that both HUDA and the HSIIDC have failed to revise their demand and accommodate the extra supply already earmarked for Gurgaon.''We have had a number of meetings with HUDA and HSIIDC officials, even on the very top levels, urging both the parties to get their demand figures right, and tell us the points where extra water is required,\" said the official.Currently, through the old channel, Gurgaon utilizes only 135 cusecs in its residential and industrial areas. ''We have done our trial runs of the new channel, and are absolutely prepared to pump in 500 cusecs of water. But when the beneficiary departments themselves aren't prepared, what can we do?\" the official said.In their earlier correspondences with the irrigation department, both HUDA and HSIIDC had asked for extra water for projects which have now been scrapped, or are incomplete. ''The population of Gurgaon has risen uncontrollably, without any appropriate design criterion. This is the reason the water shortage remains,\" the official said. The earlier projections were that by the year 2012, the demand figures would be revised and the new supply utilized. The NCR water channel is to have 300 cusecs of added capacity soon, taking the full supply load to 800 cusecs.According to Naresh Pawar, executive engineer, HUDA, their side of the work is expected to finish by May this year.''HUDA is the only department which is nearing completion and putting the whole infrastructure in place. If you see some of the other departments, the work hasn't even begun,\" said Pawar.He said that a water treatment plant of 22 MGD capacity and three storage tanks is to become operational soon with new supply lines being laid out throughout the city. ''We will soon be expanding our overall capacity,\" said Pawar. HSIIDC officials couldn't be reached for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12063415", "title": "Seminar to spread Swamiji's words", "text": "KOLKATA: If there is no violence within you, then there won't be any violence around you, feels Swami Suparnanda, principal, Ramakrishna Mission Narendrapur.\"Swami Vivekananda is the inspiration in our everyday lives. He taught us charity leads to renunciation. He always preached humanity,\" he said at a seminar on the different aspects of life and works of Swami Vivekananda. The seminar was organised by the Humanity Foundation in collaboration with the Ramakrishna Mission Institute of Culture.Speaking at the event, the principal said that there were both Godly and beastly characteristics in each of us and there was no limit to man's wants. Swami Suparnanda then went on to talk extensively on nonviolence. He felt that it was not enough to study, pass exams and bag jobs. But, it was equally important for people to have a firm grounding in ethics. He lay emphasis on the importance of responsible behaviour and righteousness among students. \"Education will not enrich us and make us better human beings. School definitely gives us knowledge but does not let us attain enlightenment. Man has the desire to know everything except that is within us,\" he said.Swami Sarvabhutananda, secretary, Ramakrishna Mission Instritute of Culture, said that Swami Vivekananda's mission was to make better human beings. \"Man being the most superior of creations has given definition to everything except himself,\" he said.Swami Vivekananda is the inspiration in our everyday lives. He taught us charity leads to renunciationSwami Suparnanda | Principal, Ramakrishna Mission Narendrapur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062822", "title": "Two ex-Swiss Bank officials summoned in Hasan Ali case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has issued notices to two former executives of UBS Switzerland to appear for recording of evidence at Mumbai in the alleged Hasan Ali Khan money laundering case. The former executives are believed to have allegedly helped Pune-based businessman Ali in his money laundering activities. The alleged scam is estimated to be worth more than $8 billion. The income tax department had also served Ali with notices in the same case.The summons was issued after a Mumbai court allowed ED to investigate the former UBS officials under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). One of the UBS employees served the firm as its executive director and had been mentioned in bank documents recovered from Ali during a search at his residence.Ali had allegedly been in contact with a Saudi arms dealer, and there were banking transactions that ED sleuths suspect could be related to commission he may have received in arms deals. The Mumbai court has asked the UBS officials to present themselves before investigating officers in the second week of April. Earlier, the agency had sought information from UBS and the Royal bank of Luxembourg in an alleged transfer of funds by Ali and his associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12064298", "title": "HC bar assn condemns woman lawyer\u2019s murder", "text": "NAGPUR: The High Court Bar Association (HCBA) of Nagpur, on Monday, strongly condemned what it claimed were shoddy investigations into the alleged murder of lawyer Purnima Borkar. In a condolence meeting attended by over 100 lawyers, it was decided that a 10-member committee would be constituted and it would meet the commissioner of police to request thorough investigation in the case.Borkar, a practicing lawyer at the district and corporation courts, succumbed to severe burn injuries at a private hospital on Saturday. Police have registered offences against her husband Rajesh Borkar, also a lawyer, and his two bothers Mukesh and Dinesh, under sections 498 A and 302 of the IPC.\"The case is at a crucial stage now and a detailed monitoring is needed. So, we will request higher authorities to take charge of investigation and ensure that justice is given to the deceased. We will be meeting with the CP on Tuesday at 2.30pm,\" HCBA Nagpur president Anil Mardikar said.Adding that the executive magistrate who was entrusted with charge of recording dying declaration failed to arrive on time, Mardikar said that the panel will demand an inquiry into this delay as well. \"Eye-witnesses have informed us that the dying declaration was not done on time. We condemn this inappropriate act and will request the authorities to seek explanation for the delay and then decide the appropriate course of action,\" he added.The HCBA chief also demanded that the probe should be monitored by the assistant public prosecutor so that the charge sheet is prepared correctly as per legal provisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "meerut", "code": "12064430", "title": "UP polls: BJP hopes Hindu card will work here", "text": "MEERUT: It is perhaps important to visit Hashimpura in Meerut city to understand why the industrial hub is also a communal hotbed. More than 40 Muslim youth were massacred by the Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC) here in 1987 leading to another wave of riots in Meerut's already troubled communal past.After delimitation, Hashimpura is now part of Meerut Cantonment, a seat won by the BJP five times in a row. Resident Mohammed Ansari, a khadi weaver , says he will never forgive the Congress , which was in power in 1987 but adds that BJP is the bigger enemy now.\"Muslims will vote for the BSP candidate because he is powerful enough to take on the BJP. Here it is still about defeating BJP,\" he says.BJP workers believe sentiments like these help the party as they lead to consolidation of Hindu votes. They have in any case not much to worry about here because Muslims in this constituency are not numerically preponderant as they are in many other seats here.In Meerut City, which has the maximum concentration of Muslim voters, the BJP, which lost the seat narrowly to Haji Yaqub, has reason to feel confident. The man who announced a Rs 51-crore reward for the person who'd kill the Danish cartoonist who caricatured Prophet Mohammed , Yaqub has no love lost for the BJP. Yaqub won the seat last on his party, the UDF's ticket but has vacated it this time for his brother Yusuf Qureshi who is contesting on a Congress ticket.Yaqub is fighting from nearby Sardhana as an RLD candidate. \"Yaqub is trying to increase his influence in the region leading to a consolidation of Hindu votes cutting across caste lines,\" says lawyer Vishpal Singh. The story is the same in the newlycreated Meerut South seat where the BJP candidate is the lone Hindu among candidates of all major parties. Because of the mad scramble for Muslim votes in the last two phases in western UP, it is always expected that the BJP's Hindu card would be more potent here and Meerut, at least, seems to be going by the party script.Many believe that with a better choice of tickets, the BJP could have better exploited the feeling of \"alienation\" among Hindu voters. They cite the example of Baghpat where the BJP did not give ticket to a single jat in any of the three seats.It is difficult to notice a Hindu-Muslim polarisation in other districts in the vicinity though. The Muzaffarnagarbased head of the UP imam association, Mufti Zulfiqar, says there is no Meerutlike polarization in any other area. \"It's just that there seems to be a wave among Muslims in favour of Mulayam a day ahead of voting; so much so that the BJP is looking vulnerable even in Muzaffarnagar City, the one seat they had here. But that is not Hindu-Muslim polarization ,\" says Zulfiqar.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12063184", "title": "Boat owner moves high court for compensation", "text": "KOCHI: Even as the legal battle over compensation between dependants of the two fishermen shot dead by Italian marines and the ship owners is going on, the owner of the ill-fated fishing boat, St Anthony, also moved the high court on Monday, demanding Rs 72.6 lakh as damages.Two fishermen, Valentine Jalastine and Ajeesh Pink, were shot allegedly by marines aboard Italian cargo ship Enrica Lexie off Kollam coast on February 15. The boat owner, Freddy J, survived the hail of bullets from the ship, but his boat was thoroughly damaged.The marines and the ship crew have been maintaining that the attack on the unarmed fishing boat was in response to a suspected piracy attack.Freddy, who had been a fisherman for more than a decade, is seeking compensation for the damage the boat suffered. Until the ship owner furnishes enough security to settle the claim, the ship, MV Enrica Lexie, should be detained along with its engines, gear, furniture and registration papers, the petition states.In addition to the ship owner, Freddy has named the two marines, Massimilano Latorre and Salvatore Girone of Italian Navy, and captain of the ship Umberto Vitelli as being responsible for his loss .The owner of the ship and the officials named in the petition are responsible for the \"wanton illegal acts\" and are legally bound to put the petitioner back in the position that he was in prior to the incident, the suit filed at the high court states.When the dependants of the dead fishermen approached the court, the ship owner was asked to furnish bank guarantees of Rs 25 lakh for each of the victims to facilitate the court to order compensation at a later stage if the action of the marines was found to be unlawful.However, the dependants moved a division bench of the court against the single bench order to furnish bank guarantees of Rs 25 lakh each, claiming that the guarantees furnished are too low.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062827", "title": "Overturned tempo leads to jam on Western Express Highway", "text": "MUMBAI: An overturned tempo led to a massive traffic snarl on the Western Express Highway at Jogeshwari (E) on Monday afternoon. Traffic police officials had to rope in a 'hippo' crane to tow away the tempo. Officials said vehicular traffic was thrown out of gear for more than two hours, though no casualties were reported.At 2.20pm, the tempo had collided with a Maruti 800 and a Honda City at Shankarwadi. As the tempo was being driven at a high speed at the time of the accident, it overturned due to the impact of the crash. The accident took place on the north-bound arm of the highway.\"Only one lane on the north-bound stretch of the highway was functional thereafter. The accident caused a major backlog of traffic and motorists were inconvenienced. We were able to throw open another lane on the north-bound arm for motorists only after the tempo was towed away from the spot,\" said an official. Traffic cops restored the situation to normalcy by evening. Officials said that the tempo driver sustained injuries but is out of danger.The vehicle collided with two cars on the north-bound arm of the Western Express Highway before flipping over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062502", "title": "Modular kitchens, jogging tracks will adorn ministers' bungalows", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ministerial bungalows to come up at Raj Niwas and Attaur Rehman Lane will boast of fancy interiors. The Expenditure Finance Committee led by chief minister Sheila Dikshit has cleared a proposal to add facilities like modular kitchens and jogging tracks to these bungalows at a cost of Rs 4.02 crore.The Public Works Department has revised the cost estimate of the six ministerial bungalows to Rs 13.55 crore. On Monday, the department sought the EFC's sanction for the revised estimate. Of this amount, Rs 4.02 crore will be utilised for additional facilities like modular kitchens and split air-conditioners.The project was first approved by EFC in 2009 at an estimated cost of Rs 9.54 crore. Funds were allocated in November 2010 and the project was supposed to be completed in November 2011. However, because of procedural delays the cost has shot up to Rs 13.55 crore. Of this, Rs 2.88 crore will be used for modular kitchens, split AC units, hard path area and boundary walls. The remaining sum of Rs 1.14 crore has been set aside for any deviations and facilities that may be added during the construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "12064110", "title": "Rohtas a centre of illegal quarrying", "text": "SASARAM: The recovery of huge quantity of explosives and seizure of five dozen tractors and four excavators from different stone quarries near Bansa, about 10 km from here on Sunday, proves illegal stone quarrying had been going on in the district for a long time.The Sunday drive against illegal stone quarrying was led by Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj. It proved that neither the forest and environment nor mining department could check illegal mining in the area. The police, mining and environment and forest departments on Sunday lodged three separate named FIRs against 100 persons, including former MLA Pardeep Joshi and former state BJP president Gopal Narayan Singh, Rohtas SP said.According to mining department records, sources said, the lease of almost the entire mining area had expired, but mining was still going on there.Police records show that in last three years, more than two dozen cases related to recovery of explosives were reported at the Muffasil police station of the district. More than three lakh detonators and huge quantity explosives and ammonium nitrate were recovered from the mining area during the period. None of the persons who had taken lease has licence for handling explosives, sources said.The recovery of explosive items in huge quantity in Rohtas district had prompted the then DIG (Shahabad range) AK Ambedkar in 2010 to write to the state government, urging it to hand over these cases to the special cell of the CID. But, the state government is yet to respond to it. Sources said after the cold-blooded murder of the then DFO (Shahabad range) Sanjay Singh in February 2004, who had launched a drive against illegal quarrying, the state government, on the directive of the Supreme court, had held many meetings to discuss the measure to check illegal quarrying, but it failed to yield any concrete result.Before the Seva Yatra of CM Nitish Kumar in Rohtas district, the district administration had in November, 2011, launched a drive to check illegal quarrying. During the one-month drive, the administration had sealed all the stone-crusher units. But after the conclusion of CM's visit, illegal quarrying started again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12062847", "title": "Ramnad MP denies kidnap charges", "text": "Cleared/305 WordsMADURAI: Ramanathapuram MP J K Ritheesh appeared before the Madurai superintendent of police after a senior functionary from his own party lodged a complaint with the police that he was kidnapped and tortured by the MP. Ritheesh, who came out of the district police officer after the enquiry, denied the charges and told reporters that the complaint has been lodged with a vested interest to malign him.Police said that Kathiravan, DMK union secretary of Bogalur in Ramanathapuram district lodged a complaint with the Madurai SP Asra Garg that Ritheesh and his men had kidnapped him 12 days back due to intra-party enmity that brewed prior to the assembly elections last year. He was then taken to a secluded spot on the Ramanathapuram - Sivaganga Road and was tortured for a day, Kathirvan charged. He further alleged that Ritheesh's men demanded a ransom of Rs five lakh to let him out. However, the relatives of Kathiravan did not pay the sum and after a day, the gang let him go. A week back, Kathiravan preferred a complaint with Madurai SP Asra Garg, following which Ritheesh was summoned for inquiry. During the inquiry that last for about an hour in the afternoon, Ritheesh, who had come along with his advocate, flatly denied the allegation.Ritheesh said that Kathiravan might have been kidnapped by someone else, but he was being dragged into the case by the complainant to settle political scores.\"I never indulge in such activities. I have answered all the questions raised by the police during the inquiry and they were convinced. I am ready to appear before the police for inquiry whenever required,\" Ritheesh told reporters. Police said that they are yet to ascertain the veracity of the complaint as well as the allegations against the MP and that the inquiry would continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12063585", "title": "Battlelines drawn: Mamata appeals, Citu fears trouble", "text": "KOLKATA: Forget the scene during strikes under the 35-year-old Left Front rule. It will be different during the Left's shutdown call on Tuesday. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee was clearly in a combative mood on Monday, calling bandhs and strikes \"retrograde politics\", even as the Citu feared law and order problems because of the government's \"aggressive posture\".\"The government cannot support bandhs. Whatever is needed will be done. One can't attend office with party badges,\" the chief minister said. Explaining her government's stand against shutdowns, she said: \"What have bandhs yielded? If the CPM had actually worked for 35 years instead of resorting to strikes and bandhs, Bengal would have reaped gold. The treasury wouldn't be empty. Strikes and bandhs are expressions of frustration and it serves only vested interests. Any trouble tomorrow will vest with them (read CPM).\"The Left was quick to seize on it. \"The way the government is taking an adamant stand in opposing the strike, we apprehend that peace may be disturbed in the state tomorrow,\" Citu state general secretary Kali Ghosh said on Monday. \"The government is trying to create an atmosphere of fear psychosis in the minds of its employees.\"The CM is using all possible means - administrative and political - to prevent the central trade unions and the Left from bringing the state to a halt. She repeated the warning of disciplinary action, including a break in service, if government employees stay away on Tuesday. She appealed to \"all concerned\" with folded hands to keep the state normal. But her partymen at the grassroots went about warning floor-level employees, shopkeepers and transport workers with dire consequences if they supported the strike.However, Mamata signalled that her party won't go for a confrontation. \"Trinamool Congress will not take to streets tomorrow to counter strike. They will merely inform police of any trouble. I will appeal to the people to attend office as usual as steps have been taken to run trains, trams, buses,\" she told a TV channel. Shops will also be open, she claimed. \"Processions can be taken out in support of the bandh as it is a democratic right but these processions will not be allowed to block traffic. They must move along one side of the roads,\" the chief minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12064097", "title": "NRIs don\u2019t have it easy in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: NRIs flock to their motherland because of their attachment to their roots. But their stay in the state is not entirely comfortable as they can't even get something as basic as an LPG connection to cook their food because the Punjab government doesn't allow a ration card to be issued to them, a mandatory requirement for supply of gas.Taking serious note of the matter, Punjab State Commission For NRIs, comprising chairperson Justice (retd) Arvind Kumar and member V K Bhawra, has sought a report from the Punjab government on a complaint filed by Baldev Singh, a British citizen who also holds a Person of Indian Origin (PIO) card.\"How can you expect me to live in India without a gas cylinder and without cooking?\" he has questioned in his complaint. Singh, who was born in Dhudike village in district Moga said in his complaint, \"I have settled in England Since 1967. As I was born in India, therefore I also hold a PIO card. Since, I hold a PIO card, therefore, I don't need a visa to visit India. I can come and go whenever I like.\" Singh said, \"For the last few years, my wife and I have been spending most of our time in Moga. But being a British citizen, I cannot apply for a ration card. And without the ration card, I can't get an LPG connection.\" He said that, \"The last time I was in Moga, I found that in the application form for a ration card I was required to sign an undertaking stating that 'I am an Indian Citizen.' I didn't fill in the application form because I did not want to sign a wrong declaration.\"State secretary for food and supply department, D S Grewal, admitted that as per the present policy, NRIs can't get an LPG connection as they cannot be issued ration cards. \"How can we issue them ration cards, when they don't live here?\" asked Grewal. However, Kamaljit Singh Hayre, president of Punjab NRI Sabha, an NGO, suggested that temporary ration cards be issued to NRIs so that they can get gas and electricity supply connections. \"It will also make getting a driving licence easier for them,\" said Hayre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12066630", "title": "Even people in villages relate to my music: James", "text": "They both took time to be accepted. Now they're veterans on the music radar, their performances nothing short of rocking. Sidhu of Cactus and James talk of bridging barriers before their Feb 29 show at Nazrul Manch for Maitree Bandhan, the India Bangladesh Cultural FestivalYou have been termed as a pioneer of the psychedelic rock in Bangladesh. At a time when you started out, not many listeners were used to this kind of sound. How did listeners take to this new form of music?It took time for people to absorb my music. I started in 1983 and it took me seven to eight years to gain any kind of a platform. Now, even people in villages can relate to my music. As for being a pioneer of a certain kind of music, I grew up listening to Pink Floyd , Deep Purple and rock of the '60s and the '70s. So probably that has influenced my style of music. The music scene also has changed a lot in Bangladesh. When I started out, Azan Khan, Runa Laila and Farida Parveen were the artistes we looked up to. It has changed now. Even people in the villages listen to rock music nowadays.What kind of a role does music play in bridging the gap between two countries?Music is the only element that can bind two cultures together. As far as tradition and language are concerned, India and Bangladesh share a lot in common in both departments. Music is the universal language through which the message of love, peace and harmony can be spread.You have often been dubbed as a nagar baul - the urban mendicant. How do you lend an urban influence to the sound of the soil?I don't care much about names. My lyrics work the magic. Whereas they strike a chord with the rural population, the rock details in my songs makes my songs popular with the urban population.You have sung some chart-topping numbers for top-of-the-line Bollywood movies like \" Life...In A Metro\", \" Gangster\" and \" Woh Lamhe\". How would you describe your Bollywood outing?(Laughs) Would you believe it if I told you that I cannot speak a word of Hindi? I wrote the entire lyrics down in Bengali and even phonetically transcribed the songs. It was pretty shocking for me! But yes, I thoroughly enjoyed the experience especially with directors like Anurag Basu and Vikram Bhatt.A performer or an artiste? How do you see yourself?Well, I am a little bit of both. When I'm in the studio, recording, it's a different feeling from when I'm on the stage, performing. The latter, though, is electrifying!Name some of the young artistes from Bangladesh you think are set to make a mark on the international stage.Anusheh Anadil has already done very well on the national as well as the international level. Ornob is another artiste I would want to see doing well.What are your future plans?I am all set to cut a new album soon. For that, I will hit the studios, maybe middle of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067285", "title": "Vijay first Mahesh next for Akshara Gowda", "text": "Akshara Gowda, who made headlines last year for her alleged link-up with cricketer Yuvraj Singh , is back in the news, but for a different reason this time.According to a source, this Bangalore beauty has been signed up for Telugu superstar Mahesh Babu's next with director Sukumar.The source adds, \"Angela Jonsson and Akshara were in the race for the role, but Akshara got it.\" Apparently, Tamannaah was the first choice for the role, but she opted out of the project citing date issues. \"Akshara is thrilled about the film as she has been waiting for the right opportunity to make her Tollywood debut,\" says the source.Interestingly, Akshara has already worked with Vijay for AR Murugadoss' forthcoming film Thuppaki, which stars Kajal Aggarwal in the lead.\"Akshara is heading to Bollywood with a romcom opposite John Abraham and another film that is supposedly on the lines of Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara,\" the source adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12063597", "title": "Court halts work on signal-free corridor", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Monday directed BDA to stop work on the 9.7km Sirsi Circle-Agara signal-free corridor through Lalbagh.The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen passed this interim order, pursuant to a PIL filed by Citizens' Action Forum (CAF) and others. The next hearing is on March 6.\"The petitioners had held a meeting with the chief minister in December last, during which they were assured that the project would be halted. However, in January, the JCBs came in. Though BDA authorities denied the project was being taken up, digging work suddenly began on February 20. It's not the authority, but the contractors who are interested in the project which has been taken up without a detailed project or feasibility report,\" counsel for the petitioner told the court.\"A signal-free road in the form of Outer Ring Road ( ORR) passes through Koramangala. It would have been better if the authorities had improved that road by providing better connectivity. Instead they are seeking a similar parallel road, totally bifurcating Koramangala residential area. The proposal to build three underpasses will further narrow the roads. This project is being solely undertaken to benefit certain builders/contractors, for which Rs 119 crore public money is being misused,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063768", "title": "AMTS bus rams vehicles, injures three", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An AMTS bus rammed into two vehicles near Maninagar railway station and injured three persons in the incident.Police have started search for the absconding bus driver in the case. The bus injured one Sonal Patel, a resident of Shyam Avenue near PNB House, and her daughter riding pillion on a scooter close to Maninagar railway station at 5.30 pm. They were taken to a nearby private hospital by EMRI 108 paramedics. Apart from Patel, the bus had also rammed into a biker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12063116", "title": "Kerala High Court admits PIL to strip politics off aided teachers", "text": "KOCHI: The right of aided schoolteachers to engage in political activities should be taken away as it results in teachers ignoring their primary duty of teaching children, says a public interest litigation admitted by the Kerala High Court.The petition filed by advocate Jibu P Thomas alleges that political activities of aided schoolteachers affect the education of children. It results in children studying in government or private schools gaining an undue edge over children in aided schools. The petitioner alleges that this is a violation of the Right to Equality enshrined in the Constitution.Kerala Education Rules and Kerala Government Servants Conduct Rules stipulate that no teacher shall engage in political activity or in any kind of activity that affects the normal functioning of the school. Despite all these rules being in place, successive governments have allowed aided schoolteachers to engage in politics.A government order was issued in 1967 making the political rights of aided schoolteachers similar to those i government schools. Unfortunately, the changes recommended in the order were never incorporated into Kerala Education Rules, which resulted in aided schoolteachers continuing with their political activities.The petitioner has also pointed out that a government-appointed committee recommended \"outright cancellation of existing orders conferring political rights to teaching and non-teaching staff in government aided educational institutions in Kerala\" through its report on August 6, 2008.Teachers engaging in political activities is also a violation of section 24 of Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009. The section stipulates that teachers should maintain regularity and punctuality in attending school and that no teacher should be deployed for any non-education purpose.Admitting the petition, a division bench headed by Justice CN Ramachandran Nair has asked the government to file an affidavit explaining their stance on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12064090", "title": "Speaker says no to anti-defection plea against ex-BSP MLAs", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government got relief in another legal matter on Monday when Speaker Deependra Singh Shekhawat rejected the anti-defection petitions moved against six former Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) legislators who are now members of the ruling Congress.Earlier in the day, the government got relief from the Supreme Court in the quota in promotions matter where its two top officials were bound to face punishments.Three years after BSP state president Baba Bhagwan and former legislator Jaswant Singh filed the petitions demanding the six legislators' termination from the assembly under the anti-defection law, the Speaker dismissed the petitions questioning the locus standi of the complainants. Shekhawat ruled that only a sitting member of the assembly could file such a petition.The BSP and the former legislator Singh termed the Speaker's decision as \"politically motivated\" and declared now to pursue the matter through the high court to the Supreme Court. In fact, Singh's petition in the matter is already pending before the Rajasthan High Court which had asked the Speaker to decide the matter swiftly.\"Our petition has been rejected on a frivolous technical ground that stinks of the Speaker's political motives in saving his party government. If a non-member could not file petition, why did the Speaker sit on it for three long years,\" BSP state president Bhagwan told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12067493", "title": "Nitya Menen is impressed", "text": "Actress Nitya Menen is all praise for her co-stars Dulquer Salmaan and Unni Mukundan, both in the running to be the next big thing in Mollywood.The actress, who had the opportunity to work with both actors at the nascent stage of their acting careers, is impressed with their talent and attitude.About Unni, she says, \"My first thought after meeting him was that he was the next big thing. He is a very good actor, which is rare to find these days, plus he's equally handsome.\"Nitya, who herself has maintained a professional decorum, also has words of praise for her co-star Dulquer. \"He's such a simple person with absolutely no airs at all. Since he comes with no baggage and is the same age as me, it's easier to work with him,\" the actress remarks.Nitya is currently shooting in Kozhikode for Anwar Rasheed's Usthad Hotel. \"I don't play a straightforward love interest to Dulquer, but a friend who has always been there for him,\" she adds. The actress also has few days of shoot left for Amal Neerad's Bachelor Party, which she reveals is \"more of a boys' movie because of the language they use.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12062829", "title": "Driver who 'abducted' cop identified", "text": "MUMBAI: Police have identified the motorist who forced a traffic constable into his car at Andheri and drove him several km till Malad before letting him go. No arrest has been made yet as the offender has moved house without updating his address.A senior police official said that on Sunday, constable Manohar Nawale (51) gestured to the driver of a car to stop as the latter had jumped a signal at Andheri (E), but the motorist drove on. Nawale chased the car till Shivaji Chowk, asked the driver to steer the vehicle to the nearest traffic chowky and sat down in the front seat. But the driver shut the car doors and drove till Malad, where he finally let Nawale go. Nawale noted down the car's registration number and lodged a complaint with the Andheri police.\"We contacted the RTO and traced the offender's address to Kandivli. We found that the apartment has been shut for the past two months and the accused has moved elsewhere,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12062762", "title": "America, Britain snub Hurriyat brass after Iran meet", "text": "SRINAGAR: The American and British ambassadors have refused to meet Hurriyat leaders Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Shabir Ahmad Shah, infuriated by their meeting with Iranian ambassador in New Delhi. Both the United States and the United Kingdom are having a running battle with Teheran over what they describe as its clandestine nuclear programme.The Hurriyat leaders, barring the Mirwaiz, have for the past week been trying to garner international support for their cause camped in New Delhi. They met the Iranian ambassador at the insistence of Hurriyat leader Aga Syed Hassan, who happens to be a Shia, said a Hurriyat source.The source added that the Hurriyat leaders are exploring support from international quarters since they believe Pakistan is caught in its own internal crises, both civilian-political and military. After meeting the Iranian ambassador, they sought appointments with the Americans and the British, but the western powers, miffed by their talks with Iran , turned them down.Meanwhile, the Mirwaiz said he is contemplating opening the conglomerate's office in New Delhi by 2013. The undivided Hurriyat with Geelani and Mirwaiz had its office in New Delhi which was closed in 2003 after the arrest of Hurriyat leaders Shabir Ahmad Dar and Zamruda Habib on charges of receiving hawala money from the Pakistani embassy.The Mirwaiz said, \"The Kashmir issue has several dimensions which include economic and human dimensions. The aim of establishing an office in New Delhi is to make foreign diplomats and civil society aware of the happenings inside Kashmir.\"Significantly, the track-II protagonists involved with the Kashmir issue in New Delhi have conveyed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's willingness to begin dialogue with Kashmiri separatists in the wake of Pakistan's change in policy on the Kashmir issue. The Mirwaiz said, \"We haven't received any invitation nor are qwe in contact with the government. We aren't involved in track-II.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12064107", "title": "Bishop's Cotton alumni offer Rs 1 crore bounty to mark centenary", "text": "SHIMLA: To mark 101 years of Old Cottonians Association (OCA), the alumni of Bishop Cotton School (BCS), Shimla , presented their alma mater Rs 1 crore. A cheque for the same amount was offered to school headmaster Roy Christopher Robinson .OCA, the alumni committee of one of the oldest boarding schools in Asia , had organized an annual lunch in Delhi to celebrate the event.General M N Batra (92) was the oldest Cottonian to attend the function, who had finished his school before the World War II. President of OCA ( UK ), Niblett, flew in from England for the lunch.The function also saw widows of around 10 Cottonians meeting their friends , a BCS spokesperson said. In all, 223 Cottonians attended the meet.OCA, the oldest such association in India today, boasts of an illustrious alumni, including Virbhadra Singh , Union minister and former Himachal Pradesh chief minister, Jigme Dorji, the grandfather of the current king of Bhutan , D C Anand, president emeritus of the association and chairman, Anand Automotive, who joined the school prior to Indian independence, Hamayun Khan, Pakistan's ex-foreign secretary and ambassador to India and A S Daulat, former head of RAW and Narottam Sahgal, ICS.BCS, which completed 150th year in 2009, was founded on July 28, 1859, by Bishop George Edward Lynch Cotton, the then bishop of India, Burma and Ceylon. After the 1857 revolution, he decided to set up a school so that British boys in India could pursue their studies.The school opened for students on March 15, 1863. The first boy, Frederick Naylor, joined the school on March 16, 1863. About 35 boys were admitted that year and the school increased its strength to 65 students by the year 1864.Col R Dewan, honorary secretary, OCA, said, \"Cottonians today comprise 37 World War martyrs, 57 national award winners, three heads of state, 10 ambassadors, six judges and 36 Cottonians with highest medals/national gallantry awards, among a host or other achievers. We also have the highest decorated officer among all armies of the world, Maj Roy Alexander Farran, who has been awarded L of H (France), DSO, MC, L of M (US) Cde G (France) (Awarded MC three times).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12063752", "title": "Increase pay for GISF jawans, says tribunal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The jawans of Gujarat Industrial Security Force (GISF) have succeeded in their legal battle demanding increase in their pay scale as well as other rights, as an industrial tribunal on Monday ordered the management to increase their pay up to Rs 1,900.There are 3,500 jawans in GISF, who are deployed by its employer GISF Society at sensitive places like Sardar Sarovar Dam and Civil Hospital for the purpose of security for last 14 years. Demanding their rights, they had gone on hunger strike last year for their 17-point demands.However, through Gujarat Federation of Trade Unions' secretary Amrish Patel, GISF jawans filed a petition before industrial tribunal demanding all job rights including sanction of leave, which they were not entitled to earlier. In its interim order, the tribunal has asked the Society to increase the fixed salary from Rs 600 to Rs 1,900 as per the seniority of employees. They will also now get salary slips as per the order.The new pay structure will be effective from November 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12062643", "title": "Central Vigilance Commission unearths Rs 190 crore flying club fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: A large number of flying schools across India are involved in an elaborate fraud, posing as no-profit no-loss operations while raking in crores.An investigation by the Central Vigilance Commission has found that a majority of flying schools/clubs in India posed as registered societies, operating on no-profit no-loss basis, to avoid paying the government full fee for operations. Resultantly, the government has lost at least Rs 190 crore in revenue, according to the CVC probe.Airports Authority of India (AAI) officials allowed 28 flying schools to wrongly claim that they were either registered educational societies or were run on no-profit no-loss basis. This qualified them to pay only a nominal fee to the government.Sources said the CVC has written to the civil aviation ministry to take appropriate action against officials who allowed the flying schools to hoodwink the system.The CVC probe found several deviations from rules: These clubs were not registered as educational societies, most of them were not operating on a no-profit no-loss basis and some were even involved in commercial operations.The nominal fee for flying clubs is just 10% of the original fee to be paid to the government. This nominal charge is only permitted for those that are registered as educational societies and run on no-profit no-loss basis, and not as profit-making entities. \"The concessional rates were extended to 28 flying clubs without proper examination/justification,\" a senior official said.The investigation found that none of the 28 clubs was registered as a society. Only four of them operated on a no-profit no-loss basis. To the surprise of the investigators, they found that one flying club was even a non-schedule operator registered with DGCA (Director General of Civil Aviation) since 2004.In response to a questionnaire from TOI, AAI said, \"Action being taken on CVC's recent instructions, outcome of the same will be made public as and when any decision is taken in this regard.\"AAI asserted that it had \"not allotted land to any flying school at nominal licence fee since its inception\" but did not discuss details of any other fee that the flying clubs may have had to pay the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12063198", "title": "Supreme Court gives dam panel 2 months to file report", "text": "KOCHI: The five-member Constitution bench of the Supreme Court on Monday extended the term of the empowered committee it had appointed to study the long-pending Mullaperiyar River dispute between Kerala and Tamil Nadu to April 30 from February 29.The empowered committee in its status report filed to the apex court last week had said that it would take another two months if it were to include the results of the dam core testing in the final report.Kerala had demanded that the final report should reflect the finding of the core testing as it would give better picture of the tensile strength of the dam.The bench headed by justice D K Jain during the hearing of the case on Monday said the status report had mentioned that it was the lack of active cooperation from both the states that was delaying the report. The court asked both the states to help the committee to finalize its report by April 30.The committee under former chief justice of India justice A S Anand was appointed in February 2010 and has already been granted three extensions. The committee was earlier planning to submit its report on February 29. The panel was planning to meet on February 26 to prepare a draft report.\"The extension order has just come in, and we will fix the date for next sitting after discussion among all the members of the committee,'' justice K T Thomas, the member of the committee told TOI here.Reacting to the latest court order water resources minister P J Joseph told TOI over phone from New Delhi that state was happy with the decision to include the core testing findings in the report of the empowered committee. \"But we hope there will be no further extensions because we want a solution to be found at the earliest.''Former water resources minister N K Premachandran said Kerala should be vigilant to ensure that Tamil Nadu would not use extension of the empowered committee as a ploy to protract legal proceedings and delay the construction of a new dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064897", "title": "Blast: Cops junk Israeli reports", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid reports in the Israeli media that the Delhi Police has solved the Israeli diplomat attack case of February 13 with the recovery of a bike and identification of the suspect , the city police commissioner BK Gupta on Monday met Union home secretary RK Singh and is learnt to have told him that there is no basis of such 'claims' .Referring to the meeting and 'clarification' made by Gupta, sources in the ministry said that the Israeli media reports appear to be a 'propaganda' directed against Iran.''Investigation is going on in the right direction, but nothing concrete has been found so far that could point a finger at Iran,\" said an official.Investigators here claimed that they are still looking for a lead in the case. Top brass of the Delhi Police denied recovering a bike or detaining any person . A senior officer said, ''These are speculative and wrong reports. We have neither identified or detained any person nor recovered the bike. We have checked all the CCTV footage , including eight, taken from private bungalows on Aurangzeb Road and nearby areas but we have no clue about the suspect yet. Our teams are looking for suspects, who could have come to Delhi a few days before the attack but there has been no breakthrough on that front as yet.\"Police officials also said that the US or Israel have not shared any input about the suspect with them.''After Israel claimed that Iran is behind the blast, we were looking at that possibility too and every other organization is also being verified. We are also looking for any local connection,\" said the officer . The Haaretz reported on Monday that the Indian agencies had located the motorcycle used in the attack , had identified the owner and knew how and when the attacker had arrived in India.Tal Yehoshua Koren, wife of the Israeli defence attache in Delhi, was seriously injured in the explosion . The report was made on the basis of inputs given by an Israeli official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12064135", "title": "Quack held for aborting female foetus", "text": "KARNAL: The district authorities arretsed a quack aborting a female foetus on Monday. They also booked five others, including the woman undergoing operation and her husband, under various sections of PNDT Act and Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act. The woman acting as a doctor did not have any documents to show the team to prove her qualifications.The authorities acted on a tip off to raid Upkar Charitable Hospital on Meerut road and conducted a raid under the supervision of district health officer Babu Ram. They caught the quack, Rekha, and her patient red-handed. Deputy commission Neelam Kasni said the foetus of girl child could not be saved since the procedure had already been performed.A case has been registered against doctor Rekha, Suman, the woman who underwent illegal termination, and her husband Jagat Ram, hospital owner Jaiveer Singh, hospital assistant Balwinder and sweeper Guddi. The woman who opted for medical termination of pregnancy belonged to Arencha village in Pehowa block of Kurukshertra district. She told the authorities that she had undergone a sex determination test at an ultrasound centre at Shamli, in Uttar Pradesh, two days back and paid Rs 4,000 for it. She decided on abortion after it was confirmed that she was carrying a girl child. She already has three daughters and wanted a son, she said. Meanwhile, the raid team found that Rekha was a quack and did not have anydocuments to prove her qualification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12063733", "title": "Industrial expo to bring in 350-cr business", "text": "NASHIK: NIMA Index: 2012, a four-day mega industrial exhibition organized by the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufactures' Association (NIMA), is expected to generate business worth Rs 350 crore, including around Rs 200 crore from B2B (business to business meets).The expo, which concluded on Monday, attracted over one lakh visitors in four days. Around 269 companies, a mix of large, small and medium companies, had participated in the expo. The expo also highlighted the potential of engineering industry as a global outsourcing destination for manufacturing of components.NIMA president Dhananjay Bele said, \"We received a very good response. The expo is expected to generate Rs 350 crore business. The exhibitors generated business of around Rs 150 crore, while around 70 small and medium enterprises (SMEs) are expected to get contracts worth Rs 250 crore from Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL). B2Bs were an important feature of the expo. We had invited HAL and the British high commission for a B2B. HAL is looking to outsource maximum aircraft components from Nashik industries as it is more feasible logistically for it. Of the 150 entrepreneurs that participated in the B2B with HAL, around 70 entrepreneurs are expected to be converted into HAL vendors and likely to get orders at least worth Rs 200 crore.\"Bele added, \"The experiment we conducted in changing the timings of the expo was successful. This time, we had scheduled the expo during business hours i.e. from 10am to 7pm, and received good response from business and trade people. This time, we noticed that professionalism is increasing among Nashik entrepreneurs and the new generation is more serious about the quality and standards of the products,\" Bele said.Mazhar Sayyed, territory manager, Atlas Copco , said, \"We got a really good response during the four-day exhibition. We got around 20 deals and business of over Rs one crore is expected to be generated in the coming few months.\"Auto major Mahindra &amp; Mahindra (M&M;) had also put up its stall at the expo and got a spectacular response from customers. \"The response we got from the visitors was overwhelming. We had put new models of the XYLO and Bolero multi utility vehicles (MUVs). We got around 500 serious enquiries that will generate business of around Rs 50 crore in the coming few months,\" said Yogesh Patil, senior manager, M&amp;M.;\"This time NIMA had not allowed us the counter sale, but the display of the products only. The company has total 1,500 products, of which we had put around 400 products on display. Our main objective was to create awareness regarding the company products. We distributed around 3,000 coupons with 25 per cent discounts on sale directly from our dealers. The serious enquiries we received during the expo are expected to be converted into the business in the next few months,\" Hemant Dhatrak, Sr. Official from Taparia Tools said.Around 269 large and small medium enterprises (SMEs) from across the country participated in this mega industrial expo. Those among eminent industries included M&M;, Mahindra Powerol, Atlas Copco, Thermax Ltd , Thermax Ltd, Volkswagon, Toyota, Hindustan National Glass &amp; Industries Ltd, Taparia Tools, Nilkamal Ltd, Chopda Industries and CTR Manufacturing Industries Ltd.The stalls of the companies had been divided in different categories- Machine Tools, instrumentation &amp; machinery, Hardware, Tools &amp; Equipments, Automobiles, Spares &amp; Sub contracting, Electrical, Switchgear &amp; Equipments, IT, Software Development &amp; Computer, Electronic &amp; Instrumentation, Non-conventional Energy Equipments, Rubber, Plastic, Fibre &amp; Allied products, Packaging &amp; Machinery and Healthcare Equipments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12064868", "title": "City on short fuse: Showroom staffer killed in tiff", "text": "NEW DELHI: A squabble over a trivial issue yet again claimed a life in the capital. A 26-year-old sales executive working at a showroom of a global car manufacturer was murdered in north Delhi on Sunday night in an argument over ''the best SUV''. The victim , Aashish, was a resident of Khajuri Khas in northeast Delhi. Police said they have identified the main suspect, but are yet to nab him.Police said Ashish had gone to meet some friends at Christian Colony in Maurice Nagar around 9pm. The group gathered in a room. ''The occupant of the room was in Ghaziabad , but his friends gathered there and had drinks. One of the friends said he was planning to buy a car and asked for suggestions. This led to an argument between two factions over which was the best Sedan in town,'' said Romil Baaniya, additional DCP (northwest ). ''The argument soon turned into a scuffle. However, intervention by other friends ended the fight. No PCR call was made as no one was injured in the incident,'' said Romil Baaniya, additional DCP (northwest).''There was no further trouble until the party got over around midnight and the friends began to leave. Around 12.30am, the accused and Aashish were walking towards Mukherjee Nagar when they began to argue over this again. The accused attacked Aashish with a heavy object and he died on the spot,'' said an investigating officer. The accused fled after the murder.Cops said they have identified the accused and are raiding several places in Delhi and Ghaziabad to nab him. ''Prima facie, we believe there is just one culprit. However, there may be others too who might have assisted him,'' said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12064343", "title": "The Artist who resisted change", "text": "Movies touch you in strange, inexplicable ways. But perhaps when they illustrate the existing human condition in some engaging and artistic way they touch us the most. It is possible there is a link between the fate of George Valentin, the silent film star whose fortune's collapse with the arrival of talkies, and the current mood of economic gloom and social despair in the USA and Europe.Valentin, performed in an Oscar-winning turn by Jean Dujardin , resists change and is almost thrown into the dustbin of history. Could it be possible that his character has found a sympathetic echo among those who lost their jobs and felt outdated and irrelevant?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12063577", "title": "Cop gives babu an earful", "text": "BANGALORE: BS Yeddyurappa's relentless campaign to regain the CM's gaddi has thrown the BJP into a virtual tumult, lending an air of uncertainty to everything in the ruling party. The topsy-turvy state of affairs was laid bare during Yeddyurappa's 69th birthday celebrations. The CM forgot that his predecessor was no more in the chair, while a police inspector perceived to be close to the former CM gave a piece of his mind to the principal secretary to the incumbent CM.In the first incident of the day, the CM's principal secretary, ISN Prasad, spotted Upparpet police inspector Lokeshwar, who is said to be close to Yeddyurappa's family, at the former CM's residence.Prasad asked Lokeshwar if he was on duty, and if so, why he had come in civil dress. Lokeshwar shot back: \"Who are you to ask me?'' The CM was sitting only a few metres away and a stunned Prasad didn't utter a word.Lokeshwar said he knew BSY for 27 years and had come to wish him on his birthday after taking permission from his senior officer. He said Prasad had ill-treated him on earlier occasions, and hence, he lost his cool.When mediapersons sought sound bites from Gowda on Monday were flummoxed when Gowda shot back: \"How many times should I speak? I already spoke at the CM's residence.'' Of course, Gowda forgot that Yeddyurappa is a former CM. Recovering from his faux pas, Gowda said: \"What I meant was the CM (referring to himself in third person) spoke at his (BSY) residence. Words just got jumbled!'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12066128", "title": "Facebook denies accessing users\u2019 SMSes", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook is being accused of snooping on its users' text messages, but the social network says the accusations are inaccurate and misleading.The company is among a wide-ranging group of Web entities, including Flickr and YouTube , that are using smartphone apps to access text message data and other personal information, according to a Sunday Times report (behind a paywall).The newspaper said Facebook \"admitted\" to reading users' text messages during a test of its own messaging service. The report also says information such as user location, contacts list, and browser history are often accessed and sometimes transmitted to third-party companies, including advertisers.Facebook representatives did not immediately respond to a CNET request for comment, but the company told the Business Insider that the Sunday Times report was \"completely wrong.\"\"There is no reading of user text messages. On the Android App store, the Facebook app permissions include SMS read/write. Lots of communications apps use these permissions. Think of all those apps that act as replacements to the build-in sms software,\" it said.The company said the permission exists because it has performed some testing of products that require short message service to communicate with the Facebook app. But Facebook says it hasn't made any such features available to the public.\"So the Sunday Times is completely wrong when it says Facebook is reading people's SMS. Wrong on the terminology, and wrong on the suggestion that it has been implemented,\" the company said.Smartphone privacy concerns have increased in the past couple of weeks after it was revealed that when Path--a popular iOS and Android application--was found to be collecting user contact information without permission.Twitter also acknowledged that it retained data on its servers for 18 months after users selected the \"Find Friends\" feature on its smartphone app.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12064785", "title": "Tiwari wants to be heard if Kripa appeals", "text": "MUMBAI: Sanjay Tiwari, the public interest litigant whose petition the Bombay HC last week converted into a first information report (FIR) against Congress leader Kripashankar Singh under the Prevention of Corruption Act, filed a caveat before the Supreme Court. He moved the SC with a plea that he should be heard in case and when Kripashankar files his appeal against the HC verdict.Tiwari had filed the PIL against Singh, his family and the anti-corruption bureau, state government and others alleging that a detailed probe be ordered as the investigating agencies were not looking into his complaint seriously. This led the HC to direct the ACB and IT authorities to carry out initial probes and submit their findings in sealed covers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12065949", "title": "Trade unions strike: What's on, what's off", "text": "Having rejected Centre's belated bid to persuade them to drop their plan for the 24-hour general strike on Tuesday, central trade unions commanding the allegiance of lakh of workers stepped up their efforts to turn the protest into a crippling nationwide shutdown.DELHIAirports, Bus terminus, stations | OpenAutos | of around 55,000, 10,000-15,000 to stay offBuses | Private buses, DTC to operateEssential supplies | Unaffected; truckers not joining strikePSU banks | May be shutPetrol and CNG stations | UnaffectedMUMBAIAutos | Partially affected; Taxis will plyBuses | BEST drivers to take part in the strikeRailways | UnaffectedSchool and colleges | OpenEssential supplies | OpenPSU banks | Affected. Class III employees of RBI on strike. Officials will workKOLKATAPublic transport | UnaffectedAirports, Bus terminus, stations | On, but expect delays because of fewer loadersGovernment offices | Employees staying overnight in offices, cooking in corridors, sleeping on desksSchools | Officially closedPSU banks | ClosedPrivate banks | ClosedBANGALOREAirports, Bus stand, stations | OpenAutos | Partially affected, two unions on strikePetrol pumps | OpenSchool and colleges | OpenPSU banks | ClosedEssential supplies | OpenCHENNAIAirport, railway stations | OpenTransport | Expected to be hitPSU banks | ShutSchools | OpenEssential supplies | OpenPetrol pumps | Open", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12069217", "title": "Jayaram to play a sorcerer", "text": "After a gap of three years, Mollywood director Anil and actor Jayaram are teaming up again. This time, Jayaram will play the lead in Anil's next, Manthrikan.A horror comedy, the movie will have Poonam Bajwa playing the female lead. Through Manthrikan , the director also presents four young actors to M-town - Natasha, Nila Raj, Sukanya and Swapna Menon. All the four will play characters of equal importance.\"This will not be the usual horror flick. It will be a complete family entertainer,\" says Anil, whose Pakalpooram was also a horror flick. However, the director says Manthrikan will be a completely different outing. \"Jayaram will essay the role of a sorcerer, who is forced to take up magic. The movie is made in the backdrop of a 20-day wedding ceremony,\" says the director.The script is by Rajan Kiriyath, music is scored by S Balakrishnan, and camera by Vaidhy S Pillai. The director will start the shoot for Manthrikan on March 2, and the movie will hit the screens in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12064312", "title": "Row in Bihar House over Markandey Katju's remark", "text": "PATNA: The Press Council of India (PCI) chairman Justice Markandey Katju's remark that the media was not free under the Nitish Kumar regime in Bihar found its echo in the state legislature on Monday with the opposition members raising slogans and alleging that the Nitish Kumar government was \"murdering democracy\".The opposition MLAs also condemned the attempt allegedly made by a college principal, who is the husband of a ruling JD-U MLA, to \"humiliate\" the PCI chief when he made the \"press gag\" remark at a function on the Patna University campus on Friday. RJD MLA Samrat Chowdhary even tabled an adjournment motion over the issue. It was rejected by Speaker Uday Narain Chaudhary.Leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui said \"constitutional bodies like PCI\" should be respected and their freedom of expression honoured. The way Justice (retd) Katju was treated by the college principal was unfortunate, Siddiqui said and added the principal's opposition to the PCI chief's remark was designed to make a scene. Even more condemnable was the statement of deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi over the issue. \"It is a serious matter that government-sponsored attack is being made on constitutional bodies, he said.Parliamentary affairs minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav described the PCI boss's remark as factually wrong. \"There is no press censorship in the state,\" he said and advised the members to wait till the three-member committee, constituted by the PCI to go into the issue, submits its report.Modi said the statements Justice (retd) Katju was making against different state governments were not expected from a person of his stature. \"It must be probed who are the people misguiding Justice (retd) Katju about press freedom in Bihar,\" he said.RJD MLAs staged a walkout in protest against the government stand over the issue.In the Upper House soon after it assembled for the day's listed business, RJD member Ram Chandra Prasad sought a debate on the freedom of press in Bihar in view of the PCI chairman's statement.Leader of the opposition in the council Ghulam Gaus said there was an \"emergency-like situation\" in the state. \"The fourth pillar of democracy is in danger,\" he said and added journalists who dared write/telecast anything against the government were transferred or had to resign. \"I know some of such victims,\" he said.Animal husbandry minister Giriraj Singh said a privilege motion should be adopted against the PCI chairman. Council chairman Tara Kant Jha said the statement made by Justice (retd) Katju from a public platform would not be allowed to be discussed in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12063743", "title": "Driving along canal a test of patience", "text": "LUDHIANA: A drive along the Sidhwan Canal is anything but pleasant. Most of the 60 bridges constructed on the canal are so narrow that only one way traffic can flow at a time. Twelve new residential localities have come up around the canal in 10 years, resulting in a significant increase in the number of vehicles on the stretch. The route is also frequented by commuters going towards Chandigarh or Delhi because they can save time instead of taking the national highways or Chandigarh Road. Two railway crossings on the stretch are also testing the patience of commuters. All put together, traffic on the stretch is often bumper to bumper.The total length of this canal from Manpur headwork, Doraha till Noorpur is 88km with 66.62km-long stretch within the city limits. While residents struggle with the herculean task of crossing over the canal, the authorities play the familiar game of passing the buck.About the expansion of bridges over the canal sub-divisional officer of PWD (B&R;) branch H S Dhillon said, a??a??The connecting bridges that have been constructed over the canal come under the irrigation department so they are at a better position to comment and construction of the southern bypass will take sometime.a??a??Executive engineer of district irrigation department Surinder Singh Saini said. The city is expanding and gradually the traffic flow is also increasing but it is not that we are not doing anything to ease traffic woes. We have expanded two bridges in the past and if need be for more expansion we will do that too.a??a??However, the explanations dona??t seem to be convincing residents. a??a??About 10 years ago there was lesser traffic on this stretch but gradually the number of vehicles increased because more residential colonies were developed while the size of roads remained the same. There is dire need to complete the construction of souther bypass and expand the connecting bridges near the newly developed areas,a??a?? said Gulshan Arora, a businessman staying at Country Homes.Areas on either sides of the canalShimlapuri, Daba village, Model Town, Dugri, Pakhowal Road, BRS Nagar, Country Homes, Garden Enclave, Aggar Nagar, South End, South City and Rajgarh Estates", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12063555", "title": "Chided over studies, girl ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: Upset over being chided by her mother for not doing homework, an 11-year-old girl allegedly committed suicide by setting herself ablaze in her residence near TR Mill of Chamarajpet on Monday evening.Bhavya Shivakumar, a Class V student of Cambridge School in Azadnagar, was alone at home as her mother Vani and elder sister Kavya had gone to temple.Family members said Vani had earlier in the day scolded Bhavya for not doing homework. Vani had been summoned by the school management, which brought to her notice Bhavya's poor academic performance. Shivakumar, Bhavya's father is a handloom employee in Chamrajpet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12063534", "title": "Be our guest, govt tells bandh-wary employees", "text": "KOLKATA: Faced with the threat of service break, government employees decided to sleep in overnight rather than risk trouble on the roads on bandh day.The government, too, gave them unprecedented clearance to stay back in their offices all over the state.A visit to Writers' Buildings and the industries department HQ at Camac Street showed a bizarre picture: employees stripped down to their vests and shorts, cooking in the corridors and offices, and lounging on their desks. There were mounds of potatoes, onions and veggies on the floor, being cut and washed for supper.Hundreds of employees stayed back overnight in government offices in Kolkata - from Writers' to Khadya Bhawan and Shilpa Sadan to Swasthya Bhavan. Many more did so in the districts.Chief secretary Samar Ghosh said, \"Those who wish to stay back can do so.\" The PWD had been asked to ensure that the caretaker of Writers' Buildings looks at the security aspect of the building, he added. The police have tightened security for the night.Ghosh said that employees have been asked to turn up for work on Tuesday, and if they do not, their leave would not be granted. Action could be taken against them under the Service Rules, he warned.Transport minister Madan Mitra has already threatened a \"service-break\" for employees who do not attend work on Tuesday.The Left backed State Co-ordination Committee was up in arms against the government decision to allow employees to stay back in offices overnight. \"In some offices, officers are giving circulars asking the staff to stay back. This is completely illegal. If there is any theft in government offices, who will take responsibility for it?\" Bandopadhyay asked.Bandopadhyay said that if some action is taken against employees, \"then it won't be restricted to a day's strike. The administration will be brought to a complete halt.\"He added that the Left Front government had given trade unions the right to strike and it was still in vogue. \"There is no notice that there will be break in service if someone does not come to work on Tuesday. The circular says leave won't be granted. But this goes against a person's fundamental right. What if a person is unwell and cannot come?\" he asked. \"What the government is doing is completely illegal,\" he alleged, saying Mitra \"couldn't have spoken about 'service-break' if he was in a normal state of mind\".Writers' was tense since morning, with employees discussing what they would do on Tuesday. Unions backing the strike and those against it held rallies and counter-rallies at lunchtime.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee held a meeting at Writers' around noon with DGP Naparajit Mukherjee, police commissioner R K Pachnanda, ADG law and order Surajit Kar Purokayastha and special commissioner Shivaji Ghosh, asking them to ensure there is no trouble on Tuesday and everything functions normally.The government is making all attempts to keep the transport moving. At least 1,200 buses and another 100 trams will be on the road, assured the transport minister. This is more than the usual number of buses and trams that run in the city on normal days. \"Long-distance buses are being brought in to run on Tuesday,\" said an officer.The transport corporations will keep a bus each in front of state government housing quarters at 9am on Tuesday, and these will start off at 9.30am, picking up not only government employees but whoever is keen on taking them. These will be stationed at Lake Gardens government housing quarters, Iron Side Road, Ballygunge, Salt Lake and Minto Park. \"If there is demand for more buses, then the trips would be repeated,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-28"}
