{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13043063", "title": "UP minister keeps CM in darkover aide's appointment", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has asked his ministers to remain unbiased and take independent decisions for the betterment of people. But minister for khadi and village industries Rajaram Pandey has gone a step further. The minister recently appointed his close aide as vice-chairman of Khadi and Village Industries Board (KVIB) -- a post equivalent to the minister of state -- and got the appointment ratified by the governor, without the knowledge of the CM or Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav .The chief minister, who learnt about the appointment of Natwarlal Goel as KVIB vice-chairman through newspaper reports, has taken a serious note of the incident and is likely to address the issue after consultation with the party leadership. The incident might have gone unnoticed for some more time had Natwarlal not shown haste in settling a property dispute in Kaiserbagh. It was after senior police officers tried to verify Natwarlal's appointment as KVIB vice-chairman that his appointment came to light.It all began about a week ago when the police received a call for help from the occupants of a building near the old office of Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) in Kaiserbagh. When the police reached the building, they find a motorcade, including a red beacon fitted care, parked outside the premises. The caller told the police that a politician had come and warned them to vacate the premises or face dire consequences.Police found that a close relative of minister Rajaram Pandey had bought the said building in partnership with Natwarlal Goel. While Pandey and Goel had allegedly managed to evict some occupants, a few families were unwilling to vacate the premises where they have staying for over three decades. However, when the police found that it was Goel who had come to threaten the occupants, they developed a cold fold.Senior police officers tried to cross check with the CM Secretariat regarding Goel's appointment as KVIB vice-chairman but couldn't. They, however, managed to convince Geol to leave the site. Though the incident failed to catch the attention of the state top brass, the news of Goel's appointment appeared in a section of the local press.These reports came as a shocker to the chief minister who ordered his secretariat to find out the fact. The CM reportedly expressed displeasure after learning that Goel's appointment was done by minister Raja Ram Pandey. Though Pandey is yet to meet the CM to offer an explanation, some senior party leaders are believed to have pulled him for his audacity. TOI tried to contact the minister for his comments but he was unavailable.Raja Ram Pandey, 56, is a known party hopper and contested the 2012 assembly election on a Samajwadi Party ticket from Bishwanathganj in Pratapgarh. He defeated Bahujan Samaj Party candidate Sindhuja Mishra Senani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13042100", "title": "Pune have task cut out against Rajasthan", "text": "PUNE: A fortnight can be a long time in the IPL. Team Pune know that only too well, because the last time they tasted victory was on April 21 against Delhi. Since then they have lost five games in a row and have slipped to eighth place in the standings.The defeats include the narrow one-run loss to Mumbai and a nerve-wracking game against Kolkata, not to mention the ignominy of being the only team to go down - and twice at that - to this season's punching bags Hyderabad.After a promising start to the season when they won the opening two matches, suddenly a playoff berth seems a mirage. With only four matches to go in the league stage, Sourav Ganguly's men have their task cut out. The hype preceding the tie against Kolkata in Kolkata is bound to take a mental toll on the players. It will require a Herculean effort from the team to bounce back from such a draining defeat.The team's energetic medium pacer Ashok Dinda sounded upbeat, though. \"Anything is possible. We have to win just four matches in a row,\" he said in a Steve Waugh-like manner. \"T20 is such a format where winning becomes a habit. One win can energize you and give you the momentum.\"Rajasthan will be aware of that, having snapped their own four-match losing streak with a convincing 43-run win over Punjab in their last game. \"Yes, that win has certainly given us the advantage of having the momentum,\" said Rajasthan pacer Siddharth Trivedi.The architect of that victory was Shaun Tait, whose express pace will be a threat to the stuttering Pune lineup.Like last year, the hosts have failed to chase modest totals. Dinda, however, refused to blame the batsmen for the team's predicament. \"For a team to win, all three departments have to do well together. Some of the games we lost we must have won,\" he said. But in the same breath, Dinda dealt a blow to the team's hopes, revealing he was a doubtful starter due to a recurring side strain.Rajasthan's batting looks comparatively formidable with Shane Watson and Ajinkya Rahane at the top. That could prove to be the difference between the two sides. Throw in the method captaincy of Rahul Dravid and the spontaneous one of Ganguly, the contrast between the teams is complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13043464", "title": "Nilambur unites to protect 200-year-old tree", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Nilambur is witnessing a unique protest to save a 200-year-old tree from the clutches of the illegal sand-mining mafia. A group of social activists and environmentalists in Karulai have already approached the revenue and forest department officials with demands to protect the Irumbakam (Hopea Parviflora) tree.The tree, on the banks of Karimpuzha river at Kallamthode Mukku, is an endemic plant variety, which was included in the International Union of Conservation of Nature's red list of threatened species. Recently, the locals also formed a new forum Karimpuzha Theerasamrakshana Samithi with 35 special committee members to protect the tree.Mathew S Nilambur, president of the forum, said the organization will launch a mass protest in the coming days demanding the preservation of the tree. \"We will approach forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar, forest range officer, and revenue department Officials with the demand in the coming days,\" he said. Fr. Paul Jacob of Palankara Marthoma Church, who is actively involved in the movement to protect the tree, said the government departments come forward to protect the tree.However, Sunil Kumar, forest range officer, Karulai, said the department cannot take any action to protect the tree as the area does not come under the jurisdiction of the forest range office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13043399", "title": "Toxic pesticide lindane harmful to fish too", "text": "KOCHI: Toxic pesticides dumped in water bodies affect not only the water we drink, but also the fish we eat.Researchers at School of Marine Sciences, Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat), conducted a study on the effects of sub-lethal concentration of pesticide lindane in fish.Their study revealed that the protein content in fish exposed to pesticides such as lindane comes down drastically.This is a matter of concern as fish is one of the main sources of protein and is often recommended by dieticians as a health food. Moreover, lindane is a pesticide banned in many countries.\"Even in India, many restrictions have been imposed on using lindane. But farmers here seem to use it illegally,\" said S Bijoy Nandan, the professor who led the study.In humans, exposure to a huge quantity of lindane can harm the nervous system, leading to symptoms such as headache, dizziness, seizures and convulsions. The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) has classified lindane as a group 2B 'possible' human carcinogen.The study carried out on fish varieties like etroplus maculates or orange chromide found that when exposed to toxic concentrations of lindane, their gills, liver and kidney get damaged - they become hyper-active and restless, and movements such as burst swimming, jerking, partial jerking and darting increase.\"Lindane is harmful to the ornamental fish, E. maculates, even at sub-lethal concentrations. Using this pesticide in farms close to water bodies is a threat to aquatic life,\" said Nandan.E. maculates is found in Indian freshwaters, including all major water bodies in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042165", "title": "Court takes cognizance of tiger deaths", "text": "NAGPUR: The High Court here has taken serious cognizance of killing of tiger in the buffer zone of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) using jaw traps last Friday. A division bench of justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale issued notice to state government on the matter. The court's action came after lawyer CS Kaptan displayed four photographs and media reports regarding killing of a sub-adult tiger and serious injury to a full grown big cat after being caught in the traps. Citing forest officials, the media reports highlighted that Bawariya type jaw traps were used to poach tigers in Palasgaon range of TATR's buffer zone.HC notice to chief secyThe Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court has issued notice to state chief secretary and forest department over suo motu petition based on media reports of saw mills' permission being renewed illegally. A division bench of justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale asked the respondents to reply by June 18. During last hearing, the court had appointed Deven Chauhan as amicus curiae and he prepared a detailed petition. He pointed out that instances of renewal of saw mill licenses were quite contrary to Supreme Court's complete prohibition to grant of such permissions. He contended that several licences that were renewed had expired 10 to 15 years back. In one case, the licence was renewed 28 years after its expiry. Chauhan termed entire process as fraudulent one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043221", "title": "Heavy security leaves Writers' staff miffed", "text": "KOLKATA: The unprecedented security arrangements made at Writers' Buildings for Hillary Clinton's visit left the secretariat staff miffed and 'harassed' on Monday. Many complained that the personnel on duty were confused on how to handle security.There was no special instruction for the Writers' staff to come in early and so they arrived according to schedule. The road in front of Writers' was closed since morning and employees were asked to enter through gate numbers one, three and six. After 10.30am, gate number one was also closed.A section of employees complained that they were harassed by the securitymen. With most employees arriving on time by 10am, there were long queues at the gates.\"I stood in the queue for quite some time. The queue was long as security personnel were asking us to show our identity cards. I was just about to get into the lift to reach my room on the third floor when the security officers asked me to step down as one of the ministers along with a few of his security guards entered through the gate and got into the lift. It was extremely insulting. I have never faced such harassment. I had to wait again for a long time for the lift to come down. There was no initiative from the security personnel to ensure that the lift came down immediately after the minister had used it,\" complained Bharati Ghosh Maity, president of the Association of West Bengal Secretariat Assistants and section officer in the agriculture department.Many other employees also complained of similar harassment. \"We always carry our identity cards, but the security personnel today asked us to show it several times as we were standing in the queue. It seemed they themselves did not know how to manage the security arrangements. It is understood that there will be unprecedented security arrangements as this is the first time such a high-profile VVIP, that too of Hillary Clinton's stature, came down to Writers'. But security could have been better managed,\" felt another employee. It took some time for normal movement inside Writers' to resume even after Hillary's convoy left.Those who came late, that is reached office past 11:30am, were luckier. They did not face any inconvenience. The first and second floor corridors were closed from both ends and there was no scope for any Writers' staff, except officials of the CMO and security personnel, to have a glance of Hillary and the six other members of her delegation.Outside Writers', there was a scurry among the public to have a glimpse of the former US first lady and people lined up on either side of BB Ganguly Road. However, nobody was allowed to venture in front of Writers' till Hillary left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13045418", "title": "Hum sab ko aman ki asha hai, says Hina Rabbani Khar", "text": "LAHORE: Can fast-tracking trade relations between India and Pakistan and accelerating economic ties without simultaneously trying to resolve long-standing political disputes , work? The answer emerging at the end of Day 1 of the 2nd Indo-Pak economic conference was nuanced.While industry leaders want trade to be de-linked now from the political track and accelerated , so that over time the economic dividend would translate into a peace dividend, voices emerged about the need to pursue a political resolution with equal vigour.Pakistan high commissioner to India Shahid Malik said boosting economic ties \"in the short term will lead to a surge in bilateral trade, in the long term, it can be sustained only by political harmony.\"A point made by Maleeha Lodhi, former envoy of Pakistan to the US and UK. Chairing the session: 'Peace dividends of trade,' she said as long as there's a huge trust deficit in both countries, it is highly probable for Indo-Pak relations , especially economic ones, to be hijacked by \"an accident or incident\" .Pakistan's foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar said her government was absolutely committed to a \"peace dividend in South Asia ,\" and that \"hum sab ko aman ki asha hai\" . She said while \"trade alone may not solve the problem of Jammu and Kashmir , or that of Siachen, trade does unlock some doors...Trade will help dilute bitterness between the two countries.\"Khar said while some irksome trade issues lingered, what she termed discriminatory investment and trade practices targeted at Pakistani investors, her government was \"committed to improving trade relations\" with India. The question to ask is: \"Has the approach of the two countries for 60-odd years worked in resolving important issues? The answer is an emphatic no.\" Thus both nations must reject the \"war dividend\" for a peace dividend, she said.Terrorism a regional problem: KharTerror unleashed by non-state players should be seen as a regional problem and there should be a paradigm shift in how it's viewed, said Pakistan foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar. She said nobody has suffered more from terror than Pakistan. It has lost more lives than most others and seen the destruction of immense property from terror", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13043575", "title": "Gold heist in the heart of city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars broke into the office of a jewellery maker at Domalguda and escaped with 3.5 kilos of gold and diamonds worth Rs 2.71 crore.The incident happened at the office of RSR Jewellers Private Limited located on the first floor of a three-storied building in Street Number 1, Domalguda. RSR Jewellers is jointly owned by one Sudheer and his sister Naga Jayashree. They take orders from jewellery stores and individuals to make ornaments.The thieves gained entry into the jeweller's office by breaking open the main door lock and took away a locker containing 3.5 kilos of gold and some diamond sets.The burgalars also targeted offices of a biotech firm and an interior decorator in the three-storied building. Burglars first broke the lock of the interior decorator's office located on the third floor and took away some steel taps. Subsequently, they broke into the jeweller's office and walked away with the safe weighing nearly 25 kilos. \"We suspect that they might have tried to break open the locker, but failed to do so and decided to take it away. It's a biometric locker which opens with the thumb impression of only the two owners,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Central Zone, Tarun Joshi said.All the offices in the building remained closed on Sunday and the incident came to light when store attender Shiva Kumar reached the premises to clean up the corridor on Monday at around 8.30 am.Police said that there were no CCTV cameras at the office where the burglary took place and the building did not even have a regular watchman.\"Looking at the modus operandi, we suspect that more then one person participated in the offence and they appear to be small-time thieves who happened to have stumbled on a big booty. We have managed to collect finger and foot prints from the spot and efforts are on to find a match,\" the DCP said. Police booked a case under section 457/380 (Burglary) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13044675", "title": "New admission calendar for unaided schools", "text": "BANGALORE: The government issued a new admission calendar for the unaided schools (except minorities) on Monday to incorporate the 25% quota for the economically weaker section (EWS).According to the circular, all private schools should declare the number of seats under RTE quota by May 10. Application forms can be submitted till May 25. The schools should select the students between May 30 and June 5. The Block Education Officer will approve the final list on June 10. All the BEOs have been instructed by the department to ensure the implementation of the calendar. This would mean that the classes for this 25% might be delayed by at least 15 days.Meanwhile, the government has drawn up the reservation chart on who the EWS would be. \"It's ready and will be implemented soon. The government order will be issued immediately. I have briefed the cabinet and it has agreed in principle to implement the Act,\" said Vishweshwar Hedge Kageri, minister for primary and secondary education.According to officials, the 25% would be divided into the disadvantaged group and weaker section. The disadvantaged group will comprise scheduled caste/tribe, backward class, migrants, orphans and others. To qualify to be a weaker section, the income limit should be less than Rs 3.5 lakh per annum, which is the same as the creamy layer of the backward class. The ratio between them would be declared soon. The number of minority schools would also be determined in a day's time.At the cabinet meeting, some ministers expressed doubts about the landmark legislation. \"Some wanted to know what does 'minorities' mean as per the Act. Some were apprehensive that the implementation of the Act would mean closure of government schools, especially in the rural areas. But the education minister explained to them that it was a good legislation which would benefit the weaker sections,'' law minister S Suresh Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042169", "title": "172 pretend to be partially blind for teachers\u2019 job", "text": "MUMBAI: After 600 teachers in Yavatmal were found to have feigned hearing impairment to avoid transfers, it has been discovered that 172 people in Akola had submitted fake medical certificates, claiming to be partially blind, to secure assistant teachers' jobs in the physically handicapped quota.Then chief executive officer of the Akola zilla parishad, Ashwini Joshi, on Monday confirmed that some assistant teachers had submitted forged documents to get appointments in the handicapped quota. \"During my tenure, a large number of teachers were suspended after it was confirmed that they had submitted forged medical certificates,\" Joshi, now controller of rationing in Mumbai, said. A senior medical education department said after a probe, the government had held an ophthalmology professor of Yavatmal government medical college responsible for the \"malpractice\". \"We are issuing a chargesheet to him. During the relevant period, the professor was the chairman of the medical board, but he was later removed,\" the official said.A former dean of the medical college said there seemed to be procedural lapses during re-check of certificates. \"It is a routine practice to constitute an independent medical board to verify suspicious cases and the board should not be from the same revenue division. But here, all the controversial certificates were referred to the same medical college for a check,\" he said.In 2010-11 academic year, the government's special drive to recruit assistant teachers in the physically handicapped category received positive response as all assistant teachers. During the scrutiny, it was found that many had submitted medical certificates, claiming to be partially blind. According to rules, if the disability is more than 40%, a candidate is considered physically challenged, making him/her eligible for the quota. \"In most cases, the certificates were issued by the ophthalmology professor, who certified the candidates as partially blind, but fit for teaching. On verification, some certificates were found to be fake,\" the official said. Following the lead of a bureaucrat, an FIR was lodged. \"The police summoned all members of the medical board and recorded their statements. A criminal case has been registered,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042423", "title": "Kid tormentors on the prowl in city", "text": "JAIPUR: Love thy neighbour but at your own peril.At a time when reports of close relatives, friends and neighbours abusing children are finding more space in the newspapers, parents have been left wondering and worrying about the safety and security of their wards.Nearly a fortnight ago, a three-and-a-half year old girl was abducted by her maternal uncle and his friends for money.In this case, though the accused had not sexually abused the child, the incident nevertheless sent shockwaves across the city with parents, especially working ones, worrying about who to trust their children with.Manisha Sharma, a mother of two and teacher at a private school says, \"For working parents, the situation's become very difficult. We need to earn to make both ends meet, but at the end of the day we are scared whether we have to pay a high premium for this. Leaving your child behind even with the nanny is not safe. In connivance, the person might harm your kid. The situation worsens if we get transferred to other cities where we don't get the support of our family members.\"Manisha's worries are echoed by banker Ashok Saxena who says the increase in number of child abuse incidents has left parents petrified and helpless. \"My colleague's child recently underwent such a trauma and we are all living in fear. We are helpless and clueless.\"The changing social fabric where family values are deteriorating and crime 'thrills' many, experts say the trend is disturbing.\"This kind of behaviour can be attributed to the type of serials, movies being telecast on TV. People lap up serials like 'Crime Patrol' and sometimes for a 'sick' mind these portrayals can wreak havoc in the society,\" says Dr S K Garg, Jaipur-based psychiatrist.A person with a history of abuse can also at times take to abusing others, especially children. \"Some of them have suffered abuse as a child and therefore, don't consider it as abnormal,\" says Dr Shiv Gautam, a leading psychiatrist in the city.While reporting such instances is the first step towards checking the trend, being aware and cautious also helps.\"It is an alarming situation. Kids are vulnerable are not safe with even their nears and dears ones. I think parents should be vigilant and should always remain with kids, especially till the age of four. Likewise, kids above five years of age should be provided with phone numbers of their home, school and nearby police station,\" says B L Soni, commissioner of police.Being open with the children and telling them how to deal with such situations is another step towards checking such incidents in future.\"It's very important to train childen well so that they don't fall prey to child abuse. A child should be told not to allow anyone to come close, or even place a hand on his/her shoulder,\" advices Rama Dutt, principal, Sanskar School.Dutt feels it is a combined responsibility of parents as well as schools to take care of a child. \"In our classes, we take up various situations to teach students how to deal with them,\" adds Dutt.In the end, however, more than anyone else it is the parents who need to be more cautious about leaving their children with their neighbour or friend or a close relative.\"The times are bad and one can't really predict how one's mind would work. I ought to have implicit faith in someone before I leave my child with him,\" says Cheena Puri, a mother to a nine-year-old boy and a two-and-a-half year-old girl, and English lecturer at Rajasthan University.(With inputs from Ashish Mehta)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13044039", "title": "'Power' dragons make Vadodara their battleground", "text": "VADODARA: Two 'power' dragons who are already competitors in China are making Vadodara their battleground to gain share in India's growing power sector.Tebian Electric Apparatus Stock Co. Ltd (TBEA) and Baoding Tianwei Baodian Electric Co. (TWBB) - the two biggest players in China's transmission field, will now compete with each other from Vadodara.If TBEA (India) Private Limited is investing Rs 2,500 crore for manufacturing transformers at Karjan where it is developing TBEA Green Energy Park with ultra high voltage transformer plant, TWBB on Monday formally incorporated its joint venture (JV) with Anand-based Atlanta Electricals Private Limited for setting up a transformer factory on Padra-Jambusar Road with Rs 400 crore investment.Both these Chinese firms are making Vadodara their base while targeting the growing business opportunities in India as demand for ultra high voltage transformers is rising.\" Yes , we are competitors not only in China but also at global level,\" Jiao Zihe, director of BTW Atlanta Transformers India Private Limited, the JV between TWBB and Atlanta Electricals Private Limited told TOI on Monday. \"In China's transmission sector, we (TBEA and TWBB) are biggest players. We are competitors but also co-operate with each other. Also, presence of a lot of suppliers will be good for overall development of the sector and benefit consumers in India,\" said Zihe.BTW Atlanta Transformers India Private Limited has been formed with majority stake (51%) of TWBB, a subsidiary of Baoding Tianwei Group Company Limited which has annual turnover of Rs 14,000 crore and 18,000 employees in its 40 subsidiaries. Atlanta Electricals Private Limited which has Rs 210 crore annual turnover will have 49 percent stake in the JV.Through the JV a transformer factory to manufacture ultra high voltage transformers and reactors in the range of 220 Kv to 765 Kv class (to be expanded to 1200 Kv class in future) with the annual capacity of 20,000 Mega Volt Ampere (MVA) will be set up.\"It is a completely green field project that will generate employment of 500 persons, most of which are likely to be from Gujarat,\" said director Niral Patel, adding that land for the project has been acquired at Ankhi village where construction will start from June 2012 and it will go for commercial production by May 2013.The company is expecting to reach sales of over Rs 1,000 crore per annum in a short period after commencement of commercial production. \"Demand for ultra high voltage transformers is growing in the country as the XI five year plan itself envisages a total addition of 85 Gigawatt (GW) of electricity to the installed capacity,\" added Patel.It is worth mentioning here that the transmission sector is likely to see investment of Rs 2.5 trillion in the XII Plan period with Rs 4 trillion going towards power distribution projects. It is estimated that business purely from transmission projects is Rs 37,500 crore in the XII Plan period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13043130", "title": "Court pulls up Bangalore Development Authority, cancels civic amenity site allotment", "text": "BANGALORE: Pulling up the Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) for 'arbitrariness' in allotment of a civic amenity (CA) site, the high court recently set aside the civic body's notification and directed it to stick to the principles enunciated in the BDA Act as well as rules governing such allotments. The court rapped the BDA for allotting the site meant for a 'community hall' to a non-applicant for construction of a 'maternity home'.\"Once the BDA offered the civic amenity site, by the process of advertisement under section 3(3) of its Act, it cannot jettison the process and allot the site to a non-applicant. The civic amenity site allotment committee has a limited role and no power to withdraw the site from allotment notification,\" observed Justice AN Venugopala Gowda, while allowing a petition filed by Vokkaligara Sangha, Bangalore.The judge set aside BDA's May 8, 2009 order by which it had allotted a site at Nagarabhavi Layout, II Stage, II Block, in favour of Mitra Vrunda Youth Association. \"An allotment made by BDA, contrary to rules, has to be termed arbitrary, discriminatory and an act of favouritism,\" the judge observed.The court has directed BDA to decide all the applications within three months.THE CASEVokkaligara Sangha had sought a civic amenity site pursuant to a BDA notification issued on January 31, 2009, offering 100 civic amenity sites all over the city. CA site No 1, Nagarabhavi Layout, II Stage, II Block, was one among them. The petitioner-association had applied for CA sites on February 28, 2009, the last date for application, for construction of a community hall. Interestingly, the civic amenity site allotment committee met on February 16, 2009, and resolved that the Nagarabhavi site will not be available for allotment.Mitra Vrunda Association, which was allotted a CA site at Railwaymen House Building Cooperative Society, Mallathahalli Extension, on February 2, 2008, approached BDA for an alternative site. It claimed that the one allotted to them was unsuitable as no proper access roads were there for their proposed maternity home.BDA first allotted a portion of the Nagarabhavi site to Mitra Vrunda and later gave the entire site by way of its May 8, 2009 notification. Vokkaligara Sangha was allotted a civic amenity site at Karnataka Gruha Nirmana Sahakara Sangha Layout meant for the Institute for Research and Development. Vokkaligara Sangha, which grew suspicious, appro-ached BDA seeking allotment of the Nagarabhavi site. As no reply was forthcoming, they filed an application under RTI. When it was revealed that the site had already been allotted to Mitra Vrunda, the Sangha moved the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042378", "title": "Cong suspends scheduled party functions after Bharatpur violence", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) on Monday suspended its remaining three divisional-level workshops scheduled this month at Jaipur, Kota and Udaipur without citing any reasons.Party sources said the decision was taken to press for strict and prompt action against PCC member and former parliamentarian Vishvendra Singh , who is accused of leading a youngsters' gang that bashed up senior party leaders at a similar workshop held at Bharatpur on May 5.Earlier in the day, the PCC chief Chandrabhan told reporters that indiscipline in the party had 'increased' and it was getting difficult for the state unit to function under these circumstances. \"Indiscipline in the party is increasing. I have brought this to the party high command's notice and asked that such people be summoned and spoken to,\" Chandrabhan said.Last week also the PCC chief told media that the central leadership ought to make its stand \"clear\" on leaders damaging the party through acts of indiscipline.Except for the Bharatpur one, the workshops for local parliamentarians, legislators and party workers at Bikaner (March 28), Jodhpur (March 29) and Ajmer (March 30) had gone off peacefully. Considering the Bharatpur incident as grave, since the violence was committed in the presence of the PCC chief and a couple of ministers, the state unit swiftly sent a 'factual report' about it to the Union minister and party affairs' in-charge for Rajasthan Mukul Wasnik with a demand for action against the guilty.The PCC chief reiterated on Monday that the violence at the party function in Bharatpur was like a \"terror attack\" and illustrated the \"height of indiscipline\". On being asked if the party state president lacked powers to act against undisciplined leaders, Chandrabhan replied, \"I have to follow the party's set procedure. Any action has to follow the high command's directions.\"The PCC headquarter, on the other hand, was abuzz with reports that the former Bharatpur MP, Singh, could not have acted unilaterally and a senior Congress leader from the state was behind the 'preplanned' attack. Since Singh criticised the PCC chief and demanded his resignation soon after the violence at the party workshop on May 5, a section of the ruling party believes the attack was planned to target Chandrabhan who was lately being seen as siding with one of the warring factions within the state unit.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot and Union minister CP Joshi's initial reaction to not comment on the Bharatpur incident when asked by reporters on May 6 was also talked about in hushed voices at the PCC headquarters on Monday. Gehlot, though, attempted a damage control as his press advisor called up reporters later that night to say that the chief minister condemned the violence and found the incident \"unfortunate\".Chandrabhan, however, expressed ignorance if any senior Congress leader was behind the Bharatpur incident. The workshop at Jaipur was planned for May 12, at Kota for May 19 and at Udaipur for May 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13046944", "title": "Statistical highlights of Delhi Daredevils-Kolkata Knight Riders IPL match", "text": "NEW DELHI: Statistical highlights of the Indian Premier League match between Kolkata Knight Riders and Delhi Daredevils played at the Ferozeshah Kotla Stadium on Monday.# Kolkata Knight Riders have won six games in a row for the first time in the IPL.# With 17 points, Kolkata Knight Riders (won eight and lost three out of 12 played in the IPL 2012 (NR 1)) are placed at the top in the points table, displacing Delhi Daredevils.# Delhi Daredevils have won eight and lost three out of eleven contested in the present edition. With 16 points, they are placed at the second position in the points table.# Delhi Daredevils have won 36 and lost 31 out of 68 played in the IPL overall (NR 1) - winning % 53.73.# Kolkata Knight Riders have won four and lost four out of eight played against Delhi Daredevils in the IPL.# Kolkata's excellent score of 60 for no loss is the highest by any side against Delhi Daredevils in the Powerplay in the IPL 5.# Brendon McCullum (56 off 44 balls) posted his fifth fifty in the IPL - his first in the IPL 5.# McCullum's superb half-century is his first against Delhi Daredevils in the IPL.# Mahela Jayawardene enjoys an excellent record against Kolkata Knight Riders in the IPL - 340 runs at an average of 68.00 in nine games - the highest tally against Kolkata. His runs' tally includes a hundred and two fifties# Morne Morkel has become the second bowler after Lasith Malinga to complete 20 wickets (ave.15.00) in 11 games in the present edition of the IPL.# Irfan Pathan, with 36 off 22 balls, has top-scored for Delhi Daredevils. In seven innings for Delhi Daredevils in the IPL 2012, Pathan has managed 129 runs at an average of 25.80.# Sunil Narine has become the first bowler to bag 15 wickets at 12. 73 in nine matches for Kolkata Knight Riders in the IPL 2012.# Gautam Gambhir has totalled 1932 (ave.34.50) in 66 matches - the second highest tally in the IPL, behind Suresh Raina's tally of 2078 (ave.34.06) in 74 games.# Virender Sehwag (468), Ajinkya Rahane (463), Gautam Gambhir (457) and Chris Gayle (433) are the top run-scorers in the IPL 5.# Sehwag became the first batsman to complete 300 boundaries in the IPL - 222 fours and 78 sixes.# Sehwag is the top run-scorer in the present competition, aggregating 468 runs at an average of 46.80 in eleven games.# Amongst the batsmen with 300 runs in the IPL 5, Sehwag's strike rate of 166. 54 in the best. His overall strike rate (168.82) is extraordinary - the highest in the IPL history (1852 runs (ave.32.49) in 61 games).# Jacques Kallis has taken 10 wickets in eleven games at an average of 24.80 in the IPL 5.# Kallis' figures of 2 for 20 are his best against Delhi Daredevils in the IPL.# Playing in his 100th Twenty20 match, Kallis has received his seventh MOM award - his 12th in Twenty20.# Ross Taylor is yet to perform in the IPL 5, aggregating 107 at an average of 17.83 in eight games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043205", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad to get water from Andra dam", "text": "PUNE: The irrigation department has agreed to give 40 million litres per day (MLD) water from Andra dam to the Pimpri Chinchwad township. The municipal corporation had asked for 100 MLD water.Pimpri-Chinchwad is dependent on Pavana dam for meeting its water needs. The state irrigation department releases water from the dam which is impounded at a bund at Ravet. About 428 MLD raw water is pumped in from Ravet to the water treatment plants at Nigdi where it is treated and supplied as drinking water to the twin township. The civic body has implemented four phases of water supply schemes to treat this water. The phase I has a capacity of 114 MLD, the phase II has 114 MLD capacity while phases III and IV have a capacity of 100 MLD each.The city has a population of 17.5 lakh as per the 2011 census. Considering the growth rate, the PCMC will soon reach the maximum permissible limit of drawing 471 MLD of water from the Pavana river. The civic body had started the work on Pavana dam-Nigdi pipeline project to bring water of the dam directly to the water treatment plants at Nigdi, but the state government stayed it following farmers' protest in Maval last year. This project was expected to increase the availability of water for PCMC as there would have been less loss through percolation or evaporation.The civic body then turned its attention to Andra and Bhama Askhed dams in Maval and Mulshi talukas, located around 40 kms from the city. The civic body has sought 100 MLD water from these dams and made a provision of Rs 40 crore for development of alternative water source.Meanwhile, the civic administration will table a proposal before the standing committee on May 8 seeking permission to allot the contract, without inviting bids, to prepare a feasibility report for bringing water from Bhama Askhed/Andra dams.Municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma and irrigation department officials conducted an inspection of both these dams recently. Irrigation officials said that 40 MLD water could be made available from the Andra dam, depending on the state government's approval. Sharma held a meeting with Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran (MJP) project management advisor on March 21. Accordingly, the MJP will be asked to do feasibility report for payment of Rs 3 lakh without inviting bids. However, this proposal will need approval of the standing committee and the general body.City engineer M T Kamble said, \"The MJP will conduct the technical feasibility study of the project and submit a report to the civic body. There are two options for bringing the water from Andra - through a pipeline or through the Indrayani river which flows along the northern boundary of the municipal limits. The MJP will suggest the best option and give the rough estimate of the expenses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043037", "title": "India, Pakistan home secretaries to meet on May 24-25 in Islamabad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home secretary-level talks between India and Pakistan will take place in Islamabad on May 24-25 when the two countries are expected to sign a liberalized visa agreement. The Indian side will also press for action against perpetrators of the 26/11 terror attacks including Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) founder Hafiz Saeed.The new visa agreement, if signed, will allow 'certified' businessmen from both the sides to get one year multiple-entry 'non-police reporting' visas. It will also allow them to visit five cities instead of three at present.The new visa regime will also benefit elderly people from both sides as they will be exempt from police reporting. The Union Cabinet had given its nod for signing the pact on April 25.Home minister P Chidambaram had said last week he hoped that the pact to have a liberalized visa regime would be signed during the talks besides taking forward confidence building measures (CBMs).\"I think the liberalized visa regime can be signed if the Pakistani side is ready. Our Cabinet has approved it. Then we can talk about trade-related matters, we can talk about CBMs along the LoC ... I am optimistic,\" he had said.The bilateral meeting will be held amid renewed engagement between India and Pakistan. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had hosted a lunch for Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on April 8 when the latter was in India on a private visit.Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai had said that when the PM broached the issue of action against 26/11 perpetrators and activities of Saeed with Zardari, the Pakistani president had suggested that further discussion on Saeed was required and since the home secretaries of the two countries would be meeting, the issue could be taken up at that time.Officials said the Indian side will hand over a copy of the chargesheet filed by NIA in December last year against serving and retired Pakistani army officers, including from ISI, for their roles in terror acts.Besides visa issues and terrorism, both the sides will also hold deliberations on matters concerning drug trafficking, printing/circulation of fake Indian currency notes and release of prisoners and fishermen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044274", "title": "Growing number of men take to self-immolation", "text": "CHENNAI: An increasing number of men are choosing self-immolation as a means of committing suicide. Of the 1,300 deaths due to burns reported at the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital (KMCH) in 2011, nearly 230 were men who killed themselves. The previous year, 150 men had committed self-immolation. This is a shift in the trend of men hanging themselves. There is a 25-30% increase in the number of men committing suicide, police said.Going by NCRB statistics, nearly 384 men ended their life by self-immolation in 2005. The number went up to 863 in 2010. \"It is a dangerous trend,\" says Dr Lakshmi Vijayakumar, consultant psychiatrist, Voluntary Health Services and founder of Sneha Suicide Prevention Centre. \"After meeting many people, I believe that the reason for men taking the extreme step by self-immolation is the easy availability of fuel and a matchbox. In some cases, men become victims while trying to rescue women who set themselves afire,\" said Vijayakumar, who is also a member of World Health Organisation (WHO) for International Network for Suicide Prevention &amp; Research.Confirming the figures, Dr V Jayaraman, head of the burns ward in KMCH, says of the trend is disturbing. \"Many of the victims claim they wanted to kill themselves due to poverty or joblessness. Some of them claim they scored less mark and a few others blame love failure,\" Dr Jayaraman said. In 2011, there were at least 3,000 more men and women admitted in KMCH for burn injuries. Of them, nearly 1,500 men and women succumbed to their injuries. \"When someone has more than 42 % burns, it is difficult to rescue them,\" Jayaraman said. Doctors calculate the burns percentage by measuring the area of burn.Experts attribute self-immolation among women to a psychological link to the ancient practice of 'Sati,' when a widow jumped into her husband's pyre. Going by crime statistics, no man in the state had committed suicide by self immolation till 1970s. After that, many men had been committed self-immolation for political reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13043379", "title": "B Com tally on steady rise in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A bachelors degree in commerce is gradually emerging as the most-preferred choice for students and colleges are now adding seats to accommodate the growing number of students interested in the course.Students are increasingly lapping up the various innovative courses that have been designed around the B Com curricula and college authorities report that they have noted a steady rise in demand for courses like B Com Computers along with the regular B Com degree. \"The number of applications received for the many B Com courses has been increasing by at least 15% every year for the last three to four years,\" said Y Ashok, principal of Bhavans Vivekananda College.\"Especially for B Com Computers, the ratio of seats to applicants is 1:7 while for B Com General it is 1:3 and these figures are definitely on the rise. Due to huge demand, in 2010 we doubled the number of seats for B Com Computers to 100,\" the principal added. He said that there were several students who would just sign up for the B Com general course hoping that some space is freed up in the B Com Computers programme.The soaring demand for B Com Computers is evident from the enrolment figures at Loyola Degree College which introduced the course in 2010-11. In the first year itself, the course managed to beat all other B Com courses like B Com Honours, B Com Professional and B Com General with 195 applications sold. Next year that number increased to 327. Meanwhile, St Francis College has added seats in all its B Com courses as students end up taking admission in either one of the remaining programmes if seats are unavailable in B Com Computers and B.Com Professional. College authorities said that, last year, B Com seats had filled up within two hours after opening of admissions.Officials at the Badruka College of Commerce and Arts, among the most preferred colleges for B Com, said that the ratio of seats to applicants for B Com Computers is 1:5 with the number of applicants going up by 25% every year. B Com apart, it is BA Mass Communication which is steadily gaining in appeal among students with city colleges registering a rise in the number of applicants for the course. And, now, more colleges are adding the course to their prospectus.While officials from Villa Marie College said that there had been a 25% yearly increase in applicants for B A Mass Communication for the past three years, St Francis College reports a 30% rise in the demand for the course. St Mary's College Yousufguda had started the course in 2004 with only 14 students whereas, now, it receives hundreds of applications. B Com Computers, B Com General and BA Mass Communication have thus been found to be hogging the top three spots insofar as demand among students is concerned but are facing a strong challenge from the Bachelors in Business Administration (BBA) course which, too, is rapidly gaining in popularity.A total of five colleges in the city introduced the course last year with two more planning to do so this year. St Francis College had started a Bachelors in Management Studies (BMS) programme, a course designed along similar lines, four years back and it is currently the most sought after degree with the ratio of seats to applicants being 1:10. Group discussions have been introduced to screen candidates for this course.Talking about the reason behind the sky-rocketing demand for these courses, Fr Emmanuel, principal, Loyola Degree College, said: \"Nowadays students look for courses which offer better employment prospects. Courses like B Com, BBA and Mass Communication have very wide scope when it comes to job opportunities. That is why an increasing number of students who have studied MPC or BPC in their Intermediate or class XI and XII are shifting to these streams.\" Officials at city colleges state that each year they see around 200 to 400 students from science background seeking admission in B Com, BA Mass Communication or BBA courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043783", "title": "Bomb prank creates panic at city school", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tension spread at a school near K G Marg in central Delhi on Monday when parents found a \"modem-shaped\" box with the word 'bomb' written on it on the school's boundary wall close to the main entrance.Mehta Vidyalaya - located inside the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan complex - was evacuated immediately. The bomb disposal squad declared the school safe after searching the premises for two hours.The school authorities handled the situation wisely and classes got over according to the normal schedule. Police received a call from the school authorities about the \"plastic box\" around 7.30am.\"Prima facie, the plastic container contained a mother board of a video game. It has two pamphlets pasted on it. The one in Hindi was written in Arabic scripts, which said 'Dhund sako to dhund lo (find out if you can)' while the other written in English talked of Taliban planting the bombs. As the note also mentioned six other bombs on the school premises, we searched the whole school before giving the safety clearance,'' said additional commissioner of police (New Delhi) K C Dwivedi.Rewati Rau, a parent who came to drop her child to school, said the kindergarten class, where her child studies, was evacuated.\"The bomb disposal squad cordoned off the area and for the next one hour, my husband and I spent several anxious moments. We also saw the two pamphlets and were worried. But the cops reassured us that our children were in safe hands,'' said Rau.Police said the \"hoax\" was probably planned by a student. \"We are trying to find out who played the prank. We are in touch with the school authorities,'' said an officer from the Tilak Marg police station which is handling the investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13045392", "title": "Ringside view", "text": "Visa PowerIf there was a theme that dominated the first day of the Indo-Pak business conference, was the four-letter word: visa. Speakers from both sides of the border were at pain to point out that MFN, FDI would remain useless acronyms unless businesspersons from either side could meet each other easily.Poetic TouchSpeaker after speaker quoted 'shayari' to buttress the fact that India and Pakistan need to trade more with each other. Pakistan PM Gilani quoted a couplet he had penned in college in Lahore . Adi Godrej quoted Alexander Pope and Sunil Munjal, his uncle. Einstein and Edmund Burke found mention too.Missing 'K' WordConspicuously absent at the most high-profile meeting of businesspeople from India Pakistan ever, was the 'K' word. Nobody uttered it. The businesspersons naturally didn't say it. But neither did the high profile politicos and bureaucrats present. It does look as though Indo-Pak relationship will finally enter two-track mode with the economic track running independently of the political one.Numbers GameWhat is the potential size of the Indo-Pak trade in the near term? Depends on your optimism and how you can spin the numbers. Speakers came up with figures ranging from $5-billion to $10-billion , $12 billion to the massively optimistic $15-billion . For the record , the current figure stands at $2.7-billion .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13043834", "title": "John Abraham won\u2019t go to jail for rash driving", "text": "MUMBAI: The bad news for Bollywood actor John Abraham was that the Bombay high court on Monday held him guilty of rash driving in an April 2006 case.The good news is that he will not have to spend time in jail.Though the judge, Justice R C Chavan, said it was a case of \"rash driving\", he altered John's 15-day prison term and ordered that the actor be released on probation.\"The applicant can be given benefit of the Probation of Offenders Act and can be released on probation on his furnishing of a bond of Rs 10,000,\" said Justice Chavan. The court also directed the actor to pay within a week a compensation of Rs 10,000 to each of the two people he had injured.Under the law, if an offence is not punishable with death or imprisonment for life, a convict can be released on probation for good conduct.The court considered the background of the actor and that he did not have any criminal antecedents. But John will have to ensure that he is not arrested for any offence during the probation period.The court refused to overturn judgments delivered by two lower courts that held the actor guilty. \"It is the responsibility of the driver to see to it that the vehicle is under his control at all times so as to avoid such sudden accidents. It cannot be said that the lower court's order of conviction was incorrect. There is no ground made out to set aside the conviction,\" Justice Chavan said.The victims and their families filed an affidavit that they had reached an out-of-court settlement with John and said they had no objection to the conviction being set aside. The high court, however, refused to quash the conviction and said that settlement between the parties could not be done after an accused had undergone a trial and conviction had been upheld by the sessions court.John was involved in an accident when his motorcycle rammed into a cycle carrying Tanmay Majhi and Shyam Kasbe on April 8, 2006. The actor got the two victims admitted in a municipal hospital in Bandra.The Khar police booked John under sections 279 and 337 of the IPC for rash and negligent driving. Kasbe died two years later due to TB.On October 14, 2010, an additional chief metropolitan magistrate in Bandra convicted John and fined him Rs 1,500. The actor moved the sessions court and challenged the verdict. On March 3, 2012 a sessions court Judge N V Nhavkar upheld the lower court order and also sentenced John to 15 days in prison. John rushed to the high court the same day and filed an appeal. He was released on a bail of Rs 20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/new delhi", "code": "13044742", "title": "Amicus curiae: Prosecute Narendra Modi for Gulbarga massacre", "text": "AHMEDABAD/NEW DELHI: Rejecting the Special Investigation Team's conclusion that there was no prosecutable evidence against Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , Supreme Court-appointed amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran on Monday stated in his final report that there was prima facie a case against Modi.The SIT had filed its closure report last September on the complaint filed by Zakia Jafri - a survivor of the Gulbarga Society massacre in which 69 people were killed - against Modi. Ramachandran's report, along with SIT's, was handed over on Monday to Zakia Jafri, whose husband and ex-MP Ehsan Jafri, too, was killed on February 28, 2002.Reacting to this, senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley said, \"There is no provision under the code of criminal procedure of the Evidence Act for the opinion of a lawyer or an amicus curiae. Investigation is exclusively a police function and not a lawyer's function. Police is trained for investigations but a lawyer is not.\"Ramachandran held Modi responsible for promoting enmity between communities by justifying the violence. He observed that Modi's gesture was not only prejudicial to maintenance of harmony, but also a threat to national integration under sections 153 and 505 of IPC. Punishment under these sections is three years in jail.'No reason to disbelieve Bhatt'While SIT has debunked IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt's claim that he was present at the meeting, Ramachandran has said it was Bhatt's word against other officers' and that this too needs to be looked into by the courts. He added that there was no reason to disbelieve Bhatt's testimony when there is no evidence to prove him false.On the issue of the presence of two Gujarat ministers, IK Jadeja and late Ashok Bhatt, in police control rooms in Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad, the amicus curiae highlighted SIT chairman R K Raghavan's comment that the ministers' presence in control rooms must have had Modi's \"tacit approval\".Ramachandran rejected SIT's conclusion that Modi's speech on March 1, 2002, treating the riots as reaction to Godhra carnage, was not problematic. \"It clearly indicates that there was an attempt to justify the violence against the minority. This indicates a certain approach. The statement made by Modi cannot be seen in isolation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042292", "title": "Two killed as jeep overturns near Ranthambore park", "text": "JAIPUR: A picnic organized by five friends ended on a tragic note when the gypsy in which they were travelling overturned and fell into a 20-feet gorge near Bhoori Pahari area in Sawai Madhopur. Two persons were killed while three others were injured in the accident.The incident took place during the wee hours on Monday. According to the police, three persons, including the driver of the gypsy, were in an inebriated condition. One of them died due to serious head injuries while the other was killed due to broken neck. \"The deceased were identified as Shyam and Hemant,\" said a police officer.Since the area is near the periphery of Ranthambore National Park and the census of tigers was on, initially there were reports that they were part of the census team who had gone to the forest and met with an accident. By the evening, it became clear when Malana Dungar police confirmed that it was an accident outside the park.The confusion was there because all these five friends had hired a gypsy which was quite similar to the vehicle used by wildlife authorities and those which ferry the tourists. \"They had told their parents that they were going to participate in the census which was a lie as they had gone for picnic,\" an officer with Malana Dungar police station said.Field director of Ranthambore Tiger Reserve Rajesh Gupta said that the incident took place outside the park and the victims were no way connected to the census process. It is a case investigated by the local police. \"They were neither wildlife workers nor volunteers at the park.\"\"They were locals who had gone to have a night out. The accident took place outside the park area,\" said superintendent of police, Sawai Madhopur, Param Jyoti on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13045068", "title": "Kidney racket: Half-a-dozen booked, one held", "text": "MOHALI: After conducting a four-month inquiry into the alleged illegal kidney transparent racket, which had two leading hospitals of Mohali -- Silver Oaks and Surya Kidney Hospital -- under the scanner, district police have registered a case against half-a-dozen persons, including some beneficiaries. The hospitals too have been accused of violating the norms pertaining to kidney transplant.A technician with one hospital has been arrested while the inquiry has pointed a finger at a Lucknow-based gang, which used to bring prospective donors from poor families here.\"During the inquiry it was also found that doctors of Silver Oaks and Surya Kidney Hospital, Mohali, had violated the norms of the Transplantation of Human Organs and Tissues Act, 1994,\" claimed SSP (Mohali) GPS Bhullar, in a statement issued on Monday.A 35-year-old technician with Surya Kidney Hospital, Fagu Lal alias Sachin, had been arrested and raids were being conducted for arresting others. Sachin is a resident of Burail village in Sector 45, Chandigarh.The case was registered on the charges of forgery and cheating, and under Section 18, 19A, and 20 of Transplantation of Human Organs and Tissues Act, 1994.Bhullar said some patients and donors, who were permanent residents of Mohali district, were shown as temporary residents of the district while being operating upon illegally in the two hospitals. The SSP said the racket was linked with a Lucknow-based gang whose members used to bring poor and needy people by offering them huge money for providing their kidneys to others in Mohali.The case was registered following the complaint of Ikramudin of Ghaziabad in UP, who was brought to Mohali by a tout Shakeel for donating his kidney to a patient for Rs 2 lakh.Police investigation revealed when Ikramudin was brought to Surya Kidney Hospital, technician Sachin had taken his blood samples and subsequently after accepting money from another accused Amitabh, Sachin had changed the blood samples of Ikramudin with the samples of another person.Police investigation revealed that apart from Ikramudin, there were around 20 persons who were brought to Mohali and their kidneys were removed without even matching their blood samples in a proper way.A special investigation team (SIT) has been constituted for the investigation of this case and a team would be sent to Luchnow in this connection shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13047126", "title": "Responsibility lies with me and Kallis for playoffs: Gambhir", "text": "NEW DELHI: After leading his side to the top with a facile win over Delhi Daredevils, Kolkata Knight Riders skipper Gautam Gambhir said he, along with senior batsman Jacques Kallis, will have to shoulder the responsibility of steering the team to playoff stage.Scorecard | Match in Pics | Watch IPL HighlightsGambhir has been leading from the front by scoring 457 runs so far in the ongoing edition.\"If someone has to change the game, it should be Kallis or me. We don't want (Brendon) McCullum or Yusuf Pathan to change the game. It's our responsibility because we are the experienced guys,\" Gambhir said at the post-match press conference\"You don't want them to stop playing their natural game. The guys like me and Kallis need to change the game and that is what responsibility and experience is all about.\"KKR thrashed Delhi Daredevils by six wickets in a lopsided contest here last night to emerge as the table leaders in the IPL. They now have 17 points and are almost assured of a place in the knock-out stage.Gambhir said his team is playing in the IPL not just to compete but win matches.\"For me, every game is tough and important. When I go on to the field, I just want to win the match. It's not about competing in the IPL, it's about winning every time. I always look to win matches because you don't want to go back to the dressing room on a losing note. You want to go happy and for that feeling to come, you have to win matches.\"We have some quality players in the dressing room. Someone like Kallis, who is such a legend of the game. Brendon McCullum and Brett Lee are also there. When you have such players, you don't need to motivate them. They all are thorough professionals. One thing important for us is that we need to play well as a unit,\" he said.An aggressive approach to batting has been the success mantra for KKR skipper Gambhir.\"I've been hitting the ball well this season. You need to be aggressive in your approach. You have to pass on that body language among teammates which is very important. As I mentioned before, you don't go there to compete but to win matches. For that to achieve, you need to be aggressive,\" said the opener.With four more games remaining before the playoffs, Gambhir warned his side to guard against complacency.\"KKR still have a long distance to cover with four more games remaining before the playoffs. We need to guard against complacency. I am keeping my fingers crossed, just trying to give our best in every match.\"Till the time, I am leading the KKR or whatever team I'm going to lead (in the future), there will be no complacency. For me, every game is as important as the first game or the finals. That's what KKR is all about,\" he said.For Gambhir, the form of McCullum augurs well for KKR. \"He has always been in form. In India, there is a problem, if someone gets a fifty he is in the form, if someone does not get a fifty, he is out of the form. How he's batting and hitting the ball is more important to me. It was all about contributions. Even in the last game, he got 40-odd runs and we got 100-run partnership, that's more important rather than individual scores. He has always been a key player for us.\"Asked about the incident involving Daredevils' batsman Mahela Jayawardene, who survived a confident caught behind appeal after which he had a heated exchange with Gambhir only for Ross Taylor to intervene and separate the two, the skipper said, \"These things keep happening. It was just a normal conversation, nothing serious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045525", "title": "Notre Dame Academy girls beat Delhi Public School, lift basketball trophy", "text": "PATNA: Notre Dame Academy (NDA) defeated Delhi Public School (DPS) 26-20 in a keenly contested final of the inter-school girls' basketball tournament and lifted the Sudha Trophy here on Monday.Eight schools participated in the four-day tournament organized by Parents-Teachers Association of the NDA on its campus.Pareeniti of the winner team was the top scorer of the final with 8 points.\"We are glad to win the competition after five long years. The credit goes to our coach for his inspiring guidance,\" said Anjali, the captain of Notre Dame team. \"I also thank our principal, Sr. Mary Tessy, for her support. She boosted our morale by showing us the 'Chak De India' movie before the tournament started,\" Anjali added.BD Public School defeated Army Public 17-03 in a lopsided match for the third place in the tournament. Ranjita of BD Public School scored 8 points to be the top scorer of the match.Harjot Kaur, managing director of Bihar State Milk Cooperative Federation Ltd (Comfed), the sponsor of the tournament, distributed the prizes. Congratulating the teams for their sportsman spirit, she said, \"Sport plays a vital role in one's personality development as it teaches team work and perseverance. It enhances sportsman spirit in players.\"Sr. Tessy thanked all the participating teams and guests on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13043860", "title": "Air link between Bhubaneswar, Varanasi", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Air connectivity between Bhubaneswar and Varanasi may improve soon as a central government committee is scheduled to mull over a proposal next week, official sources said on Monday.The issue came for discussion during a meeting between chief minister Naveen Patnaik and Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay in New Delhi on Monday. After Naveen suggested that the flight between Bhubaneswar and Varanasi, which was discontinued in 1994, be re-introduced at the earliest, Sahay said a committee headed by joint secretary, tourism, is slated to meet next week and will consider the proposal to restore Bhubaneswar in the Delhi-Varanasi flight, an official release said.Emphasising on the need to improve rail and air connectivity to facilitate travel of both national and international Buddhist tourists to Odisha, Naveen urged Sahay to support the state government's proposal for extension of the Maharaja's Express Classical India Train to cover important destinations of the Buddhist circuit in Odisha. Similarly, the Mahaparinirvan Special Train, which presently covers Bihar, UP and Delhi only, should include Odisha as a destination, Naveen added.Responding to different demands placed by Naveen to give a boost to the state tourism sector, Sahay agreed to sanction 'light and sound shows' at Udayagiri caves in Bhubaneswar and Sun temple, Konark, an official release said. Chairman of Indian Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC) informed that multimedia laser show using latest technology would be completed in six to nine months at Udayagiri Caves and Konark, the release added. ITDC has submitted to the union ministry of tourism a revised proposal which is pending sanction. Naveen also requested for light and sound shows at the Shanti Stupa in Dhauli.Sahay further told Naveen he will pursue with the ministry of railways for introduction of special train to Buddhist circuit in Odisha and it should materialize in the winter season this year, official sources said. He also assured funding for of an integrated tourist project covering a number of places, including Puri, Konark, Chilika, Raghurajpur, Bhubaneswar Old Town, Dhauli and Barkul, sources added.The Union minister said the tourism ministry will accord permission to start degree programme at the Food Craft Institute, Balangir, once land was transferred to the society. Naveen had requested that the institute be upgraded to the level of state Institute of hotel management urgently, so that degree course could be started this year. Sahay said the state government should transfer land at the earliest for the purpose and also agreed to Naveen's request for one more institute of hotel management in Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043672", "title": "Centre opposes permission to Chisty\u2019s Pakistan visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union government on Monday opposed permission to octogenarian Pakistani virologist Mohammad Khalil Chisty to visit Karachi while being on bail during the pendency of his appeal against conviction and life sentence for a murder in Ajmer, Rajasthan, 20 years ago.But a Supreme Court bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar asked the Centre to take instructions by Thursday on conditions that could be imposed on Chisty while permitting him to visit Karachi even though the ministry of home affairs through additional solicitor general Mohan Parasaran expressed apprehension that if the virologist was allowed to go to Pakistan , he might not return.Parasaran said India had no extradition agreement with Pakistan. Since Chisty was serving life term for murder charges in India, any attempt to secure his presence would face serious diplomatic hurdles, he added.The bench told the Centre to take a humanitarian view and asked the ministries of home affairs and external affairs to suggest conditions that could be imposed on Chisty pending disposal of his appeal against conviction. \"Merely because he is a Pakistani, can we treat him differently? He (Chisty) has pointed out that he has not been able to meet even his children and grand children, who have grown up,\" the bench said.When the law officer suggested expeditious hearing on Chisty's appeal, the bench said, \"We can understand if you say he has links with some terrorist organization, but he has no previous criminal record.\"Chisty's counsel, senior advocate U U Lalit, requested the court to take into account his client's old age and age-related medical condition. Though the bench decided to wait for the responses of the two ministries, it said, \"Let him go and come back. Sometimes we have to be optimistic.\" Chisty has been confined to Ajmer for the past 20 years and has served one-and-a-half years of his sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041864", "title": "Maharashtra\u2019s Rs 22000 crore drought aid bid gets Rahul push", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's bid for over Rs 2,200-crore drought relief package from the Centre got an unexpected boost with Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi joining chief minister Prithviraj Chavan-led state delegation in meeting PM Manmohan Singh for more financial assistance.Reeling under one of its worst-ever droughts, Chavan is leading an all-party delegation for seeking aid from the Centre. Though they were supposed to meet the prime minister on Tuesday, Chavan along with state Congress president Manikrao Thakre, senior leader Mohan Prakash met Singh on Monday evening. \"Due to the lead taken by Rahul Gandhi, we had a fruitful meeting with the prime minister. We have asked for a financial assistance of Rs 2,281 crore from the Centre to tackle the drought in several parts of western Maharashtra,'' Chavan told TOI after the meeting.On April 27, Rahul during his visit to Mumbai had an unscheduled visit to several villages in Sangli and Satara districts to get first-hand knowledge about the plight of the farmers. The farmers had told Rahul that more than assurances, they wanted water and other relief measures to tackle drought.\"We are happy with the outcome of the meeting with the PM, we are sure he will do justice to Maharashtra,\" Chavan said. He may also meet Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday.The delegation that includes deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar will again meet the prime minister on Tuesday and present a charter of demands. Besides the Rs 2,281-crore financial assistance, the state is also seeking 5 lakh tonne of foodgrains at below poverty line rates. As many as 15 districts, which include 11 talukas and 6,200 villages, are hit by the worst drought since 2003-04, when 11 districts were declared drought hit. The worst affected regions are western Maharashtra, Marathwada, north Maharashtra and some talukas of Vidarbha \"Our delegation also includes senior ministers and legislators representing the affected regions,\" Chavan told the press before leaving for Delhi.As part of the relief package, the government is seeking from the Centre a total of Rs 782 crore for farmers who have suffered losses in kharif and rabbi crops, Rs 700 crore for other schemes, Rs 300 crore for constructing check dams, Rs 130 crore for water supply works and Rs 74 crore for farmers who have suffered losses in grapes, pomegranates, mangoes and oranges.Chavan said the crisis was most acute in Sangli (443 villages), Satara (349) and Ahmednagar district. Leaves of officials in the affected areas have been cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042426", "title": "Anandacha Jhad provides a soothing musical evening", "text": "NAGPUR: On a sultry summer evening, Anandacha Jhad was just what Nagpurians would have ordered. Exuding the fragrance of Vidarbha, wrapping all those in the vicinity with its soothing melody and replete with infotainment, this musical event presented by Saptak and Chhaya Dixit Welfare Foundation held the audience in thrall at the Scientific Society hall on Monday.Popular Marathi music director Anand Modak and the singer with a silky voice, Ravindra Sathe, were in conversation with Ajay Gampawar, who conceptualized the event. And such was the flow of this informal chat that the audience soon became a part of it.With two doyens of Marathi music on the stage, it was melody from the start as the programme began with a shlok followed by an abhang rendered by Ravindra Sathe. 'Sarwange sundar', set the tone of the evening and music punctuated with nuggets of information held the attention of the audience thereafter.Modak, known for his versatility and his flair for experimentation, spoke of his journey from a sleepy town of Akola to the throbbing seat of art and music, Pune. \"I value the opportunity of presenting this event at Nagpur, as I am a low-profile person and don't interact with my fans through reality shows as a judge or otherwise,\" he said.Saying that he learnt his music from Telugu and north Indian neighbourhood in Akola, Modak said, \"They instilled in me a liking for both Hindustani music as well as the Carnatic style. After these two, what taught me music was the radio and the programmes of classical music aired on it.\"Speaking of his deep friendship with Ravindra Sathe, the music director said that once he had the realization that music was his station in life he moved to Pune to pursue his BSc Honours as well as music. \"There I made friends with Mohan Gokhale and Ravindra Sathe. The two have been closest to my heart. Ravindra's true range as a singer comes through in the rock song that he sung for the play 'Teen Paishacha Tamasha'. I used different styles of music for every character of the play which was in the style of an opera,\" he said.More in the league of music directors like Madanmohan and Jaidev, Modak said that it is his belief that more than raagdari it is the abhivyakti or the expression which lends a quality and tenor to a composition. \"Grammar of music is not as important as the expression. A song needs an emotional appeal which is beyond the technicalities of raagas and taal,\" he said.Interspersed with some select compositions of Modak rendered by Sathe and city singers Vaishali Upadhay, Anjali Date, young Sharyu Date and Modak himself, the evening provided an enjoyable insight into the maverick music director's finest creations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044435", "title": "Minibuses in city only a dream?", "text": "CHENNAI: There will be no minibuses in the city, at least for now. The scheme, announced by the previous DMK government two years ago as a feeder service from some of the city's outlying areas, did not find a mention in the policy note tabled by transport minister V Senthil Balaji in the assembly on Monday. In the rest of the state, however, minibuses are a hit with private operators running 4,003 such buses in nine corporation limits.A feasibility study carried out by Anna University last year had recommended 100 routes around the city from areas such as Velachery, Nanganallur and Ambattur. Heavily congested with tens of residential colonies that had sprung up in recent years, some of these areas are poorly connected by public transport.\"The delay in introducing the scheme is adding to the chaos. Residents from far-off colonies rely on autorickshaws and cab services that make a killing,\" said Federation of Chromepet Residents Welfare Associations president V Santhanam. \"Residents are disappointed that for the second time the government has not made any announcement. When road capacity is scarce, the government needs to introduce minibuses and encourage public transport,\" he said.The possible routes for feeder services are Porur-Avadi via Chennai bypass, Puzhal-Maduravoyal via Chennai bypass and a service connecting Nanmangalam, Sembakkam, Tiruneermalai, Chitlapakkam, Pammal and Nemilichery to GST Road. Another possible route is from Avadi to Ambattur where commuters from Tiruttani and Arakkonam are often stuck. \"A feeder minbus service will take only 30 minutes from Avadi to Porur via Chennai bypass. While MTC does not have a service on the route, an alternate route takes more than an hour and commuters have to take another bus,\" said S Vijayabaskaran of Ambattur.With the government mulling over a Bus Rapid Transit System that involves an exclusive lane for buses, minibuses could be the solution. \"Growth of vehicles is a testimony to the fact that there is a need for a relook on public transport. Of the 3,000 km of viable road network, MTC can exploit only 300 km, thus feeder services can be introduced in the rest,\" said V Subramani of Traffic and Transportation Forum and a resident of Adambakkam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13044109", "title": "Orphanage owner's bail plea rejected", "text": "GURGAON: A city court rejected the bail plea of Suparaana Sethi, the owner of an orphanage who was arrested on Saturday for conspiring with the accused in sexually assaulting minors. Gurgaon police produced evidence before the court suggesting that Sethi was an accomplice in the crime. Cops also said that she was a history sheeter.According to Gurgaon police, Sethi was running an NGO at a farmhouse in Asola, Delhi. A case of rape was reported at the farmhouse where unidentified men had sexually assaulted a woman from Nagina, Mewat district.Rao Bhagat Singh, advocate of the teachers Nisha Yadav and Sunil Kumar - who had exposed the crime - told the court that Sethi was not a social worker based on the evidence produced by police. Meanwhile, police claimed that several \"parents\" had approached them to take back the inmates of the orphanage. But the authorities turned down their request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043593", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Delhi polls: Woman seeks re-election", "text": "NEW DELHI: A BJP candidate, who lost the North MCD elections by a margin of 258 votes, has moved a trial court seeking re-election. The candidate has alleged that corrupt practices were adopted during the conduct of polls in her ward.Filing a petition in the court of additional district Judge Seema Maini, BJP candidate Bimla Tyagi, who had contested the election from ward no. 7, Burari, alleged that unfair practices were used to sway the result in favour of the Congress candidate Aman Tyagi. Bimla's counsel Santosh Pandey said, \"The petitioner has an apprehension that the returning officer (RO) worked in connivance with Tyagi and due to the arbitrary action of the officer, the petitioner lost the election.\"The court issued notices to Aman Tyagi, the RO and the state election commission, and listed the matter for July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13044318", "title": "Jalandhar bypass: A dreary sight", "text": "LUDHIANA: Civil Lines-resident Jayant Patnaik, a student of Lovely Professional University (LPU) who shuttles between the city and Jalandhar every day, has to gag himself each time his bus hits Jalandhar bypass. Jayant rues that the dusty and barren roadsides on national highway-1 are not only an eyesore but also a health hazard with hardly any trees to control the pollution level on the busy stretch.While officials boast of planting 1,500 trees on the road, most residents say they would much rather avoid travelling via the bypass if they had any other option. They complain that as an eyewash the forest department has planted some trees in a cluster.Brown Road-based travel advisor Muhammad Mujahid, who frequently takes the Jalandhar bypass on his business trips, minced no words and said, ''I feel like cursing the forest department for not planting trees along the road. There is only a small patch near Green Land Public School that has some trees but hardly any of them have plant guards or proper support to ensure that they grow well. The few iron guards that are there are also in pathetic condition.''Vipin Sharma, a businessman from BRS Nagar, said the combination of vehicle fumes and dust choke him every time he has to drive down to Jalandhar. ''I have been seeing the barren roads remain the same for many years and now I have lost hope of the stretch ever turning green,'' he said.Justifying why the department has not put iron guards around all the trees, divisional forest officer, Ludhiana, Naresh Mahajan said, ''The project of planting 1,500 trees in 2011 near Jalandhar bypass cost about Rs 90,000. If we provided iron support to all plants instead of bamboo support, the cost of the project would go up.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13047376", "title": "Confident Mumbai face Bangalore in crucial IPL game", "text": "MUMBAI: Buoyed by their sensational last-ball victory over Chennai Super Kings, a keyed up Mumbai Indians take on strong challengers Royal Challengers Bangalore in a crucial Indian Premier League game on Wednesday.While MI have garnered 14 points from 11 matches, RCB are trailing them by three points, having played the same number of games ahead of the high-octane first leg clash.If MI stopped the Super Kings in their tracks when new recruit Dwayne Smith smashed Ben Hilfenhaus for a six and two fours off the last three balls, RCB were no less impressive in pulling off a thrilling victory over Deccan Chargers.AB de Villiers' 17-ball unbeaten 47 swung the game RCB's way and he, along with another in-form batsman Chris Gayle, is a major threat to Mumbai's hopes of pulling off their fourth straight victory.A victory for MI would boost the points tally to 16 with four games left and would help them draw level with Delhi Daredevils, albeit with one game less in hand.But more importantly it would ease the pressure enormously from their shoulders in the red-hot race to the last-four.A setback for last year's runners-up RCB would put them under the same sort of difficulties that are being faced by two-time holders Super Kings after their defeat to MI.In batting RCB have been well-served by left-handed West Indian powerhouse Gayle (433 runs from 10 games) at the top, and classy right-handed South African de Villiers (292 from 11 games) - who can switch-hit powerfully to spoil the spinners' plans - in the middle.These two batsmen, averaging 48-plus, have shouldered the responsibility of propping up the Bangalore batting admirably in which another key member - India star Virat Kohli - has, unfortunately, not lived up to the high expectations.Tillakaratne Dilshan has settled in the top order well and RCB would be depending a lot on this overseas trio and Kohli in batting against the varied Mumbai attack, spearheaded by speedster Lasith Malinga.The big worry for RCB is the Kohli's lack of form. He has scored just 201 runs from 11 games. Mayank Agarwal and Saurabh Tiwary have also not made any significant contribution.In bowling, RCB have Zaheer Khan and R Vinay Kumar as the leading wicket-takers, but have not used Muthiah Muralitharan - who has taken eight wickets from five games - to the extent expected. He played in the previous game after a lengthy gap.Left-arm Indian pace spearhead Zaheer's battle with his Mumbai city mate and MI opener Sachin Tendulkar should liven up the proceedings in front of what is going to be another sell-out crowd watching the match under lights.RCB skipper Daniel Vettori (5 wickets from 9 games) has struggled to take wickets, but can pose challenges to the Mumbai batsmen with his vast experience while the team has the option to field fellow-left arm spinner K P Appanna.With two wins and as many losses along with a split points verdict against Super Kings in their last five games, RCB seem to have got their campaign back on track and a victory over MI would improve their qualifying hopes.Their rivals MI are on a roll as they have beaten Deccan Chargers at home, Pune Warriors (away) and the Super Kings in their backyard in successive games.What was most heartening for MI was Tendulkar regaining his touch against the Super Kings. He played a superb innings of 74 in 44 balls.Another pleasing fact for MI is inclusion of Smith in the squad. The Caribbean all-rounder delivered the knock-out blow to the Super Kings in the final over with an unbeaten 9-ball 24 and the innings has cemented his place in the eleven.Malinga, who has emerged as the leading wicket taker in the competition after the game against Super Kings, is the major threat for the Bangalore batsmen with his ability to bowl effectively as first or second change and at the death by using his inch-perfect yorkers.Skipper Harbhajan Singh has also sprang back to his much-vaunted form and R P Singh too bowled well against the Super Kings, but a question mark remains over Munaf Patel who has gone for plenty in his last few games.The support bowling from Robin Peterson and Smith did not measure up to the expected levels against the Super Kings and the former might give his place if Kieron Pollard returns after recovering from his right shoulder injury.Teams (from):Mumbai Indians: Harbhajan Singh (captain), Sachin Tendulkar, Abu Nechim, Amitoze Singh, Aiden Blizzard, James Franklin, Kieron Pollard, Ambati Rayudu, Y Chahal, Clint McKay, Herschelle Gibbs, Davy Jacobs, Richard Levi, Dwayne Smith, Dinesh Karthik, Dhawal Kulkarni, K Yadav, Lasith Malinga, Sushant Marathe, Pragyan Ojha, Munaf Patel, Robin Peterson, Sujit Nayak, Rohit Sharma, Suryakumar Yadav, Jaydev Shah, Rudra Pratap Singh, T Suman, Pawan Suyal, Aditya Tare, Apporva Wankhede.Royal Challengers Bangalore: Daniel Vettori (captain), Mayank Agarwal, KP Appanna, Prashanth Parameswaran, Arun Karthik, Raju Bhatkal, AB de Villiers, Tillakaratne Dilshan, Chris Gayle, Mohammad Kaif, Abrar Kazi, Zaheer Khan, Virat Kohli, Charl Langeveldt, Andrew McDonald, Abhimanyu Mithun, Muttiah Muralitharan, Karun Nair, Dirk Nannes, M Gautam, Ryan Ninan, Asad Pathan, Luke Pomerscback, Harshal Patel, Asad Pathan, Cheteshwar Pujara, Rilee Rossouw, Jamaluddin Syed Mohammad, S Thiyagarajan, Saurabh Tiwary, R Vinay Kumar, Vijay Zol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13042965", "title": "Sarkhej Roza tank to get rainwater from Vejalpur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If everything goes as per plans, Sarkhej Roza which remains dry till date will get fresh water flowing in from next monsoon. The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has commenced work to divert rainwater from Srinandnagar and Vejalpur to Sarkhej Roza.The civic body has now invited tenders for laying storm water drainage pipeline from Vejalpur police station which would be connected with the storm water drainage of Makarba.AMC officials said that the civic body for long had a project on paper to link storm water pipes in the area to the Roza. The project cost for laying the storm water drainage from Vejalpur to Makarba was Rs 1.3 crore.Officials further said the area between Srinandnagar and Vejalpur police station is plagued by a water-logging problem. This convinced municipal officials to decide on laying the storm water drainage from this area to the Roza. Officials said that the even in slight rains, the residents are forced to stay indoors or use tractors to get out of the area.Officials said that the contractor will have to ensure that the archeological site is not damaged in any fashion. The main tank of Sarkhej Roza has been dry for the last five years. Officials said that if the existing plans works out the Roza will once again see some water.Storm water from surrounding areas had stopped pouring into the tank as residential colonies and shopping complexes spawned around the Roza in 2007 and blocked the flow of the water. AMC, however, has finally laid underground storm water lines of 1,600 mm and 900 mm diameter which will divert rainwater from Makarba village and Shrinandnagar in Vejalpur into the tank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "apple has released ios 5.1.1 for iphone , ipad and ipod touch. according to the release notes ios 5.1.1 addresses the following", "code": "13047305", "title": "Apple releases iOS 5.1.1 update for iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad", "text": "Apple has released iOS 5.1.1 for iPhone , iPad and iPod touch. According to the release notes iOS 5.1.1 addresses the following:* Improves reliability of using HDR option for photos taken using the Lock Screen shortcut* Addresses bugs that could prevent the new iPad from switching between 2G and 3G networks* Fixes bugs that affected AirPlay video playback in some circumstances* Improved reliability for syncing Safari bookmarks and Reading List* Fixes an issue where 'Unable to purchase' alert could be displayed after successful purchaseThe update is being pushed out to devices Over-The-Air (OTA), however, iOS 5.1 users can also download it immediately by going to Settings &gt; General &gt; Software Update.Users can also install iOS 5.1.1 by plugging their device into iTunes and clicking on Update.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata/haldia", "code": "13043290", "title": "Trinamool, Congress to go it alone in civic polls", "text": "KOLKATA/HALDIA: With intent not translating into action among Trinamool Congress and Congress, the alliance partners are likely to slug it out in the forthcoming June 3 polls in six civic bodies across the state on their own. Monday - the last day of filing nomination - witnessed renewed bickering among the two parties, particularly in Haldia, where Congress alleged Trinamool-backed miscreants had \"abducted\" and \"forcibly prevented\" their candidates from filing their nomination. Later in the day, state Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said Congress will not form an alliance with Trinamool citing the latter's \"inflexibility\".Only in the Durgapur Municipal Corporation (the rest five being Haldia, Panskura, Coopers' Camp, Nalhati and Dhupguri) did the local leaders show keenness for an alliance. But an alliance is still a distant hope as Trinamool has shown no inclination to agree to Congress's demand for 15 seats in the 43-member civic board. Trinamool has agreed to leave 12 seats for Congress. Now Congress will contest all the 43 seats here on its own. Among other municipalities, only in Panskura did Trinamool and Congress ran the board jointly. However, even there Trinamool has put up candidates in all the seats (17). Congress, too, put up candidates in 15 seats. Intriguingly, Trinamool's another partner SUCI has decided to field five candidates on its own in Panskura.In Haldia and Dhupguri, where Left is in the helm now, Trinamool had decided to go it alone. In Coopers' Camp, Congress - which runs the show - isn't keen to accommodate Trinamool. In Nalhati, where Trinamool is in power, the situation is just the opposite. Bhattacharya said, \"Due to organizational drawbacks, we're not able to contest all seats in Haldia, Panskura and Dhupguri. But we will contest all the rest on our own. Their (read Trinamool's) highhandedness forced us to take this step.\" For the Left, being out of power in the state, has forced them to bury their internal squabbling and put up a united fight in elections to these six civic bodies.The events that took place in Haldia on Monday morning stood for the plummeting relationship among the alliance partners. Congress general secretary Maya Ghosh alleged that their observer (for Haldia polls) Manoj Pande was abducted from the Haldia SDO office while he was about to submit party symbols and papers to the election returning officer. This spurred Bhattacharya to lodge a complaint to the State Election Commission demanding postponement of election in Haldia if Congress candidates are forcibly stopped from filing nominations. \"Worse still, the abduction took place right in front of police,\" Bhattacharya alleged.However, some time later, Manoj was \"rescued\" by Haldia SDPO Amitabha Maiti, who claimed he found Pande on the streets and he'd refused to lodge any specific complaint.Manoj claimed Trinamool supporters snatched all his papers and threatened him to withdraw the candidates. Trinamool's Lok Sabha MP Sishir Adhikari, however, rubbished these allegations. \"Let police investigate. Truth will come out,\" he said.Internal factionalism among Trinamool ranks in Dhupguri and Haldia also raised the spectre of independents popping up against Trinamool's official nominees. Haldia's Trinamool MLA Shiuli Saha alleged that none of her nominees were among the candidates.In Nalhati municipality, which incidentally falls in the assembly segment of Pranab Mukherjee's son Abhijit, the alliance pitch was already queered after the Lok Sabha elections when nine Congress councillors - including chairman Biplob Ojha - joined Trinamool, giving it control of the civic board. Trinamool district president Anubrata Mondal said, \"With whom shall we make an alliance? Congress hasn't given any proposal. Naturally we have finalized the names of all 15 candidates. They have to approach us. We may give them hardly two seats since Pranab Babu's son is a factor.\" Now even that appears to be unlikely.In Cooper's Camp notified area, former Congress MLA Shankar Singh dismissed talk of any alliance. \"They (read Trinamool) haven't done anything to foster any alliance. We've won here three times in succession defeating both Trinamool and Left. We will do so again,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13045236", "title": "Join these clubs to laugh away all your worries", "text": "KANPUR: Laughter has always been the best medicine but according to psychiatrists, laughing with others is more powerful than laughing alone. Many morning walkers and joggers have created laughter clubs in the jogging places, where people from all age groups may witnessed laughing aloud every morning.Anita and Meethu, the two neighbours who come to 'Sanjay Van' for morning walk everyday decided to call their friends as well in the park when they saw a group of old people doing the same in the park.Sharing her experiences of laughing club, Meethu said, \"Laughter gave me courage and strength to find new sources of meaning and hope. Even in the most difficult of times, a laugh or even a smile can go a long way in making you feel better.\"Abhiker, Shubham, Komal and several other friends decided to join the laughing club at a cricket ground, where the coach taught them the benefits of community laughing. \"Laughter relaxes the whole body. A good, hearty laugh relieves physical tension and stress, leaving your muscles relaxed for upto 45 minutes,\" Komal said.\"Laughter boosts the immune system. It decreases stress hormones and increases immune cells and infection-fighting antibodies,\" Abhiker said. Community laughing can be witnessed at Nanarao Park in Phoolbagh and Kargil Park in Motijheel. A large number of joggers can be seen laughing aloud in groups to release stress. Nimmi and Ankita said that initially the members of the laughing clubs used to crack jokes and do mimicry in the park to make everyone laugh.\"But now we are so habitual to laughing that everyone of us can laugh for more than half-an-hour without any reason,\" Nimmi said. She added that the laughing club had helped a lot during her board preparations.Psychiatrists at the divisional psychological centre LK Singh said that people must creating opportunities to laugh. This may include watching a funny movie or TV show, go to a comedy club, read the funny pages or talk with funny and jolly people.\"Shared laughter is one of the most effective tools for keeping relationships fresh and exciting. All emotional sharing builds strong and lasting relationship bonds. But sharing laughter adds joy, vitality and resilience in human bonds. Humour is a powerful and effective way to heal resentments, disagreements and hurt egos. Laughter unites people during difficult times,\" Dr Singh said.Laughter is a powerful antidote to stress, pain, and conflict. Nothing works faster or more dependably to bring your mind and body back into balance than a good laugh. Humour lightens your burdens, inspires hopes, connects you to others and keeps you grounded, focused and alert. \"With so much power to heal and renew, the ability to laugh easily and frequently is a tremendous resource for surmounting problems. This also enhances your relationships and supports both physical and emotional health,\" added Dr Singh further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042523", "title": "'Families should encourage daughters to excel'", "text": "JAIPUR: Women from different walks of life at the 9th conference, 'IQRA-2012' discussed problems involving Muslim women on Sunday. The two-day conference organized by the All India Muslim Educational Society concluded on Sunday. The participants also felt the need to hold counseling-cum-awareness campaigns to do away with illiteracy, early marriages, poverty and poor health. Others also expressed the need for 'attention' from within the community and the government.Farhina Sherwani, president, Muslim Educational Society, Rajasthan (Ladies Youth Wing) said, \"In the last few months our wing has held meetings with the underprivileged women to understand their problems. I have come across many families where men do not allow their wives to study after marriage. In some cases even professionally qualified women sit at home as they are not allowed to work.\" She held uneducated families responsible for orthodox attitude towards women.Observing a positive change towards girls' education, senior academician and social worker Mehrumnisa Khan said, \"Progress is slow but continuous.\" Blaming the prevailing deep-rooted narrow mindedness for the condition of most of the Muslims, she emphasized the need to organize legal awareness camps, as one of the means to empower women.While answering a question on who should be held responsible for such a state, the family or the government, retired RAS officer, Naseem Hussain said that it is both. \"Families should encourage their daughters to excel as students in order to become eligible for various government schemes and policies,\" said Hussain.Social activist Yasmeen Faruqi pointed out that men too are needed for social change. \"It becomes tough for women to fight discrimination within their families. I have come across many cases where a son goes to an elite school, while this is not so for the daughter,\" added Faruqi.The group also said that frequent news reports highlighting ill treatment meted out to Muslims also leads to families being over protective about women. The group said that many parents did not allow their girls to go out of town for studies owing to this sense of insecurity.On reservation, the group said it will act as harbinger of social change for a minority (women) within minority (Muslims). The discussion concluded on a note that political empowerment of Muslim women and stressing the need on creating role models to follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13043325", "title": "Respite for 80 Ameerpet property owners", "text": "HYDERABAD: The legal battle waged by residents and traders seems to have paid some dividends for them as the Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL) is veering around to sparing some of the properties that were to have been demolished in order to make way for the metro rail.In an affidavit filed before a division bench of the AP high court, HMRL has said 80 properties out of 544 properties in the area of Greenland crossroads, Ameerpet, Sarathi Studios, and Krishnanagar marked for the construction works of metro rail project might be saved from demolition, while the extent of demolition of other properties could be substantially reduced.The affidavit was filed on April 27 in response to the directive issued by the division bench of Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice Sanjay Kumar hearing a petition of HMRL seeking vacation of the stay imposed on the execution of the works in the stretch between Ameerpet and Jubilee Hills of Corridor III between Nagole and Shilparamam. A single bench headed by Justice L Narasimha Reddy had stayed the works on March 16, 2012 after hearing a petition filed by the Joint Action Committee of Greenlands, Ameerpet, Madhuranagar, Yusufguda and Srikrishnanagar (GAMYS) and 20 individual traders who contended that HMRL had unilaterally changed the alignment favouring real estate bigwigs at their expense.While the court is yet to decide on the vacation of the stay, it had directed the HMRL to have a discussion with the residents and traders of the area to arrive at an amicable settlement. Following a meeting with the representatives of the GAMYS JAC, HMRL identified the properties to be saved from demolition and submitted the affidavit to the court.Senior officials in the HMRL said they were undertaking survey of the marked properties and there was a possibility of saving some more properties from demolition that was required for the road widening in order to provide right of way (ROW) for the metro rail. \"We are doing our best to save the properties, but it's subjected to ascertain logistics of machinery and segment trailer movement and safety issues with the commissioner of railway safety,\" said an official in the HMRL. He said the survey would be completed in a month's time and there would no demolition of property during the period.Expressing a partial satisfaction on the development, the members of GAMYS JAC said they were committed to their campaign that was aiming at imparting justice to the property owners of the area. They said if the HMRL had stuck to the original alignment that was allegedly altered, then there would have been no need of demolition of properties because the stretch the alignment was supposed have passed through already has a 100 ft wide road. The original alignment was supposed to have passed through Greenlands, Panjagutta, Nagarjuna circle, Srinagar Colony, KBHB Park, and Jubilee Hills whereas the currently planned alignment passes through Greenlands Ameerpet, Madhura Nagar, and Jubilee Hills. The road in the area of the currently planned alignment is 50 ft wide and it calls for the demolition of properties as the ROW for the metro rail requires 100 ft wide road.\"While the HMRL's move to re-survey of properties is welcome, we appeal to the authorities to go back to the original alignment plan so that there would be no harm for anyone,\" said Shankara Narayanan, spokesperson of the GAMYS JAC. He also urged HMRL to have a public hearing on the issue so that people's opinion is heard, while he said the JAC would appeal to the court in this regard. The high court division bench would resume the hearing of the case in June after the vacation ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13042092", "title": "Metro: HMRL agrees to save 80 properties at Ameerpet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The legal battle waged by residents and traders seems to have paid some dividends for them as the Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL) is veering around to sparing some of the properties that were to have been demolished in order to make way for the metro rail.In an affidavit filed before a division bench of the AP high court, HMRL has said 80 properties out of 544 properties in the area of Greenland crossroads, Ameerpet, Sarathi Studios, and Krishnanagar marked for the construction works of metro rail project might be saved from demolition, while the extent of demolition of other properties could be substantially reduced.The affidavit was filed on April 27 in response to the directive issued by the division bench of Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice Sanjay Kumar hearing a petition of HMRL seeking vacation of the stay imposed on the execution of the works in the stretch between Ameerpet and Jubilee Hills of Corridor III between Nagole and Shilparamam. A single bench headed by Justice L Narasimha Reddy had stayed the works on March 16, 2012 after hearing a petition filed by the Joint Action Committee of Greenlands, Ameerpet, Madhuranagar, Yusufguda and Srikrishnanagar (GAMYS) and 20 individual traders who contended that HMRL had unilaterally changed the alignment favouring real estate bigwigs at their expense.While the court is yet to decide on the vacation of the stay, it had directed the HMRL to have a discussion with the residents and traders of the area to arrive at an amicable settlement. Following a meeting with the representatives of the JAC of GAMYS, HMRL identified the properties to be saved from demolition and submitted the affidavit to the court.Senior officials in the HMRL said they were undertaking survey of the marked properties and there was a possibility of saving some more properties from demolition that was required for the road widening in order to provide right of way (ROW) for the metro rail. \"We are doing our best to save the properties, but it's subjected to ascertain logistics of machinery and segment trailer movement and safety issues with the commissioner of railway safety,\" said an official in the HMRL. He said the survey would be completed in a month's time and there would no demolition of property during the period.Expressing a partial satisfaction on the development, the members of GAMYS JAC said they were committed to their campaign that was aiming at imparting justice to the property owners of the area. They said if the HMRL had stuck to the original alignment that was allegedly altered, then there would have been no need of demolition of properties because the stretch the alignment was supposed have passed through already has a 100 ft wide road. The original alignment was supposed to have passed through Greenlands, Panjagutta, Nagarjuna circle, Srinagar Colony, KBHB Park, and Jubilee Hills whereas the currently planned alignment passes through Greenlands Ameerpet, Madhura Nagar, and Jubilee Hills. The road in the area of the currently planned alignment is 50 ft wide and it calls for the demolition of properties as the ROW for the metro rail requires 100 ft wide road.\"While the HMRL's move to re-survey of properties is welcome, we appeal to the authorities to go back to the original alignment plan so that there would be no harm for anyone,\" said Shankara Narayanan, spokesperson of the GAMYS JAC. He also urged HMRL to have a public hearing on the issue so that people's opinion is heard, while he said the JAC would appeal to the court in this regard. The division bench would resume the hearing of the case in June after the vacation ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13046211", "title": "Obama and Romney in virtual tie in swing states: Poll", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama is nearly tied with his presumptive Republican rival Mitt Romney in 12 battleground states, a latest opinion poll has said.The poll after Romney became the presumptive Republican nominee was carried out by USA Today and Gallup according to which the two leaders are nearly tied - 45 per cent vs 47 per cent respectively - among registered voters in the 12 battleground states.Romney is better positioned today than he was in March, when USA Today/Gallup found Obama leading by nine percentage points among swing-state voters.Romney now roughly matches his standing earlier in the year, before he secured the Republican nomination.Interviews were conducted among registered voters in 12 states where the presidential race is expected to be closely contested: Colorado, Florida, Iowa, Michigan, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Wisconsin.While Obama edges out Romney by two points in the overall preferences of swing-state registered voters, he has a four- point advantage with respect to solid supporters: 36 per cent of swing-state voters say they are certain they will vote for Obama in November, while 32 per cent are certain they will vote for Romney.Each candidate's remaining supporters - the 11 per cent who favor Obama and the 13 per cent favoring Romney - say there is a chance they could change their mind between now and the election.An additional seven per cent of voters are undecided, meaning a total of 31 per cent of swing-state voters are not firmly committed at this time.According to the poll, Obama's swing-state prospects also look a bit brighter than Romney's on the basis of voter enthusiasm. More than half of Obama's supporters, 55 per cent, are extremely or very enthusiastic about voting in this year's presidential election, up from 49 per cent saying this in March.By contrast, 46 per cent of Romney's supporters are extremely or very enthusiastic, unchanged from 47 per cent in March. Today's figures reflect a reversal from January, when 55 per cent of Romney voters were extremely or very enthusiastic, compared with 50 per cent of Obama voters, the poll said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthpauram", "code": "13045260", "title": "There is more to Kerala than just ayurveda: Foreign tour operators", "text": "THIRUVANANTHPAURAM: Ayurveda has always been a big draw for tourists, or so was the popular belief until a group of big-billed German and Swiss tour operators who were on a familiarization tour of the state said otherwise!Kerala Tourism Department officials who have just returned after another successful year at ITB Berlin would be shocked to learn that none of the tour operators had heard of Kerala as a tourism destination, although they met their host partner, Kerala Voyages, at the ITB Berlin this year. The Kerala tour operator was part of the Incredible India stall.\"We have never heard of Kerala. When people say holiday in India, we think of the golden triangle Jaipur, Agra and New Delhi. If Kerala tourism wants to market itself, it has to have a better unique selling proportion (USP) than Ayurveda. They are not getting our attention,\" said Alexandra Boldt, marketing and communication's manager from Thomas Cook , Frankfurt, Germany.Kerala Tourism's 'Your Moment is Waiting' won the Silver Prize in the Print Campaign Category at the Das Golden Stadttor (Golden Gate) Awards at ITB Berlin this year.\"Our clients won't come to Kerala for Ayurveda as the Vietnamese, Balinese, Sri Lankans and Thai are simply better at it. They make our clients feel special with aroma candles and rose petals, unlike in Kerala where they usher you into a room that smells of oil concoctions and herbs. While it may be argued that Ayurveda treatment methods are based on ancient science, the client wants an ego massage, to be made to feel special,\" said Christa Adler, a tourism professor from University of Cooperative education and a tour operator.Another person said marketing advertisements surrounding Ayurveda are very misleading. \"I met a lady on Saturday who was staying at one of the Ayurveda resorts near Kovalam and she was terribly upset that she had to spend another two weeks in treatment. She expected milk bath and aroma therapy because that is what she got when she was in Sri Lanka ,\" said Swan Tje Lucas, Windorse Finest Travel.\"What Kerala has got going for itself is its greenery and environment. The government should market its greenery and develop products that make use of the outdoors like nature trails, sky gliding, bird watching etc. That is what the Germans want,\" said Boldt.Twelve tour operators from Germany and Switzerland travelled the length and breadth of Kerala and had many experiences that included a houseboat cruise, cooking classes in a spice village, understanding village life and trade, visiting monuments and protected heritage sites, all this while staying in four and five star resorts. Their suggestion for the government include more signage in English, German translators, tackling the garbage crisis and providing visa on entry for select countries of the EU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043122", "title": "20 junior colleges told to give details on seat availability", "text": "PUNE: About 20 junior colleges in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad have been asked by the deputy director of education, Pune, to immediately submit details specifying the number of divisions and seats available in their colleges for the new academic year starting June 2012.The instructions were given during a meeting of junior college principals held at Fergusson College on Monday. The details about seats available in each stream are essential for printing centralised admission forms for the fresh academic year.Colleges in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad were asked to submit the details specifying the number of seats/divisions available in their college by April 10. The education department of Pune region extended the deadline to April 30. However, more than a 100 colleges in the Pune region failed to furnish the requisite details even within the extended deadline. Of them, 88 colleges submitted the intake details on Monday during the meeting.The centralised admission form is printed by the education department to make it easier for students to apply for junior colleges by filling a single form. A delay in providing information to the education department would result in a delay in the printing of the centralised admission forms and subsequent admission process.The details required to fill by the junior colleges also included capacity of individual divisions, number of vocational and bifocal divisions and specification of subjects under aided and unaided categories in each college. Sources in the education department said majority of the defaulting colleges were from Pimpri-Chinchwad. Sources said most aided junior colleges had failed to submit the required report in time, whereas unaided colleges did so in time.The deputy director of education has warned that principals of the colleges will be held responsible if their respective institutions did not submit the info.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13044974", "title": "Watch out for human bombs, airlines told", "text": "MUMBAI: In what could mean more rigorous security checks for flyers with medical implants like pacemakers and stents, airlines across India have been asked to watch out for major threats posed by devices and liquids implantable in the human body.A bureau of civil aviation security (BCAS) circular dated May 4 has warned airlines of \"newly identified potential threat through the evolution in the method used by terrorists to creatively construct and conceal weapons\". It cited devices meant for vascular access, plastic surgery, medicine infusion, electrical pacing, injury repair and wound management as potential threats.Passengers with implants already complain about problems faced by them at airports. \"It will only get tougher now. However, special checks cannot be ignored due to heightened terror threats,\" an airport official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043224", "title": "Six improved varieties of fodder crops identified", "text": "PUNE: Six improved varieties of fodder crops have been identified for release by a committee headed by Swapan Kumar Datta, deputy director general (crop sciences) of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), New Delhi. The varieties will help in increasing fodder production in the country.\"The improved varieties are of guinea grass, setaria grass, two varieties each of hybrid napier (cross between napier grass and bajra) and cowpea,\" said Datta.Speaking at the national group meet 'Kharif - 2012' organised by ICAR and BAIF Development Research Foundation in the city, Datta said that a public-private partnership model was required for production of quality seed and fodder and for adoption of technologies.He said that livestock is highly neglected in the country. It is either used for semen collection or for other economic purposes, while the rest are not looked after.\"Good governance and management is most critical for improving the forage production in the country,\" he said.BAIF trustee and principal adviser Narayan G Hegde said that there had been a shortage of green fodder for the last 40 years. \"Prosperity in dairy can only be through green fodder. With the correct extension strategy, one can popularise forage crops.The livestock sector contributes a lot to the gross domestic product (GDP) - 4.7% - which is more than that of rice production,\" he said.Hegde said that although Rs 15 crore were allotted for animal husbandry extension in the last five-year Plan, only Rs 3 crore has been spent so far. According to him, the forage varieties, which have been recommended for release at the national level, need to be popularised at the farmer level. He said that fodder needed to be the main player in the dairy value chain.BAIF president Girish G Sohani highlighted the drought situation in various parts of the country, which, along with shortage of fodder, was affecting the farming community. \"Promotion of food and fodder crops, innovation of a package of practices, genetic viability, mechanisation in fodder cultivation and harvesting, availability of seeds, and promotion of tree-fodder crops are the new directions for the research community,\" he added.About 70 scientists in the areas of forage-breeding, agronomy, plant protection and biochemistry from coordinated and voluntary centres of the All-India Coordinated Research participated in the three-day meet, which concluded on May 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "13044092", "title": "'Fake' college promoter held", "text": "DHANBAD: Dilip Kumar Singh, the promoter-director of alleged fake engineering and management college, Jharkhand Institute of Engineering and Management, at Kusum Vihar has been arrested in an AC coach aboard the Patna-Dhanbad Ganga-Damodar Express.Saraidhela police inspector Manoj Kumar Gupta said the students of the private engineering college had filed reports with the police alleging they were cheated by the college director who had reportedly collected Rs 1.5 lakh from each of the 250-odd students.Police on Monday morning sealed three bank accounts of Singh - Punjab and Sind Bank, Uco Bank and State Bank of India - at Matkuriya and found Rs 1.6 crore in the accounts.According to the students, they had informed the police that Singh was making an attempt to escape from Dhanbad on Sunday night by the Ganga-Damodar Express.There were seven passengers who had got their berths reserved in the name of Dilip Kumar Singh. Students of the college were on the platform and they helped police recognize the promoter of the institute.Gupta said it is estimated the fraud may go up to Rs 3 crore. The case is under investigation, he said.Students of the institute had been on agitation for the last one week demanding arrest of Singh who had collected money from the students from different parts of Jharkhand and Bihar to get them enrolled for diploma courses.No classes were held in the last two years as no teacher was ever appointed at the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13042816", "title": "Indorean eyes Guinness record with 11K Ganesha posters", "text": "INDORE: The twice Limca Book of Records holder, Madan Singh Chouhan, is now eyeing the Guinness Book of World Records. Chouhan claims that he has collected 11,000 posters of Lord Ganesha. Chouhan had made it to the Limca Book of Records by collecting 3,026 Ganesha posters in 2002.His kitty has collection from table calendars, pocket calendars, wedding invites, posters, greeting cards and photographs of Ganesha idols in temples across India.It was way back in 1994 when this resident of Anoop Nagar, Indore, had got an inspiration to collect Lord Ganesha's posters. \"Back in 1994, I was going to GPO when I noticed a Ganesha's poster lying under my feet at a red signal in Geeta Bhawan square. Since then, I have been collecting posters of Lord Ganesha.\" he said. \"Not a single poster or photograph in my collection is repeated. Every poster is unique.\"Chouhan also collects newspapers and magazine cuttings of Lord Ganesha. \"When I started collecting these posters my family members were reluctant to provide me a room to store my collection. But once I had bagged the title of Limca record holder, family and friends have been very supportive.\" he said.Chouhan also has photographs of Ganesha temples in Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Rajasthan and he plans to set up a library of his own which would include key chains, idols, audio cassettes and books on Lord Ganesha.Kalidas Academy, Ujjain, would showcase his collection on the occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi this year. Chouhan has also applied for India Book of Records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13043538", "title": "Doctor \u2018scalped\u2019 Rs 15L for kidney", "text": "HYDERABAD: The kidney racket that was busted by the police on Sunday is only getting murkier. The interrogation of the two brokers - Rajendra Prasad and Venkata Srinivas - who were part of nephrologist Dr Ramesh Chada's team revealed that arranging donors turned out to be a lucrative business for Dr Chada. The duo confessed to the police that Dr Chada managed to make Rs 15 lakh for arranging a kidney. Now, the fingers are being pointed at a transplant surgeon and an anaesthetist who connived with Dr Chada to perform the surgeries.Senior doctors said that it was practically impossible to do a renal transplant without a clearance from a magistrate and police. \"If illegal transplants were happening, then the other parties were also involved,\" said a surgeon. And Dr Chada is not the only accused. \"A transplant surgeon, an anesthetist and a nephrologist besides the necessary infrastructure are required to carry out a transplant. Normally, it is a 10-member team,\" said a transplant surgeon.Dr Chada had joined Gandhi Hospital as an assistant professor in the nephrology department in 2001 as a physician and later acquired his super-specialty degree in nephrology. Apart from Hindu Hospital, Karkhana, where he was allegedly operating an illegal kidney racket over the last six months, he is a consultant at Sunshine Hospital and Secunderabad Nursing Home.Surprisingly, Hindu Hospital is unknown in medical circles. In fact, it does not figure in the list of hospitals authorized to conduct organ transplants. \"During 2006-07, a big organ scam had come to light in Hyderabad. Four hospitals including a corporate hospital chain were involved. There was a big hue and cry, a police case was booked and an enquiry was launched before the issue was given a decent burial. Though nobody was convicted, from then on, stringent rules were enforced for unrelated transplants under the AP Human Organ Transplant Act,\" said a senior surgeon from the private sector. He added that Hindu Hospital did not look like the place that had the infrastructure to perform transplants. This only means that the transplants were happening somewhere else.Meanwhile, on Monday, the medical education department conducted an inquiry into the alleged involvement of Dr Chada in the kidney racket. As far as Dr Chada's work at Gandhi Hospital is concerned, the hospital authorities gave him a clean chit. \"The activities for which allegations were leveled against him were done outside Gandhi Hospital. There were no irregularities here. We did not find any fault in his working pattern here,\" said Dr S Mahaboob, superintendent, Gandhi Hospital. Higher officials have to decide if any action is to be taken. He added that Dr Chada during the enquiry had blatantly denied all the allegations and said that he was not connected to any corporate hospital.Dr Vasanth Prasad, director of medical education, said that the inquiry conducted by a five-member team would submit its report by Tuesday. West Zone ACP Venkat Narsaiah, however, said that unless there was corroboratory evidence, the doctor could not be arrested. \"If we get proof, we will arrest everyone involved,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13048153", "title": "Rabindranath Tagore's 150th birth anniversary celebrated with soirees, crafts fair", "text": "KOLKATA: With a number of musical programs to be held all over the state and a handicraft fair in the city, West Bengal today geared up to celebrate the 151st birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore tomorrow.Organised jointly by the West Bengal State Akademi of Dance Drama Music and Visual Arts along with Rabindra Bharati University, the 26th Lokshilpa O Karukriti Mela was inaugurated by Higher Education Minister Bratya Basu at Jorasanko Thakurbari, the ancestral home of the Tagore family in north Kolkata.Altogether 50 artists, craftspersons and weavers have come from different parts of the state along with their wide range of handicraft products like 'patachitras', decorative items made of 'sola' (spongewood), 'Chhau' dance masks, 'dhokra' handloom items, 'batik' work, 'baluchari' and 'kantha'-stitch sarees.Celebrated according to the Bengali calendar, Tagore's birthday, known as 'Pachisse (25th) Baishakh' in Bengali, has been declared a holiday by the state government.The state government will organise a cultural event tomorrow where leading singers and elocutionists will preform.Besides exponents like Dwijen Mukhopadhyay, Ajoy Chakraborti and Swagatalakshmi Dasgupta, Bengali bands Bhoomi, Dohar and Chandrabindoo too will perform. Danseuse Alokananda Roy will also present a dance-drama based on Tagore works.Officials said similar programs will be organised in the city and districts from Wednesday.At Visva-Bharati university in Shantinekatan set up by Tagore, the day will be celebrated in traditional style.The Eastern Zonal Cultural Centre will have a Tagore dance and drama festival for a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043983", "title": "Need another terror attack to push NCTC, asks Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after chief ministers ganged up against the NCTC, the Congress camp wondered if another terror attack would sensitize the political class to the need for the anti-terror body.Charging the CMs with being bogged down by narrow turf concerns, Congress members said there was a need to look at the big picture and emphasized that terror did not operate according to boundaries.They said similar concerns about the National Investigation Agency had been addressed once it was realized that a federal agency was required in the aftermath of frequent terror acts.When asked if it was the end of NCTC, Congress spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"The states have to see if terror is a local issue. If the argument is that Centre does not have the authority to interfere in law and order which is a state subject, then how do you tackle terror that is trans-border or trans-national in nature.\"He said such logic would reduce 26/11 to being a local Maharashtra issue and asked if states could tackle terror on their own.Pressing for the Centre's partnership in fighting terror, Tewari said if there was a terror attack in a state, it would not be an attack on its sovereignty but on that of the country.A Congress MP angrily said, \"The NCTC will happen the moment there is another terror attack.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "13044026", "title": "Rs 5 lunch scheme for BPL flops", "text": "Garhwa: The ambitious Mukhyamantri Daal-Bhat scheme which was launched in the district on August 15, 2011, has flopped, as most of the centres have been closed down due to apathy of the operating agencies - all NGOs.The district administration had launched the daal-bhat scheme in all blocks of the district which was inaugurated by Garhwa DC Rajendra Pratap Sinha. The scheme was launched to provide full lunch to the BPL people at Rs 5. At first, the scheme was assigned to three NGOs. Later, it was launched in all block headquarters of the district.On the other hand, district supply officer-in-charge P K Jha expressed his ignorance about the closed lunch centres. \"I have no information about closed lunch centres,\" Jha said.The lunch scheme was a great help for the BPL people - particularly for daily wagers, labourers and rickshaw pullers. A rush was seen at the daal-bhat centres everyday. Apart from such people, villagers from remote areas, too, used to come to the lunch centres. \"The daal-bhat scheme was really a great help for us as we tasted the flavour of cooked rice, pulses and vegetables - all at Rs 5,\" said Ram Nath, a rickshawpuller of Garhwa town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "13042385", "title": "Manmohan Singh explains to Hillary Clinton India\u2019s need to engage Iran for its energy security", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: India wants Iran to fulfill international obligations with regard to its nuclear programme, but New Delhi cannot lose sight of its energy security needs, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh told US secretary of state Hillary Clinton during a wide-ranging discussion here on Monday.Iran was an important aspect of Hillary's meeting with Singh on Monday evening as she made it clear that US expects India to \"do more\" and be part of the international effort to curb Iran's reported bid to acquire nuclear weapons by defying inspection regimes.The PM is understood to have said that India shared concerns over proliferation but needed to work out its responses at a time when fuel prices are high and the global economic situation worrisome. In comments ahead of the meeting, Hillary said India's has more options on energy than it had earlier.The meeting, according to official sources, did not hit a bump on Iran despite both leaders outlining their views and Singh dwelling on the need to engage Tehran. The discussion lasted around 80 minutes, about half an hour more than what was scheduled, as the leaders went over Pakistan, Afghanistan, China, trade, security and the Indo-US civil nuclear agreement.While both sides committed to strengthen their strategic partnership, tangible outcomes may take a while to be fully evident with the relationship seen to be in need of fresh momentum despite substantial convergence of interests.US is keen on India moving on some reforms like liberalizing FDI in retail, a detail expected to have figured during Hillary's meeting with West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata earlier in the day where she spoke of making the state a partner in US investment.The meeting with Banerjee was significant as the US looks at West Bengal with new eyes after the state was \"off bounds\" during Left rule. The attempt to size up the new dispensation saw Banerjee also using the occasion to claim that Bengal was now investor-friendly.After Hillary's meeting with Singh, sources said \"The full gamut of bilateral relations came up for discussion.\" On Iran, the PM is also believed to have laid out India's reasons to continue to engage the state. Hillary had already indicated earlier in the day that she would press India to further reduce oil imports from Iran, although she acknowledged reduction in some imports. She stressed Iran's nuclear ambitions would have an adverse effect on the region.On the security front, Afghanistan, China and Pakistan figured prominently in the talks. But the PM used the opportunity to tell the top US official American investment in infrastructure while the leaders also had an elaborate discussion on the state of the global economy.Earlier in Kolkata, contentious issues, including the Teesta water-sharing agreement with Bangladesh, were kept under wraps. \"There were certain strategic issues that came up in course of discussion, but I cannot reveal them because of political compulsion,\" Banerjee said after Hillary left for Delhi.\"They (the US) spoke of making Bengal a partner state for investment here,\" the Bengal CM said. \"For a long time, there was hardly US investment in Bengal due to political reasons. But, now the situation has changed and is congenial for investment,\" she added.Banerjee welcomed private investment in sectors such as information technology, education, healthcare and deep sea ports. At an interactive session at La Martinere for Girls' before her meeting with Banerjee, Hillary was clear about what she wanted to discuss. \"I intend talking about investment ... and the Teesta water agreement with chief minister Mamata Banerjee. But I would be primarily interested in her vision for Bengal and the east. I would like to know what she wants to achieve. I have come here with a belief that India can compete. But you understand that there are political compulsions. So, a few things might have to wait,\" Hillary added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042492", "title": "Jewellers welcome announcement", "text": "JAIPUR: Jewellers across the country have welcomed the finance minister's announcement of rolling back excise duty on gold jewellery, however, the happiest lot is traders in Rajasthan. The 21-day long agitation carried out after the budget announcement was guided from Rajasthan, a state known for its handmade jewellery worldwide.\"Though there were combined efforts but Rajasthan played a vital role in forcing the government to change its decision. We were the first to call for a strike. The budget was presented on March 16 and we shut our shops on March 17. We took the decision to hold a candle march, 'mashal' rally and initiated dialogue with the state government,\" said Kailash Mittal, honorary secretary, Jaipur Sarafa Traders Committee.Statistically, Rajasthan is one of the biggest markets for the gems and gold ornaments in the country. Five lakh traders are engaged in the trade, while more than 20 lakh artisans and goldsmiths are employed for manufacturing gems and jewellery. Gold worth Rs 1000 crore gets exported form Rajasthan every year.\"Rajasthan has an expertise in value addition of jewellery. We have both manufacturing as well as export centres in the state. So it was obvious that business would have taken a dip in the state if the duties were not rolled back,\" said Rajiv Jain, chairman of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13045017", "title": "Chaos reigns as top brass supports Raje", "text": "JAIPUR: Confusion and chaos marked Day 3 of the political high drama in the state BJP as no major decision was taken to end the impasse. The feud, though, intensified with Raje loyalists handing over their resignations even as the anti-Raje camp got active on Monday and demanded that disciplinary action be taken against her.Reports suggest that the party's central leadership has assured Raje that she would be portrayed as the party's chief ministerial candidate and that she has its backing . However, the central leadership has taken serious note of the continuous flow of resignations in Raje's support and warned that this might be taken as an act of indiscipline . The expected rounds of meetings in New Delhi on Monday did not take place, though the party high command is keeping a close watch on the developments in the state and gathering regular feedback. Former state president Om Prakash Mathur, Rajsamand MLA and general secretary Kiran Maheshwari and senior leader Kirit Somaiya were in New Delhi. Mathur and Maheshwari had met senior leader Arun Jaitley , briefing him about the developments.Raje on Monday evening made a formal appeal to the public representatives , office-bearers and workers not to hand over their resignations.Raje on Monday evening made a formal appeal to the public representatives, office-bearers and workers not to hand over their resignations. \"I respect the sentiments and support they are extending and am grateful for that. However, the resignations must stop,\" she said in her appeal.This was after 61 legislators including two Independents, along with 44 former legislators and four former MPs and hundreds of workers had handed over their resignations in Raje's support . Meanwhile, an informal meeting was held at the residence of senior member Ramdas Agarwal , which was attended by state president Arun Chaturvedi, senior legislators Ghanshyam Tiwari, Gulab Chand Kataria and senior leader Lalit Kishore Chaturvedi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13048061", "title": "Isha Sharvani in 'Balayakala Sakhi'", "text": "Basheer's best work 'Balayakala Sakhi', a story about two people madly in love with each other from childhood, is all set to be presented on screen.Balayakala Sakhi, which people say is largely Basheer's autobiography, would showcase Mammootty as the protagonist. And Isha Sharvani will give life to the character 'Suhra' in the movie.Isha Sharvani who is well known for her role in 'Kisna' and 'Luck By Chance' is all geared up for her venture into Malayalam film industry with this movie. Pramod Payanoor will direct the movie.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13045605", "title": "Woman hangs to death at home", "text": "SURAT: A 22-year-old newly wed woman allegedly committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling fan at her house in Pandesara area on Monday morning.The deceased, Rupali's body was found hanging by her family members. She was married on March 13 and had come to Surat from Maharashtra.Her parents who rushed to Surat after the news alleged that she was murdered or forced to commit suicide. They also alleged that her family had been demanding dowry ever since she got married to Keshav on March 13. Keshav works as a gas cylinder delivery man while his father Vaman works as gas repairer. tnnThe family stays in Gujarat Housing Board quarters in Pandesara.Rupali's parents alleged that her in-laws had even asked her to sell off the jewellery and she had complained to her parents about the issue recently.\"We don't know why Rupali's parents are doing this. We never harassed her and we considered her as our daughter. We wanted her to be part of our family. My son told me that she was upset due to some health reasons,\" said Vaman Patil, her father in-law.Following the compliant, the police are collecting details about of the family members and recording their statements.The accused will be arrested for questioning, police informed. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13042280", "title": "Youth Congress probing whether its members involved in Bharatpur violence", "text": "times news networkJAIPUR: The Youth Congress on Monday said it was investigating whether its members were involved in the violence at the Pradesh Congress Committee's workshop in Bharatpur on May 5.A group of nearly 50 youngsters, allegedly led by former parliamentarian Vishvendra Singh, had assaulted senior party leaders at the workshop in the presence of PCC chief Chandrabhan. There were reports that some of these young men, who were similarly dressed, were affiliated to the Youth Congress.\"We are investigating if any of our members were involved in the Bharatpur violence. Stringent action will be taken against anyone found guilty,\" said Chetan Chauhan , Youth Congress's national secretary and in-charge for Rajasthan. He added that a report in this regard has been sought from the Youth Congress's Bharatpur unit. \"If need be, we may constitute a committee also to look into the matter,\" Chauhan said a press conference at PCC headquarters.Meanwhile, Youth Congress's state president Pawan Godara said that the organisation would be holding a \"Yuva Panchayat\" for the party's young legislators and its elected members in Jaipur on May 9. \"The event would be addressed by chief minister Ashok Gehlot , union minister of state for home Jitendra Singh , PCC chief Chandrabhan and other leaders,\" Godara told reporters. The programme was aimed at discussing issues related to young elected representatives' association with the panchayati raj bodies, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13042951", "title": "Faces of terror on display at malls", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Malls and multiplexes of the city have got some new posters carrying the faces of terror. The city police have launched a driver to create awareness on terror suspects among denizens. For the last two days, city police have started putting up photographs at malls, multiplexes and toll booths in and around the city.Top cops have also asked the city police officials to keep an eye on suspicious movements and also to train security guards at important places and establishments to identify any dubious character in vicinity.According to police officials, the central intelligence bureau (IB) has given specific input to Gujarat, Maharashtra, Punjab and Haryana about probable terror attack by a group and also issued photographs of five suspects. The IB had also traced a mail originated from the state, putting state police on high alert as it mentioned Ahmedabad and Jamnagar as specific targets.\"We have strengthened the checking at entry and exit points of the city and have sent police in plainclothes to various important locations to keep an eye on suspicious movement. The public awareness was second leg of the preparation as we issued photographs and also asked personnel at malls, multiplexes, restaurants, halls and other places, where crowd is expected to gather, to paste the photographs at prominent locations. It will not only make them aware but will also get help from members of public in identification,\" said a senior city police official.The state anti-terrorists squad (ATS) officials are roped in for the investigation. \"Currently, we are checking the photographs to ascertain whether they are wanted in earlier serial blasts cases in the country,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044363", "title": "Autorickshaw goes up in flames of protest", "text": "CHENNAI: As public demonstrations go, they don't get more dramatic than this.What was supposed to be a protest at which an effigy was to be burnt, ended up with the autorickshaw transporting the effigy going up in flames instead, outside the Sri Lankan embassy on TTK Road in Alwarpet on Monday.A group of 20 members of the Hindu Munnani staged a protest to condemn the reported demolition of a temple in Sri Lanka .As the protestors raised slogans near the Sri Lankan embassy, two members of the outfit , Narayanan and Velu, arrived in an autorickshaw with an effigy representing those responsible for the temple demolition and a bottle of kerosene to burn it with. When Velu, who was seated in the autorickshaw, tried to burn the effigy, it fell inside the vehicle with the kerosene. Within seconds, the autorickshaw was a blazing ball of fire.While Velu sustained burn injuries on his hands, auto driver Narayanan fled from the spot. Velu tried to escape, but the Teynampet police caught hold of him.The police alerted the fire and rescue services and a fire tender was dispatched to douse the blaze. Before the fire engine arrived, policemen took water from restaurants nearby and attempted to put out the fire.Police took 20 people into custody but let them off later.A group of 20 members of the Hindu Munnani staged a protest to condemn the reported demolition of a temple in Sri Lanka. Police took 20 people into custody but let them off later", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042650", "title": "Heat loses sting as showers lash Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: The hot and humid weather conditions in Bhopal and adjoining places in day time gave way to pleasant weather after a short spell of thundershowers drenched the city towards the evening on Monday.The officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle, attributed the prevailing weather conditions to upper air cyclonic circulation over northeast MP.Bhopal recorded 5.2 mm of rains. Indore, Hoshangabad and Shajapur witnessed 7.4, 5 and 3 mm rainfall.The maximum the temperature at some places, including Gwalior, Khajuraho, Sheopur Kalan and Datia climbed to 42 degrees Celsius. The maximum and minimum temperature in four main cities -- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur -- ranged between 42.0 and 20.4 degrees Celsius.Bhopal recorded a maximum of 39.3 (-2) degrees against a minimum of 25.7 (+1) degrees. In Indore, the maximum temperature was 36.8 (-3) degrees and the minimum temperature at 20.4 (-4) degrees. Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 42.0 (+1) degrees and the minimum temperature of 26.3 (+1). The maximum temperature in Jabalpur was 40.4 (+1) degrees and 27.0 (+2) was the minimum temperature. Thundery weather conditions are likely at some places of the state on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "club road", "code": "13044290", "title": "Unfair water for fair sex", "text": "CLUB ROAD: Women in Ludhiana, if you are thinking to beat the heat by taking a plunge in a swimming pool, then avoid the municipal corporation's sole pool here on Club Road. For, despite announcement, the civic body has failed to appoint a woman coach-cum-life guard.MC had announced last month that it would employ a woman coach, as many women had been seeking one. Officials claimed that they had asked Punjab Agricultural University to provide a coach. And till they get one, a woman coach from the district sports department visits the pool for two hours in the afternoon that too not every day. This, however, has poured cold water on the city women's plans for summer. ''We cannot go for swimming in the afternoon just because the coach is available then. I prefer evening hours and want coach to teach me swimming at that time. MC should appoint one at the earliest,'' said Megha Arora, a student and resident of BRS Nagar. A homemaker and resident of Tagore Nagar, Meenakshi Sharma, said, ''I want to learn swimming at a time that suits me. Had MC employed a woman coach, I would have definitely gone to its pool.''Superintending engineer of operation and maintenance cell Manjit Singh said, ''For many days, we have been looking for a woman life guard-cum-coach. But till date, we have not found anyone. We are trying our best... I hope we will get one soon.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13041562", "title": "Governor visits places of worship", "text": "PANAJI: Governor of Goa Bharat Vir Wanchoo on Monday visited several places of worship in the state and invoked blessings of the gods. After he was sworn-in as the governor of Goa, Wanchoo had said that he would go site seeing in the state.Mangueshi temple at Mangueshi was the first stop for the governor on his day-long trip to visit religious places. Co-operation minister Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar welcomed the governor and a temple priest briefed him about the significance of the temple.From Mangueshi, the governor went to the Safa Masjid in Ponda which was built by Ibrahim Ali Adil Shah in 1560 AD. Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar was present there to receive the governor.Wanchoo also paid a visit to the Basilica of Bom Jesus, which is a world heritage site at Old Goa. He was received by Fr Savio Barreto, rector of the church and V Shivananda Rao, superintending archaeologist. Barreto briefed the governor about this world famous monument. In the visitors book, the governor wrote, \"Most fascinating, an abode of peace, priceless treasures the pride and gem of Goa.\"The governor also visited Gurudwara Gurusingh Sabha at Betim where he was received by local MLA Rohan Khaute. He was also honoured by the Gurudwara committee on the occasion. The governor was accompanied by his wife Nalini Wanchoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043331", "title": "CPM leaders pay last respects to Nandagopal", "text": "KOLKATA: Senior CPM leader and former state minister Nandagopal Bhattacharya died at a private nursing home in Kolkata on Sunday after prolonged illness. His body was kept at the CPM headquarters this afternoon for party leaders to pay their last respects. The body was cremated at Keoratola crematorium later in the day.Bhattacharya, who represented West Midnapore's Dantan assembly constituency from 1996 to 2011, was a minister in both Jyoti Basu and Buddhadeb Bhattcharjee's cabinets. The former CPM national secretary, Bhattacharya was also a former secretary of CPM's the West Bengal state council. He did not contest the 2011 assembly elections due his ill health.His body was kept at the CPI state headquarters from 12noon to 3pm on Monday as hundreds of party workers paid their last respect. The body was later taken to the crematorium.Left Front chairman Biman Basu condoled the veteran's death of the senior leader saying it is a loss not only for CPM but also for the Left Movement. He also conveyed his condolences to the bereaved family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043316", "title": "Family gets back 'dead' son after 7 years", "text": "KOLKATA: He was forced to leave his family and home in Uttar Pradesh for a living. He could not bear the separation. He gradually became a person with learning disabilities. Somehow, he reached the city and started roaming in the streets aimlessly. But by a stroke of luck and unconditional support of a poor couple, he finally won over the trauma and went back to his family after seven years.Vinod Sahni, a youth from a remote village in eastern UP, left his native place and family to work in a weaving mill in Ludhiana. Though he was reluctant to leave his root, his wife insisted on his going. Being a village youth, Vinod could not adapt to city life or bear the detachment from his village. He left Ludhiana after a few days without informing anybody. He remained untraced since then. For his family, he was dead. But on Monday, Vinod got back to his family and his parents embraced him with tears swelling in their eyes.All these were possible for a group of people who, despite living on pavements, extended support to the unknown vagabond and helped him get back to normal life. \"Around three years back, we suddenly spotted the youth staying on the pavement close to our tea stall. He was not in sound health. He would often soil the pavement and others who stayed there were annoyed with him and tried to drive him out,\" said Lalti Devi, a middle-aged tea stall owner.It was Banani Nath, a social worker attached with Iswar Sankalpa - an NGO that works with people with special needs, who first spotted the youth. \"Initially, he refused to cooperate. He communicated with me for the first time after more than six months,\" said Banani. After a medical check up by a physiatrist, Lalti and her husband Kumar took responsibility of the youth. \"The couple used to feed him and would mix medicines with the food initially,\" said Sarbani Das Roy, secretary of the organization.It took nearly a year to bring about some normalcy in the youth. Next, he was taken to a centre near Hastings where he underwent different therapies. All this while, Vinod got a new identity - Chuni - to the Singh couple and members of Iswar Sankalpa. \"Chuni responded well to treatment and, for the last one year, he started doing odd jobs like cleaning cars,\" said Banani. But, he used to stay at the same spot on the pavement near the crossing of CIT Road and Suresh Sarkar Road at night.\"He kept some money with me. He wanted to start a business,\" said Lalti, who took care of an unknown youth for months. Some weeks ago, he slowly managed to recount his past, his village and address. With the help of Hasting police station, his family was informed. On Monday, Lalti and Kumar handed over Vinod - Chuni to them - to his family members. With tears in their eyes, they assured Chuni that they would definitely visit his village home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13045172", "title": "Neeraj Grover murder case: Parents still hope for justice", "text": "KANPUR: For the past four years, Amarnath Grover has been fighting an emotional battle to get justice for his slain son Neeraj Grover, the associate creative head of Synergy Adlabs, who was brutally hacked to death allegedly by Emile Jerome, an ex-navy officer and Maria Monica Susairaj, a small-time Kannada actress in Mumbai on May 7, 2008.\"We paid homage to the departed soul on the occasion, which was a family affair,\" said Neelam Grover, ailing mother of Neeraj while talking to TOI. Grover's only regret is that Maria, who according to them was the root cause of their son's murder, is roaming scot-free.Last time, the country's most macabre case has made headlines was on July 1, 2011, when Mumbai court had sentenced Maria to three years in jail and her alleged boyfriend Emile Jerome to 10 years imprisonment. Since Maria had spent more time in jail as an undertrial, she was freed a day after the verdict.Grover's only son, 26-year-old Neeraj, fondly called Ginni, was allegedly murdered by Emile Jerome and Maria at the latter's rented flat in Dheeraj Solitaire Apartment in Malad area of Mumbai.The parents of Neeraj could not even see their son's body. The accused had allegedly burnt the body of Neeraj before chopping it into pieces in the jungles of Manor, an area located in the suburbs of Mumbai.Sitting on the counter of his photo-copier shop, Amarnath Grover, father of Neeraj said, \"I am 63 and Neeraj's mother is also not well these days. We both are fighting to get justice for our son and our hope for justice is still alive.\"The elderly couple is getting support from all the quarters. \"Neeraj's case is four years old but still we are getting support from all sections of the society, including his friends , neighbours, social outfits and like-minded people from all over the country,\" he said.After doctors diagnosed Neeraj's mother with a serious ailment, Amarnath Grover is now shattered.Neeraj was fondly addressed as Ginni by his sister and other cousins in the family as he was the only brother. \"I am nothing without Neeraj now,\" he added.Court verdict: Maria Monica Susairaj was found not guilty of killing but guilty of destroying evidence and sentenced to a maximum three years' imprisonment. She was released the following day because she had already spent more time in jail.Jerome Mathew was found guilty of culpable homicide not amounting murder and destroying evidence. He was sentenced to 10 years in prison for the killing and 3 years for destroying evidence. The sentences will be served concurrently with 3 years time served already spent. The court has also fined Susairaj and Mathew Rs 50,000, to be paid to Neeraj Grover's family.Present status of the case: According to Neeraj's parents, in October 2011, the state government had moved Bombay High Court had challenged the July 1 order of the sessions court that acquitted Maria Monica Susairaj and Jerome under Section 302 (punishment for murder) and held Jerome guilty under Section 304 (1) of the IPC for committing culpable homicide not amounting to murder and Maria guilty of destroying evidence. The matter is still in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042690", "title": "Krishna Poonia breaks national record", "text": "JAIPUR: Discus thrower Krishna Poonia continues to keep alive India's hopes of a first-ever athletics medal in the Olympic Games with another superb show in the US on Sunday.In the Altius Track Crew Throwdown meet in Hawaii's Maui Island, Krishna smashed the national record with a throw of 64.76m. It lowered Seema Antil's existing record of 64.64m, set in Chennai in 2004. In the process, Krishna won the silver medal, her second in three days.On Friday, Krishna had recorded her season's best throw of 63.67m to win the silver in the first leg of the same meet. The bronze medal in the Beijing Games went to a throw of 62.72m and if Krishna can maintain her consistency, she's a candidate for a podium finish in London.\"This is one of my happiest days,\" said Krishna, who had been eyeing this record for a long time. For her, this is one of her three most cherished milestones, the other two being winning the Commonwealth Games gold in New Delhi in 2010 and birth of her son Lakshya Raj.Krishna and her husband-cum-coach Virendra have been saying that she is capable of clocking the 65m mark, and that might happen in the London Olympic Games itself. \"She is in very good shape to win India a medal at the Olympic Games,\" Virendra said. He thanked the sports ministry and the NSNIS in Patiala for their support in her quest for an Olympic medal.On Sunday, Krishna started with a foul throw and followed it with a rather mediocre 56.96m. The national record came in her third throw and she added three more throws of over 61 metres to her name. Stephanie Trafton of the US, the reigning Olympic champion, took the gold with a throw of 66.86m, while Gia Lewis-Smallwood bagged the bronze with 63.97m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13044219", "title": "900 appear for online All India Engineering Entrance Examination", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first online AIEEE exam was conducted on Monday. Nearly 900 students appeared for the exam on day-one of the online test. However, since there was no centre in Chandigarh, Mohali or Panchkula and the students had to travel all the way to Garuam, near Kharar - where only two centers, Sachdeva Engineering College for Girls Gharuan (Kharar) and Chandigarh Group of Colleges Gharuan (Kharar-Ludhiana road) Mohali, were designated.Even for the offline exam (written) All India Architecture Examination there were only two centres in Chandigarh, - Delhi Public School ( DPS), Sector 40, and DAV School, Sector 15, on April 29. For engineering exam, students had to travel to other states. The next online exams have been scheduled for May 12, 19 and 26 this year across 22 cities in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13046595", "title": "Celebration time for Vazhakku En 18/9 team", "text": "A grand meeting was held in Chennai wherein the cast and crew of Vazhakku En 18/9 gathered to celebrate the success of the movie.Released last week, the movie produced by N Lingusamy and directed by Balaji Sakthivel featured newcomers. It spoke on a serious issue and rave reviews.At the success meet, everyone heaped laurels on the director. The artistes were congratulated on giving their best. The film had cinematography by Vijay Milton and music by guitarist Prasanna. Made on a shoe-string budget, the movie promies aplenty. It is sure to garner good revenue thanks to positive talks.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13041889", "title": "Encroachments shrink Lendi lake!", "text": "NAGPUR: Unchecked encroachments and pollution are taking a severe toll on many government land and lakes in the city.A case in point is Lendi Talao in Naik Talao prabhag in North Nagpur. Originally spread over 7 acres, the lake is now less than 3 acres due to unauthorized structures, say residents.A resident, Mohan Baisware (62) said that encroachments around the lake which began a few decades ago have now assumed enormous proportions.During a visit to the area, TOI spotted hundreds of shanties. Even concrete houses have come up in the catchment area of the lake.Residents claimed that the civic body expedited the decay of the precious water body. This is a cause for serious concern, they said.Another resident Vikas Bhusari pointed out to a sewage drain which flows into the lake and so does used water from hundreds of houses.Until a decade and a half ago, people residing around the periphery used the lake water for drinking and bathing.Now, the entire pond is covered by weeds due to unchecked growth of hyacinth, said ward corporator and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) leader Shravan Khapekar.The filthy lake has led to an increase in the mosquito menace. Besides, the lake has also turned into a garbage dump.Fearing harassment by elected representatives, residents were cautious while speaking to the media.The NMC should initiate an action plan for restoration and protection of lakes which are main sources of the increasing groundwater level. In the last two decades, encroachments have affected lakes due to the short-sighted policies of the NMC, alleged Khapekar.\"At least now the NMC should strive for the protection of catchment areas of the lake and should free them from encroachments. These measures can help save precious rainwater to revive the groundwater potential for the benefit of drinking and domestic needs of the people residing in this part of the city,\" he added.Satranjipura zone's assistant municipal commissioner Vijay Himne too admitted that encroachments have increased in the catchment area of the lake. He said that in the past too the civic body removed illegal huts. \"But they are back in no time,\" he added.Humne, however, said that within a week, the NMC will clear encroachments from the banks of the lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044307", "title": "NHAI gets an earful for tardy highway construction pace", "text": "NEW DELHI: A parliamentary standing committee has criticized the tardy pace of highway construction, noting that work had dwindled to 10.15km in 2011-12 compared to 13.72km in 2009-10.The standing committee on road transport and highways, which tabled its report in Parliament on Monday, said, \"The much talked about construction of 20km per day has been a distant dream so far.\" Coming down heavily on National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), it said the authority was not in a position to complete \"any project\". It pulled up NHAI for adding several projects without achieving targets.\"Such a slide in achieving this target by NHAI shows their deficiency either in planning of programmes or proper execution of the same,\" the report said, highlighting how NHAI has been functioning without a chairman for the past two years.The committee said NHAI will hopefully chalk out a workable solution to complete all pending projects in time, irrespective of size, to minimize the cost overrun.Expressing concern over the poor condition of national highways, the panel recommended that the issue of less availability of funds for this purpose against the actual need needed revision. \"The annual addition of NHs network should be given due consideration for allocation of funds and repaired,\" the report said.It also suggested that plans should be prepared for new roads only after ensuring availability of funds for maintenance and repair of existing roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13044432", "title": "It was a mind game with Steyn, and I won it: AB", "text": "BANGALORE: South Africa's AB de Villiers, who helped Team Bangalore to a superb five-wicket win against Hyderabad with a stunning assault on compatriot Dale Steyn, said he won the battle with the fast bowler in the mind.\"I guess we know each other pretty well and we played mind games there. Tonight was my night and I read him to perfection. I read the game better and actually played my strokes. It doesn't happen every day and I am lucky that it happened today.Steyn is a world-class bowler and he could have knocked me over with any of these balls. Unfortunately for him, I read him well tonight and this is my night,\" De Villiers, who also pocketed the Man of the Match award, told reporters.\"I think I saw him whispering to Kumar Sangakkara. I was a bit lucky to see that communication going on and I saw Sanga whispering 'short of a length' and I expected the short of a length delivery upfront but from his (Steyn's ) arm I knew he was going to go full and I backed myself to play those shots,\" he said.De Villiers said his team would love to be in the play-offs and hoped that Team Bangalore would keep the momentum going. \"It was a must-win for us, I think we needed four to five wins and now we have one under the belt. We are looking at one game at a time and we need a couple (of wins). It is not over yet. We need to go a long way and I would love to be in the knockouts and we believe that we are a good enough unit to be there. We are still lacking in a few areas in bowling, fielding and batting departments, we have to work that out.\"Asked whether he enjoyed his new role, the South African said he can adjust to different situations. \"I won't say I am a finisher of the game, I would like to think about myself as a guy who can play anywhere. It is something that I have worked on in my whole career and I used all that experience. I would like to be a guy who can adjust to situations and I would like to get better. There is room for improvement. I drew up the situation and when I came in it was about 80-odd from 40-odd balls and my game plan worked well tonight. On other nights it may not have worked,\" de Villiers said.De Villiers also said Sri Lankan Tillakaratne Dilshan played a key role in the chase. \"You can't say we left it too late because we won by seven balls to spare. I think we played it really well. We needed a solid foundation upfront and I thought Dilshan played an amazing knock and even Chris (Gayle) provided the much-needed foundation for us to close the game. Some of the guys played some amazing knocks like Mayank Agarwal (18, 6 balls, 1x4, 2x6) and his boundaries took the pressure off me. One of us had to take a lot of risk and he did that before even I did. He set it up perfectly for me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042519", "title": "CM's hand in transfer of cop who cracked down on mining mafia?", "text": "JAIPUR: After the March 22 crackdown against illegal gravel mines in Mewat's Pahari region resulting in the arrest of 97 people, some politicians had approached chief minister Ashok Gehlot against IPS officer Vikas Kumar, the SP of Bharatpur who led the drive.According to sources, the move by the politicians translated into the shifting of Vikas Kumar about a month later to the 2{+n}{+d} Armed Battalion in Kota, generally considered a punishment posting.Some local politicians had raised a hue and cry over what was termed as \"the biggest ever crackdown\" on the illegal mining in the region. These politicians alleged that most of those who were arrested were innocent people. MLA from Bharatpur's Kaman constituency Zahida Khan even approached the chief minister and chief secretary C K Methew immediately after the operation. She demanded Vikas Kumar's transfer from the district.\"I had met the chief minister when it came up that 52 of those who were arrested from the Pahari region on March 22 were completely innocent. The other 42 people were drivers and cleaners of vehicles being used in the illegal mining. Only three were real culprits. My demand to transfer him from the district was entirely based on this illegal operation,\" Khan told TOI over phone. Khan's husband Jalees Khan had also organized a sit-in against the operation.Sources close to the investigation said the 97 people arrested were ground-level operatives and had been quizzed at length for identification of the real mining mafias.\"The police had rounded up 128 people. After screening, 31 of them were released. Vikas Kumar had formed an investigation team headed by probationer IPS officer Yogesh Yadav. The team had been asked to submit a weekly report on the progress made in the identification of the real mining mafias. Vikas Kumar received only one weekly report before his transfer,\" a senior police officer in Bharatpur said.When contacted, Yogesh Yadav said the investigation is still on to identify those who had employed these 97 people. \"The results of this investigation will be out soon,\" said Yogesh refusing to disclose any further details.Khan claimed that she would not have objected if the police had arrested the real mining mafias. \"But I can not tolerate the arrest of innocent people in my constituency,\" she claimed.However, a day-long bandh was organized in Bharatpur town, a day after Kumar's transfer on April 30. \"All commercial establishments were kept closed to honour this courageous officer. People came out in the open against his transfer. He was punished for carrying out his duties with honesty,\" said Vijay Bansal, the BJP legislator from Bharatpur.Vikas Kumar, however, refused to comment. \"I don't know what people are saying. I am a civil servant Wherever the state government wants me to serve, I will try to carry out my duties to the best of my ability,\" the officer said.The 2004-batch officer had been transferred to Bharatpur, three days after the Gopalgarh violence that claimed the lives of 10 Meo Muslims on September 14 last year.\"If the government thought that he was skillful enough to be deputed in Bharatpur at a time when things were completely out of control, what has happened now? Why has he been posted in an armed battalion?\" Bansal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13045540", "title": "Graft charges force removal of rehab officer", "text": "MADURAI: After a series of complaints against the district disabled rehabilitation officer, K M Kanagaraj, the district administration has initiated action against him. He had been transferred to Dindigul. However, the concerned officer strongly denied all the allegations and said he performed his duties in a meticulous manner and claimed that he sought the transfer willingly.It was alleged that Kanagaraj was involved in many financial irregularities and failed to implement various welfare measures taken up by the district administration for the benefit of the differently abled. Official sources from the district administration said of the Rs 5 lakh allocated for computer training to the disabled, Kanagaraj utilised half of the funds for training but showed accounts for the entire amount sanctioned. There were also other financial irregularities identified in the same manner, they said.Kanagaraj was transferred 15 days ago and S Mathivanan from Dindigul took charge as district disabled rehabilitation officer on Monday.Meanwhile, posters have come up near the district collectorate hailing the transfer of Kanagaraj and urging further action against him. A Ganesh Babu from Arapalayam who posted them said Kanagaraj favoured the beneficiaries routed through NGOs and failed to provide welfare measures to individuals. \"We have been demanding relocation of the Disabled Welfare Office to the collectorate but he never cared to take any measures in this regard. He has not distributed welfare measures sanctioned by the government to differently abled in a proper manner,\" he charged.District collector U Sagayam said they have received complaints against Kanagaraj and held an inquiry. \"It was found that he resorted to financial irregularities and the report has been sent to the state government and the commissioner of rehabilitation seeking action against him,\" he said.When contacted, Kanagaraj who has assumed charge as rehabilitation officer at Dindigul strongly refuted all charges against him. \"I have maintained records for all transactions and performed my duties in a proper manner, or else the state government would have initiated action against me ,\" he stressed. He also denied involvement in any financial irregularities over funds sanctioned for computer training. \"The funds were provided for training through two NGOs. While we managed to complete training with one NGO, it has become difficult to find another NGO with a hostel facility to provide training. Hence, the process got delayed. The remaining funds are in official account for anyone to verify,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13043451", "title": "It is a free for all at Bangalore University syndicate meeting", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore University syndicate meeting on Monday witnessed scenes of hooliganism as members yelling at the top of their voices tried to attack top varsity officials and throw water bottles.The exclusion of some issues from the meeting's agenda infuriated a few members. Among the issues not listed were demands of striking non-teaching employees like continuation of Syed Jamaal as special officer in the examination section and Gangadhar Gurumuttkal as legal adviser, appointment of a public relations officer and scrapping of the permanent inquiry commission.With the meeting remaining inconclusive because of the ruckus, it has been reconvened on May 17. The meeting began with discussion on pending work on the PG Kolar centre. Members decided to raise the Rs 1.5-lakh cost-escalation issue at the next round of discussion after the finance and works committees' approval. But when the issue of non-teaching staff 's demands came up, angry syndicate members said the main items hadn't been placed by the vicechancellor before the syndicate. This led to a heated debate.\"I have never seen such atrocious behaviour from the syndicate before. Only people who were outshouting the others could be heard. They wanted me to resign. They surrounded registrar (evaluation) T Subramanya, and he was about to be attacked. They started thumping on tables and one of them even tried to throw a water bottle. There was total anarchy,\" vice-chancellor N Prabhu Dev said after the meeting. Registrar (administration) BC Mylarappa said he had sent a list of all demands of non-teaching employees and it was the V-C who decided not to include the controversial ones.Asked why the demands were not included on the agenda, the VC replied: \"There is a procedure for reopening issues. Non-teaching employees do not decide what is to be discussed at a syndicate meeting. I have gone by the principles of natural justice and the authority vested in the vice-chancellor's office.\"He justified his decision to retain Jamaal: \"The syndicate has approved his appointment, but the term wasn't mentioned. The VC was given the power to extend it. As for the PRO's deputation, it has been made by the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042028", "title": "BMC health committee to outsource CT scans", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC health committee on Monday decided to outsource operators for MRI and CT scans in four civic hospitals.Tenders are likely to be invited next month. Health committee chairman Geeta Gawli said, \"We will invite tenders for Siddharth, Rajawadi and two Bhabha hospitals in Bandra and Kurla. We will give them the charge of operation and maintenance for five or 10 years. The operators will buy and maintain the equipment and also pay a rent to the BMC. The price will remain the same for patients.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043523", "title": "Supreme Court reserves verdict on PIL seeking reference for NHRC chief\u2019s removal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday took note of \"some investigation\" by the Income Tax department into alleged corruption charges against ex-CJI KG Balakrishnan - where the petitioner claimed that a two-page note on the status of the probe was missing from the court files - prior to reserving its verdict on the PIL seeking initiation of a constitutional process for his removal as the chairman of National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).The PIL by NGO, Common Cause, heard all along by a bench of Chief Justice SH Kapadia and Justice Swatanter Kumar, was listed on Monday before a bench of Justices BS Chauhan and JS Khehar. NGO's counsel Prashant Bhushan expressed surprise that a two-page note on status of the investigation by I-T department given by Attorney General G E Vahanvati to the earlier bench was missing from the court files.Bhushan said: \"I am distressed. The AG's March 12 note has disappeared from the file. My note summarizing the charges and evidence against the NHRC chief has disappeared and the AG too has disappeared.\"Additional solicitor general Gaurab Banerjee said he was present for the government as the AG was out of town, and termed Bhushan's remarks on Vahanvati's absence as unfortunate and unwarranted.Bhushan said the AG had on March 12 informed the bench of CJI and Justice Kumar that Rs 60 lakh was paid by a law firm to Justice Balakrishnan's son-in-law for no services rendered by him and that the I-T department had not yet come across a link between the ex-CJI and the payment.The bench said, \"This means some investigation had been conducted into the allegations by an agency.\"Bhushan listed five counts of misconduct against Justice Balakrishnan to seek his removal through the constitutional process under which the government sends a reference to the Supreme Court to inquire into the allegations and give a finding whether his continuance as NHRC chief was untenable.The alleged misconduct included allotment of two plots from Tamil Nadu CM's discretionary quota to Justice Balakrishnan's cook, who was a grade IV employee in the Supreme Court.The bench wondered as to why someone would take benami property in the name of his cook rather than his children. Bhushan asked, \"Taking discretionary land allotment in his children's name would have made it obvious. It is a benami transaction because which chief minister would allot two plots to a cook?\"Bhushan alleged that Justice Balakrishnan as CJI had always stalled declaration of assets by Judges through the Right to Information Act and tried hard to elevate Justice P D Dinakaran as a Judge of the Supreme Court, despite evidence presented to him against such a move.He cited an instance, where a Union minister had allegedly tried to coerce a Madras HC judge in a criminal case and that the Judge complained in writing to the then Chief Justice H L Gokhale (now a SC Judge). But Justice Balakrishnan attempted to protect the minister by publicly stating that the then HC CJ in his report had never mentioned the minister's name. This warranted issuance of an unprecedented press release from Justice Gokhale that the minister's name was an integral part of his report to then CJI Balakrishnan.Bhushan added: \"More than adequate reasons exist for a Presidential Reference to the Supreme Court for inquiry into the allegations against Justice Balakrishnan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13041701", "title": "Will Alina Saldanha's induction in the cabinet give unfair advantage to the BJP in the Cortalim by-polls?", "text": "Not really. If she will continue Matanhy's good work - to which we were all witness. Why would it be questioned? It would be stupid to make this an issue considering the unfair means used by other parties, such as distribution of cash during elections to win seats and sell Goa for a song.Rohit Rebelomarketing, VernaNo, the victory of the widow of Goa's late iconic leader, Matanhy Saldanha, in Cortalim's by-polls seems quiet inevitable considering the sympathy votes she will attract in her favour. Also, the induction is legal since it is the CM's prerogative to induct any person in his cabinet. But the question of electoral ethics will be at stake for the BJP if it goes ahead with the induction.Shilpa Singhlecturer, PanajiYes, the induction of Alina will give unfair advantage to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the forthcoming Cortalim assembly polls. There is a possibility of some people voting for her by rejecting other candidates if she is made a cabinet minister.Michelle Oliveiraservice, MercesThe BJP leaders have always been masters of manipulation. From a simple leader, the BJP leaders have made Matanhy a hero and are now trying to cash in on his death by inducting his widow Alina into the cabinet. However, the people of Cortalim constituency won't be carried away by the cabinet post offered to her. So the party will not be able to take any unfair advantage.Gajendranath Usgaonkarlawyer, Porvorim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13042926", "title": "Shehla Masood murder case: Lawyer dismisses talks about Zaheda\u2019s divorce", "text": "INDORE: Prime accused in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case, Zaheda Parvez's lawyer on Monday termed the news of divorce between his client and her husband Asad Parvez as mere 'figment of imagination.' He was talking to media persons after a hearing of his client in the court of Special CBI Magistrate Dr Shubhra Singh.Zaheda's lawyer A H Khan said, \"Zaheda is very disturbed by the news about her divorce. I talked to Asad and he clarified that there were some family issues but he has not divorced Zaheda and he has no intention of doing it either.\" He further stated that Zaheda is worried by the abrupt closure of her business and financial problems after her arrest. Zaheda Parvez along with Saba Farooqui, Saqib 'Danger,' Irfan and Tabish were produced before CBI court. The court extended their judicial remand till May 18. Unlike the previous occasion, this time Zaheda and Saba restrained from talking to media. Khan said she is facing some personal problems which she wanted to share with the judge.About the recovery of mobile phones from the possession of co-accused Saba in jail, Khan said Zaheda's daughter had topped her examination and she wanted to talk to her mother. The cell phone might have been given to Saba so that Zaheda could speak with her daughter, said the defense lawyer. There was no conspiracy and attempt to contact anyone. He stressed that the CBI has failed to establish a case against his client. \"CBI's investigation and theory of crime is very contradictory and so far they have failed to establish their own theory. Their case is weak,\" said Khan adding that he is waiting for the chargesheet to be filed so that he can move bail application for his client.Meanwhile, Saqib Danger pleaded innocence while being escorted out of court. He said he does not know Dhruv Narayan Singh. \"I don't know Dhruv Narayan Singh and I have not received any money for the alleged murder,\" he said. BJP MLA Singh has been on the radar of the investigating agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "13041477", "title": "'Mining in Maharashtra affecting Goa's rivers, ecology'", "text": "KERI: Increasing mining activity in border areas of Maharashtra's Dodamarg and Sawantwadi taluka are badly affecting Goa's environment and ecology. If no timely step is taken to curtail it, it will enhance the intensity of problems, say environmentalists.Sindhudurg, which has the highest green cover (49%) in Maharashtra, was declared as the first eco-tourism district in the country in 1997, but allowing 49 mining leases for extracting iron and bauxite ores will pose a serious threat to the ecology of the district. Thirty two of these mining permits have been given in the Sawantwadi and Dodamarg zone which has the highest forest cover within Sindhudurg.Records from Sawantwadi forest department showed that the area has the presence of four tigers, 32 leopards and other wild animals. The principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) A K Joshi said, \"The new mining activities in ecologically fragile areas would be a severely regressive step with wide environmental ramifications and spell doom for flora and fauna conservation efforts.\"In October 2010, the Union ministry of environment and forests had put an eight-month moratorium on 49 mining leases in Sindhudurg and asked the government of Maharashtra to review the leases as these were allegedly based on a faulty environment impact assessment report.In 2006, Sindhudurg mining corporation pvt ltd signed a memorandum of understanding with the government of Maharashtra for setting up of a 1,000 crore greenfield project that involved prospecting of low 'fe value' branded iron formation available in Sindhudurg for mining and extracting and setting up a facility for processing and upgrading the material to value-added concentrate.Out of eleven rivers, two important rivers of Goa, Tiracol and Colvale originate in Maharashtra. Tiracol originates in Manohargad area of Sawantwadi, whereas Colvale originates in Tudiye of Changad in Kolhapur district.Claude Alvares of Goa Foundation said, \"Tiracol and Colvale, both these rivers are the lifeline for Pernem, Bicholim and Bardez talukas. The mining activities in the border areas of Maharashtra have already begun to pollute these rivers and causing permanent mutilation of the wildlife habitat.\"Presently, mining activities have already begun in Kalane, Sateli-Satarda, Redi areas of Maharashtra. Mining in Sateli has polluted the River Tiracol whereas Kalane's mine has posed a serious threat to the River Kalane, the main feeder of the River Colvale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044461", "title": "MBBS cut-off marks may go down", "text": "CHENNAI: The cut-off marks for MBBS admissions are likely to go down this year, giving higher chances of admissions to students from the previous batches, academicians say. The sale of applications for MBBS will begin on May 15 and the counselling will start on July 2.On Monday, health minister V S Vijay said students will be able to download MBBS application forms or buy them from May 15 and submit them till June 2. Random numbers will be declared on June 15 and the merit list will be released on June 20. The first phase of counselling will begin on July 2, he said.Educational consultants forecast the scores in Physics and Biology to be lower this year as the papers were tough. \"This is likely to bring down the cut-off by 0.5 to 1.25 marks. It will give an edge to students of previous batches,\" said educational consultant Jaya Prakash Gandhi.Tamil Nadu government allows students of previous batches to apply for the courses this year and there are no limitations on the number of seats that can be granted to students of previous years. In the last three years, the cut-off for MBBS admissions has been increasing by 0.5 to 1 mark, making it tough for students of previous batches.This year, the state is likely to add 285 seats in the government medical colleges. Vijay said MCI permission was likely to come for a new medical college in Sivaganga. The state has asked MCI to increase seats in four medical colleges, including Madras Medical College and Stanley Medical College in Chennai. At the Madras Medical College, the seats are likely to increase from 165 to 250 in Madras Medical College and at Stanley Medical College, it may go up from 150 to 250. There will be 50 seats each in Chengalpet and Kilpauk Medical College.Tamil Nadu has 17 government medical colleges with 1,945 seats. \"Once the MCI gives the permission, the student intake will be increased in these colleges,\" the minister said. The state government was taking all steps to upgrade the infrastructure facilities before increasing the number of seats in medical colleges. Apart from improving infrastructure, steps are on to increase faculty strength and procure modern medical equipment, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13044283", "title": "School-time buddies bond over food, travel", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's hard to catch some free time with young businessmen Navpreet Singh, Gurpinder Singh, Jatinder Singh, Karamdeep Singh and Maninder Singh on weekdays but it's almost impossible to get them on Sundays. Friends since their school days, the five have set aside the day exclusively to chill out with each other and boast of visiting every food joint in the city.''All five of us are such foodies that we also make it a point to be at the inauguration of any new restaurant in the city,'' says Dugri-resident Gurpinder Singh, ''Khopa'' to his friends. Laughing loud as he nods in agreement, Model Town's Navpreet, aka ''Nadu'', says the five were together till Class X and then went on their own ways. ''But because of our similar interests and the bond we had built in school we have stayed in touch all these years. My friends are my energy. I have a printing and designing business and I look forward to Sundays so that I can enjoy a break with my friends,'' he says. Before Navpreet can go on, Dhandran Road-resident Jatinder lets out the secret that ''Nadu'' is the biggest eater among them.As Navpreet prepares a fitting rebuttal, Guprinder says at such times he misses school days when they used to meet every day. ''I know it is not possible for time to stop and I am happy that even though our lives have changed our friendship has remained the same because we understand each other. I am also proud that we never bicker or fight,'' he adds.Calling themselves lucky, Canal Enclave-resident Karamdeep says, ''Our friendship is a blessing because very few relationships sustain for long. I think it is also because each of is generally very calm.'' Maninder, who stays in Dugri Phase-I, shares that food is not the only thing they bond over. ''We have travelled together to many places. Our most common quick get away is Chandigarh. We have also gone to Goa, Solan, Shimla and Bangkok,'' he says, adding that their next trip will be to Hemkunt Sahib.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13041142", "title": "Kolkata dislodge Delhi from top of table with sixth straight win", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Delhi are no doubt missing England's Kevin Pietersen. Though the aggressive intent of the team is still there, without Pietersen's consistency the spark seems to be missing, as was evident in the team's defeat to Kolkata at the Ferozeshah Kotla on Monday.Scorecard | Match in Pics | Watch IPL HighlightsThe six-wicket win - the sixth consecutive one for Gautam Gambhir's team - made Kolkata the new table toppers in the competition, dethroning Delhi from the pedestal.Delhi disappointed in front of a packed home ground. They managed 153/8 in their 20 stipulated overs but the total seemed inadequate and in reply, Kolkata reached the winning score with eight balls to spare. This was only the third loss for Delhi in 11 games. Pietersen's replacement David Warner did give a good start to their innings, but somewhere down the line Delhi failed to get going. Against a bowling attack which had the likes of Sunil Narine, Brett Lee and Jacques Kallis, Delhi's big guns failed to come to the party. The total was boosted only by Irfan Pathan's late charge (36 off 22 balls, 2X4, 1X6).Kolkata's batsmen, on the other hand, were much more disciplined. Opener Brendon McCullum (56 off 44 balls) top scored, sharing a crucial opening stand of 68 with skipper Gautam Gambhir (36 off 21 balls) and another partnership of 60 runs with Jacques Kallis (30) which sealed the match in Kolkata's favour.Delhi pacers Varun Aaron and Umesh Yadav impressed but eventually failed to swing the match in the team's favour. Yadav was on a hat-trick after he dismissed both McCullum and Kallis one after the other. These two wickets also raised a little bit of hope for Delhi, but it was all a bit too late.Earlier, at the start of the Delhi innings, Kolkata's Brett Lee did bowl a maiden over but Delhi raced to 40 in less than four overs. Skipper Sehwag raced to 23 runs off 9 balls but couldn't go on to make a sixth consecutive half century. Kallis was the pick of the Kolkata bowlers, being ably supported by Narine.Jaywardene survived a close caught-behind-the-wicket appeal off Kallis, then got into an altercation after Kolkata skipper Gautam Gambhir, but wasn't in his elements and got run out while stealing a single. Ross Taylor too struggled, playing out 27 balls for a scratchy 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13044441", "title": "\u2018Hitler used cocaine, had fart problem\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Adolf Hitler was apparently a coke head who farted uncontrollably, ingested some 28 drugs at a time and received injections of bull testicle extracts to bolster his libido.It's a whole other side to the Nazi dictator, whose poor health condition was revealed in medical documents that are now up for auction online at Alexander Historical Auctions of Stamford.Bidding for the documents - which include ten X-rays of various views of the dictator's skull, the results of several electroencephalogram (EEG) tests and sketches of the inside of his nose - ends Tuesday and Wednesday. The cache consists of a 47-page account compiled by his six chief physicians, each specializing in different areas of treatment, and of a 178-page report dated June 12, 1945, which was compiled by Dr Erwin Giesing, while he was interned by US forces.The US military commissioned the medical reports provided by Hitler's personal doctors, Bill Panagopulos, president of Alexander Autographs the New York Daily News . Among the more surprising notes, Autographs said, was that the \"Mein Kampf \" madman used powdered cocaine extensively to soothe his sinuses and throat, and was also prone to passing gas. In the attempt to control it, the Nazi dictator regularly ingested up to 28 drugs, including \"anti-gas\" pills which containing strychnine, a poison , \"which probably explains his stomach pains\" , he said.Hitler also used chamomile plants as a \"cleansing enema\" , the reports said. One of the doctors reported that the Mein Kampf madman received injections of extracts of seminal vesicles, testis and prostata of young bulls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13043757", "title": "Early bonanza for wildlife enthusiasts", "text": "COIMBATORE: Thanks to the summer rains that lashed Anamalai-Parambikulam stretch in the Western Ghats last week, wildlife enthusiasts can now enjoy the spectacular views of the wilderness and the magnificent wildlife that inhabit both the Anamalai and Parambikulam tiger reserves. On Friday, May 4, both reserves, which have enormous tourism potential, opened its doors to visitors, as the heavy rains ensured adequate water for the animals besides keeping wildfires at bay.The reserves had been closed during the first week of March, because of the depleting water level and the dryness which increased the risk of wildfires. Although no wildfires in the reserves have been reported since 2007, thanks to strict vigil and the community forest protection groups, the authorities preferred to be safe than sorry. The earlier decision was to reopen the forests during the onset of the South West Monsoon, towards the end of June. But due to the early rains, both reserves have been opened to the public.Top Slip was flocked by outdoor enthusiasts on the day it reopened. The safari service is one of the most popular activities where elephants Ramu, Bharani, Venkatesh, Kapil Dev , Kalpana and Bhari take visitors through assigned routes. The 30-minute elephant safari costs Rs 400 per head. \"A few more elephants will be added to the safari service to meet the summer rush,\" said M Thiyagarajan, DFO, Pollachi. As the showers have eclipsed the possibility of wildfires, tourists have been permitted to venture into other parts of the Anamalai reserve including Valaparai, Manampalli, Udumalai, Amaravathy and Monkey Falls.In Parambikulam, forest authorities have resumed activities including night safari, trekking, guided forest trails, tribal symphony gatherings, bamboo rafting and bird watching. Though located in Palakkad district of Kerala, Parambikulam is surrounded by forests and its only entry is through Anamalai Tiger Reserve. Consequently, visitors can experience both reserves in one stretch.Parambikulam has better accommodation facilities including tree top huts and green guest houses. Packages are available from Rs 4000 per day onwards. According to K Vijayanand, deputy director and wildlife warden at Parambikulam, visitors can see a variety of animals in close quarters including over 20 tigers. \"The summer rains have advanced the much awaited reopening. Water level in the Parambikulam reservoir rose to 43.40 feet from about 21 feet in March,'' he said.As per official statistics, over 47,500 people visited Parambikulam during last fiscal and larger crowds are expected this year. Breathtaking landscapes, lush green meadows and scenic reservoirs have been attracting crowds to the reserves over the years. No poaching has been reported in the last three years. Apart from tigers, one can also spot gaurs, elephants and sambar deer. Both reserves are plastic free and tourism operations are conducted in an eco-friendly manner.Those interested in visiting the reserves can contact authorities in Parambikualm at 09442201690 and 08903645026.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042577", "title": "Madhya Pradesh govt doctors to quit en masse on July 1", "text": "BHOPAL: After a gap of four years, around 4,500-odd government doctors including those who are on contract basis in Madhya Pradesh , have joined hands and resolved to resign en masse on Doctor's Day on July 1, alleging that they were being denied of judicious perks and timely promotion.If the doctors go ahead with their strike plan, the health service would be crippled given that these doctors treat lakhs of patients in as many as 1,156 primary health centres (PHC), 313 community health centres, 56 civil and 50 district hospitals across the state. \"We resigned en masse four years ago and at that time, the government had assured us and passed an order regarding better promotion and perks. But this was not implemented till date,\" MP Medical Officer Association (MPMOA) president Dr Lalit Shrivastava told TOI.He said that some MBBS doctors haven't got promotion since last 28 years. Dr Shrivastava said that they did not want to paralyze the health service in the state and cause inconvenience to people, but there was no other way out to draw the attention of the government towards their problems. MPMOA general secretary Dr Anand Sharma said the contractual doctors working in hospitals and health centres need to be regularized. \"The contractual doctors are with us. We met on Sunday here and decided to resign en masse,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13043863", "title": "State trains sights on Buddhist tourism", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government plans to tap in the tourism potential of famous Buddhist sites by asking the Indian Railways to run the Mahaparinirvan Express, a special Buddhist train, in Odisha.\"We are trying to convince the Railways to extend the Buddhist train's route to Odisha. If through, we can expect arrival of more tourists, particularly foreigners from Buddhist nations,\" state tourism director H S Upadhyay told TOI.Sources said the department recently spoke with functionaries of the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited (IRCTC), a subsidiary of Railways, to explore feasibility of extending the train's route. At present, the Mahaparinirvan Express covers Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi, connecting several Buddhist sites in Bodhgaya, Nalanda, Rajgir, Sarnath, Gorakhpur, Khushinagar, Gonda, Sravasti and Agra. The entire package consists of seven nights and eight days. Under the package, pilgrims are also taken to Lumbini in Nepal by bus from Khushinagar, the sources added.\"Odisha has several fascinating Buddhist sites such as Dhauli, Langudi, Lalitgiri, Ratnagiri and Udayagiri. The government is taking measures to beautify those sites,\" Upadhyay said.Sources said the Odisha chapter of Indian Association of Tour Operators (IATO) had in the past demanded the government to extend the Buddhist train's route to the state. \"It had been a longstanding demand. It is good if the state government facilitates extension of the train route. Since tribal tourism is in the doldrums, we need to tap the Buddhist tourism sector,\" Bhubaneswar-based tour operator Benjamin Simon said.Even though thousands of tourists from East Asia, South-East Asia and Nepal visit Bodh Gaya in Bihar every year, the footfall in Odisha is abysmally poor. Sources said nearly 1,175 tourists from South Korea visited the state in 2009. A little over 3500 visitors from Japan toured Odisha same year. In all, 8,547 tourists from different South East Asian countries had thronged to the state in 2009.Travel professionals faulted the state government for poor promotion of Buddhist tourism abroad. At a recent entrepreneurs' conference in Bhubaneswar, some tour operators from China and Japan expressed ignorance about the presence of a host of enchanting Buddhist sites in Odisha. \"We had not expected to see those enchanting relics of Lord Buddha, huge monasteries, stone stupas, sculptures and images of Buddha and Bodhisattvas in Odisha,\" a tour and travel professional, Kiatfuengfoo, had told TOI.The foreign tour operators had advised the government to organize road shows and travel fairs in Buddhist nations. The view was echoed by those in the domestic circuit. \"Vibrant publicity and better air connectivity to South East Asian countries can bring in more visitors to Buddhist sites in Odisha,\" said Srimant Kumar Dash, president of India-Japan Friendship Centre, a voluntary organization. \"There should be more interpretation centres at Buddhist sites. Trained guides and scholars should be present there to explain to tourists about the historical and archaeological importance of the place,\" Dash added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "namma metro is slipping up on its deadlines", "code": "13043505", "title": "Litigation holds up Metro\u2019s north line", "text": "Namma Metro is slipping up on its deadlines: two court cases over land acquisition are holding up work on crucial sections of the northern line between Malleswaram and Hesaraghatta Cross. Officials of the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC), which had plans to commence commercial operations on the sector by this year-end, said the cases have delayed work by at least 10 months.The first case pertains to acquisition of a strip of land near the Karnataka Soap and Detergents Limited (popularly known as Soap Factory) to build a Metro station. There was relief for BMRC when the high court dismissed an appeal against land acquisition by the land owner, GM Babu. But the court also stayed its verdict for two weeks to enable the parties to move the apex court, and ordered status quo for three weeks from April 28.BMRC will begin land acquisition and ground work on the station from May 10, subject to any order from the Supreme Court.\"Work has certainly been affected, but even if litigation continues, we should be able to complete civil works on the rest of the line.The progress of the viaduct construction in the northern line is going on at a good pace, except for the station at the soap factory,\" said a BMRC spokesperson.Another legal hurdle is holding up work on a 500-metre viaduct of the northern line near Dasarahalli. The dispute here is between two government agencies: the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and BMRC. Metro's proposal to construct the viaduct on a piece of land already acquired by NHAI is at the root of this legal dispute.\"Reach 3B is the third stretch of the northern line.We will be able to complete that within the given deadline. We are looking at the possibility of opening Reach 3 and 3A from Malleswaram to Peenya by the year-end,\" officials said.The northern line of the first phase of Namma Metro has three stretches - Reach 3, 3A and 3B. BMRC has completed 91% of viaduct construction on Reach 3, and 60% civil works at stations. The viaduct construction of the 3A and 3B extensions are 91% and 58% complete, but work at six stations on the stretch is progressing at snail's pace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13043424", "title": "Kochi to get Doppler radar by year-end", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi will get a Doppler radar by the year end as the installation work is moving at a fast pace at Palluruthy in West Kochi. The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said once commissioned, this S-band Doppler radar system will give accurate and location specific weather information.The new complex that is being constructed at a cost of Rs 7 crore will accommodate the 10-meter high, 15-tonne S-band Doppler radar that is currently under construction. The Doppler radar is being developed by Bharat Electronics Limited at project cost of about Rs 10 crore.P S Biju, director in-charge of IMD Thiruvananthapuram said Doppler radar system is unique in its functioning and can measure the velocity of the particles inside the weather system. \"The 10-meter-high radar would transmit climatic data including cloud density, amount of rainfall and thunderstorm. The information would be further disseminated to the public through the IMD web portal,\" he said.The new radar system would replace the conventional cyclone detection radar, which is currently under operation for over two decades at the Southern Naval Command.\"In the conventional cyclone detection radar, the cyclone tracking system is manual and its movement needs to be recorded with human intervention every hour. The new radar system has an auto-prediction and computerized monitoring system, by which the data is updated digitally at intervals of half-an-hour,\" Biju said.Biju also said the second Doppler radar in the state would come up at Thiruvananthapuram in the next phase. \"With one more system coming up at Mangalore along the Easterncoast, the whole of Kerala would be covered and accurate weather information would be disseminated,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "13043245", "title": "Pavagada techie dies in UK", "text": "TUMKUR: A sense of disbelief hangs heavy on Yerammanahalli village of Pavagada taluk in Tumkur distict. The villagers are not ready to believe that a boy who was born and grew up in their midst before going on to become a software professional with a Bangalore company, was killed in a road accident in distant London. N Raghavendra, 28, was heading to Heathrow Airport en route to home on Saturday.The only son of agriculturist Nagareddy and wife Shakuntalamma, Raghavendra was the pride of the village, located on the state's border with Andhra Pradesh. The lone software professional from the village married his colleague, Hemamalini, three months ago. Employed with Potential Semac Consultants Pvt Ltd, Raghavendra was sent to London in the last week of April on an assignment.On Saturday, Raghavendra had to emplane for home and was travelling in a cab to Heathrow when the accident happened. A tyre of the cab burst, and the car toppled over thrice, killing Raghavendra instantly, his family members said.\"I can't believe my son is dead. Before he left for London, he came home and told us he would be back soon. God is not with us. He was our sole purpose of existence. What do I do now?\" a distraught Nagareddy lamented. Schooled in the Siddaganga Mutt institutions of Tumkur, Raghavendra did his BE from Nitte Engineering College in Bangalore. He has an elder sister. The body is expected to arrive here on Wednesday.Raghavendra's colleagues and seniors at Potential Semac Consultants in Chamarajpet, Bangalore, offered no comment on the tragic development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13045621", "title": "Mobiles worth 1.46 lakh stolen", "text": "SURAT: As many as 108 mobile phones worth Rs 1.46 lakh were stolen from a shop in Katargam in the last two days. A compliant was registered on Monday morning at the Katargam police station.Miscreants entered the shop Shree Ganesh Mobile in Ratna Mala Complex by removing the exhaust fan. Owners came to know about the theft on Monday morning when they opened the shop, which was closed on Sunday. The theft is believed to have been carried out between Saturday evening and Monday morning.Police are questioning the security guard and regular visitors at the shop as only known persons are familiar with the exhaust hole. The shutter was not broken to avoid getting noticed by passersby or security person.Police are questioning the locals to find out the exact time as removing the exhaust fan must have created some noise. The miscreants stole models of various brands including Chinese products. Police believe that the theft has been carried out by history-sheeters.No CCTV cameras were installed in the shop and police have not got any specific clue. \"Someone must have noticed the shop properly before carrying out the theft. The entry point was also chosen with a planning to enter and remove the valuables without getting noticed. A large number of people visit the shop as it deals in mobile and recharge vouchers hence it is difficult to identify the person as this point,\" said A R Chaudhary, police inspector, Katargam police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13044061", "title": "Fodder scam: 40 convicts to face jail term", "text": "RANCHI: A special CBI court on Monday pronounced sentence for 40 persons convicted in the multi-crore fodder scam.The court of Ganapty Tiwary awarded four to seven years of rigorous imprisonment to the guilty and slapped fines ranging from Rs 25,000 to Rs 2 crore on them. Last Thursday, the court had convicted and sentenced 29 other accused in the same case. SSP CBI RC Chaudhary said the case was related to fraudulent withdrawal of around Rs 47.5 crore from Doranda treasury in 1990-95.Special CBI advocate S K Lal said that there were 111 accused in the case, of which 22 died during the course of the trial. One turned approver and one did not turn up. Of the 86 convicts, court had sentenced 29 last Thursday.\"Today the court sentenced the remaining 40 convicts for a period ranging from four to seven years and imposed fine ranging from Rs 25,000 to Rs 2 crore. In case the convicts fail to pay the fine the period of imprisonment will increase,\" said the advocate. A fine of Rs 2 crore has been slapped on KN Jha, Junul Bhengraj and KM Prasad and Rs 1 crore on RR Sahay, BB Prasad and NN Singh.The fodder scam hit the headlines in mid 1990s, when politicians including the then chief minister Lalu Prasad and former chief minister Jaggnath Mishra along with senior IAS officer were accused of illegal withdrawal of around Rs 900 crore from different treasuries using forged documents for purchase of cattle feed. Lalu and Mishra have also been convicted in five cases related to the scam.A senior official of CBI said till date, courts have passed judgment in 42 out of 61 cases. Of these 61 cases, 53 were lodged in Jharkhand, which then was a part of united Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042295", "title": "Promising a job in Singapore, man duped of Rs 5.25 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR: Some people duped a man of nearly Rs 5.25 lakh on the pretext of getting him a job in Singapore. The victim has lodged a case of cheating against the gang at Nahargarh police station. According to the police, the victim Joginder Singh, a native of Uniaron Ka Raasta in his FIR stated that during August 2011 his cousin Chandrabhan Singh had promised a nice job in a foreign country.\"Later Chandrabhan introduced the victim to his friends based in Bhantinda, Punjab who promised him a job in Singapore. The victim liked the idea and paid Rs 2 lakh as cash and Rs 3.25 in the bank account given by the accused identified as Jaikaran Singh, Bhupendra Singh and Amar Singh Dhariwal,\" said an officer with Nahagarh police station on Monday.Later the victim was invited to Delhi where the accused fooled him in the name of providing him a visa and passport for Singapore.The victim has also lodged an abduction case against the accused. \"During December 2011 he was invited to a resort in Chandigarh where he was kept as hostage. Finally the victim managed to free himself,\" police said. \"The victim has lodged a case of cheating and abduction against the accused on Sunday. We have lodged the case and initiated investigations,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13046856", "title": "Happy with woman power in B-Town: Revathy", "text": "Actress-turned-director Revathy is happy that women are getting to show their power in all spheres of entertainment industry.\"As far as women behind the camera is concerned, it is very very good to see a whole lot of women coming into different fields. It feels good,\" Revathy told IANS.However, she still feels there is more scope for women-oriented content in tinsel town.\"I don't think woman-oriented films have started getting appreciation. There were women-oriented films before. In between they disappeared, and they have just come back now,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13044487", "title": "Small detour, big burn", "text": "Because of the traffic diversions introduced on Anna Salai for work on metro rail, a person driving a car from Nandanam Signal to General Patters Road and back burns, on an average, extra petrol worth Rs 9. While that may not appear to be a large amount for an individual driving a car, because it is Anna Salai, one of the busiest thoroughfares in the country, the cumulative cost to motorists is staggering.According to the highways department, 16,276 passenger car units (PCUs) cross the CIT Nagar signal, 21,985 the Nandanam signal and around 20,000 Anna (Gemini) Flyover per hour during peak time. \"So around 10,000 PCUs head from Nandanam to GP Road and another 10,000 in the opposite direction each hour,\" said a official of the metro wing of the highways department.One PCU is one car, or two motorbikes. A bus is measured as 3.2 PCUs. There are 26 lakh two-wheelers and 5.67 lakh cars in the city. At the ratio of 1:5, the 10,000 PCUs comprise 16,000 two-wheelers (8,000 PCUs) and 2,000 cars (2,000 PCUs).Assuming that most vehicles run on petrol and that the average mileage for 10,000 PCUs (cars and motorbikes combined) is 36 km per litre in congested traffic, there is an overall expenditure of Re 1 per vehicle for the additional 500 metres that one is forced to travel while going from Nandanam Signal to Gemini Flyover via Venkatnarayana Road, Boag Road and G N Chetty Road.The combined additional cost for the 10,000 PCUs that take the diversion every hour is Rs 10,000. People have quickly got frustrated with the traffic snarls on the diversion, on Boag Road and G N Chetty Road. \"It is easier to take T T K Road, Radhakrishnan Road and Kamrajar Salai while heading to Parry's Corner,\" said Gopal Krishnan, a professional who lives in Saidapet.On the way back , motorists drive or ride through General Patters Road and Whites Road to Anna Salai. The new route adds 500 metres to the normal trip. This is a 10% increase in the 10 km commute from the Nandanam signal to G P Road and back.With a cost of Rs 20,000 per hour, traffic diversions cost Rs 20 lakh a day or Rs 2.31 every second. Apart from the monetary loss, an experiment by this newspaper showed that a person takes 22 minutes to travel from Nandanam to Gemini in a car as opposed to just four minutes by Metropolitan Transport Corporation buses that have a dedicated lane on Anna Salai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042406", "title": "Principals shirking work, paper-leak panel finds", "text": "MUMBAI: The committee inquiring into the TYBMS paper leak has stumbled upon a disturbing practice that makes the issue of exam-season security more serious. Sources said that as the committee visited several colleges in the city, members found that at many institutes, principals were not assuming the role of chief conductor of examination.At Cosmopolitan's Valia College, Andheri--one of the institutes where a packet of the international finance question paper was broken--it was found that the principal was not the chief conductor of the exam. Similarly, at Rutumbara College, the principal was away on holiday and had assigned her job to a senior faculty member of the college.\"In several colleges, we found that the principal, who is supposed to act as the chief conductor of examinations, and keep safe custody of question papers, is not doing so,\" said a source. The committee is still visiting the 10 colleges that returned opened packets of the leaked TYBMS question paper.Of the 58 centres where the exam was conducted, question paper packets at a minimum of 10 colleges were broken despite directions from university officials not to open them. University officials said they had informed all colleges that the paper had leaked and had asked them not to open the packets as fresh papers were being sent electronically. But the staff of many colleges told the inquiry committee that university officials informed them about the paper leak as late as 2.50 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047981", "title": "This year, moment, title - belongs to me: Vanya Mishra", "text": "Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2012 Vanya Mishra describes her journey from a 19-year-old engineering student from Chandigarh to a beauty queenPFMI World Vanya Mishra sounds a little breathless on the phone, and who would blame her? After a grueling 12-hour photo shoot, the beauty queen is now hurrying to the airport to catch a flight to Pune. \"It's hectic, but I'm loving it,\" she tells us.We ask her to elaborate on this post-win feeling, and she says, \"Well, you're a teenage girl. This is your first Miss India contest. You've been watching it on TV your whole life. So many of the people who've inspired you, have become successful through this very platform. They've made a successful career out of this. Fame is one, but I think, for a young girl like me - it's a sense of achievement. Everybody has a certain aim in life, and you follow a certain path to achieve it, I chose this. And now, no matter what - I will be known as a Miss India World, forever in my life. It totally belongs to me. That year, that moment, that title...\"When she looks back, she can't really point out - when it all 'began'. But besides her hard work, brain cells, endless legs and pretty face, this 19-year-old girl from Chandigarh also has her mother, fate, Dabur and social networking media to thank.\"I came into this pageant through the Dabur Gulabari round, it was a wild card entry to the top 20, and it was through Facebook. I really wasn't sure about applying, I didn't think it would be something that would start from Facebook. But it was my mom who told me that I was getting a chance to enter PFMI top 20, that I should go for it. I got chosen and that was only the beginning. I was then called to audition in Delhi. Around 12 girls from Delhi were selected, after I won that, I was up against the winners from all the other states. The day I won that final round, that was when I finally started believing that things are finally taking shape, that I was actually entering the top 20. It happened on January 9, my place in the top 20 was confirmed right there and then, when the other finalists were not even decided, that's when the anticipation slowly started building up. That's how it all began.\"Before this, Vanya was busy studying for her semester exams. An engineering student entering a beauty pageant, quite a contradiction, non ? Here's where Vanya and you would disagree. \"During my school days I was always a 93-94% scorer. In my 10 th boards, I topped math with a 100%. I was also very active in sports. I was a gold medalist skater in 7 th grade. I was into dancing. So, overall I have been, an all-rounder. Miss India has been on my mind since I was 12. This is something I always knew I would never give up on. No matter what, I would give it a try. I was in the engineering field, and everybody asked me, 'how will shift your focus to something that is so different from academics?' But I said, 'No, being a beauty queen is not just about being a model and I think, this year. It showed in all the winners. Two of us are engineers,\" she argues.So, for someone's whose only 19, with no modeling background whatsoever, the contest must have been intimidating at times. \"Swimsuit was one (scary experience),\" she says after a pause and then dismisses it offhandedly, \"The way I carried it off, the confidence with which I did that round - not just once, I wore it a lot many times, nobody could've actually said that I was doing it for the first time. It wasn't just the swimsuit, even the Q&A; round. During the top 5 one, I was the last one to go, the last one on stage. I even asked the anchor to repeat the question. That final moment, it's your decider ... decider of your destiny. Either you're gonna make or you won't, so I think that pressure builds up. I wasn't as scared for the top 10 Q&A;, but the top 5 one, I knew it was make or break - that stresses you all the more. I was honest, I think that was liked by all the judges.\"So what's next, we ask. \"Definitely, my international pageant,\" she replies. \"We all know how desperately India wants the Miss World crown... back. It's been so many years, more than a decade (since we won). I don't have much time, the finals have been preponed. So that's my main focus. It's why I am here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042470", "title": "Hijack hoax delays Jet flight by 2 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: A hoax call about a plane being hijacked delayed the departure of a Jet Airways flight on Monday. The flight was about to take off when a hijack threat call was received by airline officials, leading to checks and a delay in departure.The incident happened at 6pm, when the flight was almost ready to depart and boarding of 100 passengers was complete.According to airport officials, the airline call centre received an anonymous call claiming there was a hijacker on the aircraft. \"As per the protocol, all passengers were deplaned and thorough checks were carried out,\" an airport official said, adding \"The aircraft was eventually cleared for take-off.\"A Jet spokesperson said, \"Jet flight 9W483 from Mumbai to Bangalore was delayed after an anonymous hijack threat call.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13043016", "title": "V-C appoints Pandey as senior librarian", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University vice-chancellor Prof MK Mishra gave the charge of senior librarian, student union to NK Pandey, faculty, department of physics on Monday. Pandey has replaced Prof Sudhir Panwar who was appointed in August 2011.Sources in the university believe that the sudden decision to remove Prof Panwar was because of his inclination towards the ruling Samajwadi Party , which many teachers objected and reported to the V-C. The post of senior librarian assumed significance after the state government asked the universities to hold student union elections from the academic session 2012-13. The role of senior librarian is of utmost importance in holding the elections.It is to note that on the direction of state government, university has started the preparation for elections. Two high-level meetings of university functionaries were held in the month of April. Moreover, the university also announced the election dates well in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13044297", "title": "Forces gain trust during Red raids", "text": "BOKARO: The security forces on Monday returned from the Jhumra hills after a three-day anti-Naxalite operation, codenamed 'Thunder'. The forces have not succeeded in making any arrest or recovery of arms and explosives but the police claimed that they had achieved an intangible success and gained confidence of villagers staying in remote areas of the hilly terrain.Searching Maoists in forest covers and in about dozen villages at the foothill and atop Jhumra, the police came across several problems related to health, water and others faced by villagers and provided help to them.SP Kuldeep Dwivedi, who headed the team remaining in jungles for three days along with CRPF commandants Padm Kumar and R M Sampar, said he was surprised to see the villagers who earlier used to run off seeing the men in khaki greeting them and sharing their problems during search operation.\"The way residents of the villages interacted with us has proved that they now have a trust in the cops. This is one of the valuable achievements for us. The fight with Naxalites will be won by us any day but the love and confidence of villagers which we carried back to our base is an intangible success,\" said Dwivedi.The SP has launched the anti-Maoist operation in the Jhumra hills on Friday following information that dreaded Naxalite leader Ajay Mahto, along with his armed squad comprising 70 members, had descended in the area to trigger a blast and strike on policemen posted there.To flush out Naxalites, Dwivedi, along with a large number of personnel of the district police, CRPF and Jharkhand Jaguar, have conducted raids in every village, including Baltharwa, Jamnijara, Jhumra, Aman, Rehawan, Simrabeda, Suarkatwa among others.During the entire operation, the security personnel walked on new routes to avert any landmine blast or attack from Maoists. \"The Naxalites managed to flee from the Jhumra hills. Our inputs say that the extremists disperse in the forest making small groups,\" said a police officer.He added that Jhumra hills is a tri-junction that connects hill ranges coming from Bihar, West Bengal and Jharkhand. The Maoists took advantage of the terrain and escape whenever forces launch an operation.The personnel never had an encounter with the Maoists during the operation but they found a dozen of patients in the villagers for whom they have arranged treatments. They arranged doctors for three villagers finding them suffering from malaria at Aman village, where in an encounter between cops and Maoists last year, two CoBRA jawans were killed. In Baltharwa and Jhumra villages, the cops found children suffering from dysentery and three residents, including an old woman, were suffering from high fever. \"We provided them medicines,\" said an inspector.Dwivedi said a large number of women from Jamnijara come to them and asked to provide water arrangement in their villagers. During the raids, they faced huge difficulties in getting drinking water as many wells had gone dry in the summer season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042360", "title": "Defence minister shoots down South Mumbai helipad plan", "text": "MUMBAI: In a setback to the Congress-NCP ruling combine, defence minister A K Antony on Monday said his ministry had refused permission to the Maharashtra government for a helipad in South Mumbai. After chief minister Prithviraj Chavan took over the reins in November 2010, the state cabinet had granted in-principal appoval for a heliport or helipad in South Mumbai, subject to approval from the defence and Union environment ministries.\"We were expecting that Antony will approve the proposal. But from his reply in Parliament, it appears that he has rejected our plan. We will urge Prithviraj Chavan to take up the matter with him personally,\" a senior official said.The need for the heliport was felt in the wake of the 26/11 terror attacks for the faster movement of security forces, particularly NSG personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044217", "title": "Court dismisses accused cop's plea for promotion", "text": "CHENNAI: A head constable's bid to get promotion as special sub-inspector of police, even while a bribery case was still pending against him, failed, with the Madras high court holding that he had no right whatsoever to demand a promotion under such circumstances.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, dismissing the writ petition filed by C Murugesan of Salem police range, said: \"The petitioner has no manner of right to demand a temporary promotion, particularly when he is facing a criminal trial in a Prevention of Corruption Act case. If he is acquitted in the criminal case, he can very well seek the notional promotion even if he retires.\"Murugesan joined the police force as grade II constable in 1979, and in 1993 he was promoted as grade I constable. In October 1999 he became a head constable, only to be downgraded as grade II constable in 2004 following a misconduct charge. In 2006, however, he was made a head constable yet again.During this period, Murugesan was charged with extorting money from a lorry driver. Consequently, his promotion as special SI was withheld. In the present petition, he wanted the court to direct the DGP and the Salem range DIG to give him promotion, irrespective of the corruption case pending before the chief judicial magistrate court, Salem.Rejecting the submissions, Justice Paul Vasanthakumar said that Rule 39 of Tamil Nadu State and Subordinate Service Rules relied on by Murugesan's counsel was only an enabling provision to give temporary promotion to meet emergency situations. Noting that it could be invoked only under peculiar circumstances, the judge said the provision would not confer any right to Murugesan to demand temporary promotion.Referring to a full bench judgment of the Madras high court, the judge further said that if an employee was undergoing any penalty, during the currency of the punishment promotion should be withheld.The petitioner has no manner of right to demand a temporary promotion, particularly when he is facing a criminal trial in a Prevention of Corruption Act case", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041946", "title": "State for more teeth to domestic violence Act", "text": "MUMBAI: With crimes against women on the rise in the state, the Maharashtra government has decided to recommend to Centre stricter amendments to the Domestic Violence (DV) Act.The decision was taken after a meeting of a panel headed by retired justice Chandrashekhar Dharmadhikari, who has been appointed to suggest measures to curb acts of violence against women. The panel on Monday noted that conviction rate under the DV Act was very low in the state and there was an urgent need to impose stricter punishment, senior state officials from the women and child development department said.The panel has already suggested amendments to sections 354 (molestation) and 509 (act intended to insult the modesty of a women) of the IPC, among other measures to fast track custodial rape cases in the state and enhance the prison term. \"The DV Act is colonial in nature and therefore prone to misuse. To make it effective, there is a need to have a relook at the Act in totality,\" said an official.The panel has also recommended setting up of more child care centres for HIV children in remand homes. A cadre of social workers has to be appointed for rehabilitation of women and child prisoners in the state's jails and remand homes. \"The cadre will take care of rehabilitation of the after-prison life of women and children. This is to ensure they get fair acceptance in society after their prison term ends,\" said Medha Gadgil, principal secretary (home).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13042843", "title": "June 14 hearing for firm in dock over labour law violation", "text": "NASHIK: The hearing on the case on the violation of the Minimum Wages Act and the Contract Labour Regulation and Abolition Act by Nashik-based auto component manufacturer Sanjyot Metals Industries is to be held on June 14 in the court of judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) Nashik.The office of deputy labour commissioner (DLC) had filed complaints against Nashik-based the In Feb 2012, the office of theSanjyot Metals Industries in February 2012. The firm's whose executive director Santosh Hegde was assaulted recently, for violation of the minimum wages Act and the contract labour regulation and abolition Act. The case filed in the court of JMFC has come up for hearing, which is to be held on June 14.\"We had recently filed a case against Sanjyot Metals Industries in the court of the JMFC, under violation of the minimum wages Act, violation of house rent allowance Act and the violation of the contract labour regulation and abolition Act. The case filed with the JMFC has come up for hearing. The first hearing in the case is to be held on June 14,\" said an official working under the DLC.Representatives from the office's Nashik division of the deputy labour commissioner, Nashik division, had recently visited Sanjyot Metals Industries in the Satpur industrial area for a routine inspection when they discovered thtrhthathat the company was not paying minimum wages to its workers. The company had also not taken a Registration Certificate (RC) from the DLC office, which is required while appointing contract workers. from the DLCHence, the DLC office filed complaints with the court of the JMFC against the company under violation of minimum wages Act, violations of minimum house rent allowance Act and violation of contract labour regulation and abolition Act. After two months, the case has come for the hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13044016", "title": "Illegal coal mining still rampant in H'bag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Large-scale illegal mining of coal is continuing unabated between the Kuju and Mandu areas of Ramgarh district. Illegally mined coal is loaded throughout the night on a regular basis in all the Bihar-bound luxury coaches from Ranchi and Jamshedpur via Ramgarh and Hazaribag on NH-33.The modus operandi of the coal mafia operating in the Kuju-Mandu coal belt is to give signal to the coach drivers when it passes through the Kuju valley of NH-33 following which the vehicle is stopped and coal is loaded on rooftop of the vehicles.The coal mafia in the process earn more anything between Rs 5,000 and Rs 10,000 by loading coal bags on the buses and also on private vehicles. Ironically, all these buses are stopped at Mandu, Charhi and Hazaribag Mufassil police stations for checking by the police at night but none of these buses is detained for carrying illegally mined coal. Locals said the police were hand in glove in this illegal trade. The bus owners sell this coal which are used as domestic fuel at a premium price as there is an acute shortage of coal in Bihar.Hazaribag SP Pankaj Kamboj said some complaints were received about this illegal trade of coal but if passengers traveling by the buses they will face problems if the buses are detained by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13041271", "title": "'Supermoon' effect delays Princess removal", "text": "CALANGUTE: Work on removal of the stranded M V River Princess, which was expected to be completed by the second week of May, has been delayed by a few days, sources informed TOI.It is learnt that the high tides over the last few days due to the supermoon and the unusually windy conditions which had also affected the movement of fishing trawlers in recent weeks, slowed down the cutting of the ship. But the operation will be over later this month. Since nothing is left of the ship above the water level, it is only the divers who are involved in cutting up the remaining part of the ship underwater who are yet to complete their work, the source explained.\"Due to the rough sea conditions, they are unable to go more than two or three meters underwater,\" he said. \"Only a tiny fragment of the huge carrier which is embedded in the sand remains to be cut up and hauled away. It's just a matter of a few more days, 10 to 15 days, and then they will be taking away everything from here,\" the source added, referring to the three barges mounted with cranes and other cutting equipment. If the ship indeed goes before the arrival of the monsoon, it will be almost exactly 12 years since the ship had run aground on June 6, 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "guntur/kakinada", "code": "13043641", "title": "One killed as tidal waves lash coastal areas", "text": "GUNTUR/KAKINADA: Massive tidal waves on Monday lashed fishing villages across four districts, creating panic among the community with one fisherman dying as a result of the raging seas, near Uppada, close to Kakinada. Sea waters gushed into some villages with terrified locals rushing to officials and public representatives for help.Tidal waves are strongest during Purnima (full moon) and Amavasya (new moon) nights, and it was a violent sea which on Monday morning saw threatening waves hitting the coast. The sea waters came at least 10-15 metres inland at different places in East Godavari, Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam districts.Kambala Kantharao, who was fishing out at the Subbampeta coast, close to Uppada, was hurled by a high wave against a retaining wall. The force of the tidal wave was such that Kantharao was swept to the big boulders of the retaining wall where he met his end.The coasts at Bapatla, Suryalanka, Bhattiprolu, Kollur in Guntur district, Kothapatnam, Ulavapadu and Kandukur in Prakasam district and Uppada in East Godavari district were hammered by menacing waves.Meanwhile, gales sweeping the coasts in the morning razed crops over hundreds of acres in Tenali division.Banana plantations were damaged in Kollipara, Kollur, Bhattiprolu and Repalle mandals. Mango groves suffered major damage in Nuzvid and Tiruvur mandals of Krishna district and Ulavapadu in Prakasam district.Banana, orange and betel nurseries in Guntur district also suffered heavy damage in the gales over the last two days. Initial estimates peg losses at around Rs 10 crore in these three districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13044703", "title": "RTI trail reveals huge scam in mayor\u2019s fund", "text": "BANGALORE: Controversies dogging the Rs 150-crore mayor's fund never seem to end. Documents obtained under RTI have revealed that several works sanctioned and executed under the fund have vanished into thin air.RTI activist BH Veeresh approached the BBMP a year ago seeking to know how the Rs 150-crore fund was utilized between April 1, 2010, and June 30, 2011.\"There was a delay in response from the BBMP. I moved the Karnataka Information Commission over the issue. After the appellate authority's order, I got a response from the BBMP on March 26, 2012. The deputy controller of finance in the BBMP had to cough up Rs 5,000 as fine to KIC for the delay in responding to my query,\" Veeresh said.The response from deputy controller (finance) D Kanakaraj was a shocker. While the query had sought details on the utilization of the Rs 150-crore fund, the response referred to only about Rs 15.22 crore worth of works.Veeresh examined the details of the works he had been provided. Seventeen of the 40 works were claimed to have been executed in Chokkasandra sub-division , near Dasarahalli. The Chokkasandra works pertained to roads and drains and were worth Rs 8.75 crore.RTI activist BH Veeresh was baffled by the reply he got from the BBMP about 40 works executed in the Chokkasandra sub-division, near Dasarahalli. There is no sub-division in the BBMP called Chokkasandra! There is a ward by that name, in the Hegganahalli sub-division, he said.The activist from the RTI Study Centre then filed another RTI query with the executive engineer of the Hegganahalli sub-division seeking details of works taken up in the Chokkasandra ward under the mayor's funds. The executive engineer promptly replied that no work had been taken up undermayor's fund in Chokkasandra.\"Bogus bills have been raised and money drawn from the Mayor's fund without executing any work,\" Veeresh alleged.Speaking to TOI, K Kuberappa, executive engineer of Hegganahalli sub-division , confirmed: \"No work was taken up in Chokkasandra under the mayor's fund till now.\"Chokkasandra is in the neighbourhood of former mayor R Sharadamma's ward, Shettyhalli. \"I had not allotted any funds to Chokkasandra ward as mayor,\" Sharadamma said.Sharadamma was mayor for two of the 18 months for which the RTI query had sought details of fund utilization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13045143", "title": "Two nabbed with firearm", "text": "KANPUR: The police arrested Tabrail Alam and Akhilesh Singh, both residents of Maswanpur in Kalyanpur area here on Monday.The police recovered a country-made firearm of 315 bore and several live catridges of similar bore besides a sharp-edged knife from their possession. The two were later sent to jail.Elsewhere, the police arrested one Shamim son of Husaini of Gwaltoli area and Motu alias Anees of Bithoor road in Kalyanpur and recovered huge quantity of sedatives from them. The two were later sent to jail.Similarly, the police arrested six persons on charges of gambling in Raipurwa police area of the city.The police identified them as Prakash, Jitendra Kumar, Arvind , Pappu, Gappu and Rakesh Balmiki. They were later sent to jail. Likewise, the police arrested Harjeet Singh and 12 others on charges of gambling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13043947", "title": "40-year-old widow gang-raped", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 40-year-old widow was gang-raped in Shalimar Garden area in Sahibabad on Monday afternoon. The police said that the accused are absconding. The victim runs a shop in Sector 63 in Noida and lives in Ghaziabad. The victim in her complaint alleged that one of the accused was known to her.\"The victim alleged that on Monday one of the accused, Nitu, had come to her shop and invited her for a ceremony. The accused then took her to the Old Bus Stand in Ghaziabad where another man was waiting for them. The accused then bought cold drinks and samosas. They reportedly laced her cold drink with sedatives after which she fell unconscious. The accused took her to an under-construction site in Shalimar Garden area, where a third person was waiting for them. The trio then raped her and fled the spot,\" said SP (City) SS Yadav.\"When the woman gained consciousness, she approached the Sahibabad police station to lodge a complaint,\" Yadav said. A case has been registered and the victim has been sent for medical examination. The report is awaited.\"We have formed teams and got some tip-offs of the hideouts of the accused. We hope to catch them soon,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13041294", "title": "Nurse duped of Rs 7L by 'organizers of contest'", "text": "PANAJI: A nurse working in a government hospital, Jesria Fernandes, was duped of 7 lakh.Fernandes received an email informing her that she had won a contest and would be awarded 1 million if she deposited 7 lakh in the bank account of the \"organizers of the contest\". The money, they claimed, was needed towards an \"airport authority clearance duty fee\".\"We verified the bank account and found that it belongs to some persons from Delhi. We are trying to trace them,\" the police said.A case has been registered at the CID economic offences cell, Panaji . The complainant said that from March 29 to April 12, the complainant received emails from Cocacolaclaim2012@ZH8844.com stating that the her cellphone number had won 1 million and other electronic items.They also demanded more money from the victim and told her that she needs to deposit nearly another 22 lakh before being paid the prize amount.Police said that in several cases, the gangs open a certain bank account and abandon it after getting money from the victim. \"They play on the greed of a person,\" the police said. These gangs send emails or text messages on victims' cellphones telling them they're the winners of million dollar lotteries.The victims who fall prey to prank emails or SMS are asked to pay a processing fee to get the lottery amount. People have been spending money, amounting to lakhs, in a bid to become rich overnight.Police have again appealed to people to refrain from entertaining any such emails or SMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13048037", "title": "Kareena Kapoor to play Begum Samru?", "text": "Actress Kareena Kapoor is likely to play the role of Begum Samru in Tigmanshu Dhulia's period film.Tigmanshu, who is basking in the glory of recent hits like 'Paan Singh Tomar' and 'Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster', had first approached Rani Mukherjee for this film, sources said.The period flick is based on the life of Begum Samru, who started her career as a nautch girl in 18th Century India, and eventually became the ruler of Sardhana, a principality near Meerut. Later on she played a key role in the political power struggle in 18th and 19th century India.According to sources, Kareena had liked Tigmanshu's both the latest movies - 'Paan Singh Tomar' and 'Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster' and she wants to work with the director.\"It is too early to talk about the details of the film, but Kareena is definitely excited for this film,\" official spokesperson from the director's side said in a statement.Begum Samru was the head of a professionally-trained mercenary army, inherited from her European mercenary husband, Walter Reinhardt Sombre. This mercenary army consisted of Europeans and Indians. She is also regarded as the only Catholic ruler in India, as she ruled the principality of Sardhana in 18th and 19th century India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13042930", "title": "Goof-ups galore at Allowed To Keep Term \r exam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Exams for students of the Allowed To Keep Term (ATKT) category in Gujarat University began on an ominous note on Monday.Last minute adjustments in seating arrangements caused confusion among students. Not just that, barcode stickers which are meant to be stuck on exam papers to help identify the BA, BCom and BSc examinees too were missing. Later, said GU sources, the exams had to be conducted without the bar code. This means the roll numbers of each student is now visible on each answersheet. \"The barcodes were introduced three years back to ensure that there is no malpractice. The bar codes were essentially meant to hide identity of the examinees from the evaluators to ensure that the paper correction process remains fair,\" said a GU official. tnnFrom Tuesday, GU is scheduled to conduct semester exams for MA and MCom. However even till Monday evening, neither college administrations nor students have not got hall tickets which are necessary for admission into exam centres. Now, the students will have to first collect the hall tickets on Tuesday morning and then head for their exam centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13045077", "title": "2,650 vehicles challaned in Punjab for using black film", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following the implementation of Supreme Court judgment, Punjab traffic police has challaned 2,650 vehicles for using tinted glasses and black filming on four-wheelers on the national highways throughout the state.The apex court order came into effect on May 4 and challans were issued on the national and state highways in seven ranges of Punjab Police. These included Patiala, Ferozpur, Ludhiana, Jalandhar, Rupnagar, Bathinda ranges and the border range.IG (traffic), Punjab, R P S Brar, told TOI, \"Without waiting for any notification and formal orders from the Central government, the challan drive was started throughout the state after considering the judgment of apex court on the internet.\"Maximum challans were issued in Patiala, Ludhiana and Jalandhar ranges while the challan drive is slow in the border range, he said.The apex court had on April 27 directed all states and UTs to initiate challan drive against users of tinted glasses and black films, while exempting users of tinted glasses provided by the manufacturers.Sources in state traffic police said that districtwise figures are level yet to be collected. However, ACP (traffic), Amritsar, said, \"In all, 109 vehicles were challaned in Amritsar city since May 4.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13048131", "title": "Thuttu is all about money", "text": "Director Muralikrishna is back with a movie titled Thuttu. The movie features Aryan Rajesh, who made his debut in Tamil with Album, as hero with Mumbai girl Sona Chopra as heroine.Produced by Gopaljee for Sri Sai Cine Circuit, Thuttu also has in the cast Seetha, Kota Srinivasa Rao and Ganja Karuppu in lead roles.Murali Krishna has scored music too for the movie. Speaking about the film, Aryan Rajesh says , \"The movie is about usury. But it is nowhere serious and there is plenty of entertainment and comedy in it. I am happy to make a comeback with a film like this'.Rajarajan cranks the camera Jayashankar takes care of editing.Source: Cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13042552", "title": "SC-ST panel meets after two years, Cong cries foul", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A high-level meeting of the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes Monitoring Committee, held in the state capital on Monday under the chairmanship of chief minister Narendra Modi after more than two years, turned political with Congress leaders saying that the legal provision requires the committee should meet twice a year, in January and in July. \"However, the last meeting was held in February 2010, more than two years ago\", said a senior Congress leader.Official sources said that Modi appeared to agree with Congress' allegation, asking state bureaucrats present on the occasion to take this into consideration, adding, the \"committee should be convened at regular intervals in order to diffuse social tensions among sub-castes and between Dalits and tribal people through cooperation rather than through consensus.\"Significantly, the issue of refusal to regularly hold SC and ST monitoring panel meeting was first raised before Modi during the recent visit of the National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) chairman P L Punia.The Congress leaders also raised the issue of the CM refusing to call any Congress MP or MLA belonging to SC and ST in the meeting, which suggests the 'biased' attitude of the government.\"Under the law, the state level committee is headed by the CM and it must have all MPs and MLAs as its members\", said the Congress leader, adding, this suggests the government is doing \"injustice to people of SC and ST community, as the exclusion of opposition Congress members was being made to ensure that no voice was raised against injustice,\" said the leader.On the issue of exclusion of Congress' SC and ST elected representatives, sources said, Modi refused to react. In fact, the CM merely expressed commitment to providing all possible legal assistance and police protection to victims of atrocity on SC and ST people and take up pending cases in special courts without any complacency or delay.The meeting was attended by ministers Vajubhai Vala, Fakirbhai Vaghela, Mangubhai Patel, Ramanlal Vora, BJP MLAs, the Gujarat chief secretary and several senior officials, apart from the CM. During the meeting, the Congress gave figures of 2011, when as many as 822 cases of atrocities on SCs were tried. \"In as many as 755 cases, accused were acquitted. Nowhere in the country is acquittal at such a large scale\", the Congress leaders alleged. Modi asked the officials to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042212", "title": "15 Maharashtra districts face water scarcity: Minister", "text": "NAGPUR: As many as 923 villages and 4,345 hamlets in 88 tehsils and 15 districts of the state were hit by severe water scarcity, said minister for water supply and sanitation Laxman Dhoble on Monday.Dhoble, who was in the city to preside over a meeting to review water scenario across the state, admitted that this year the scarcity situation was far more acute than in 1972 when the state had seen acute drought. He said that the water scarcity all over the state was increasing and so was the demand for water tankers. \"The government has roped in tankers to supply water is areas where there is drought-like situation,\" he said. At present, 1022 water tankers including 157 government and 835 private have been deployed to provide drinking water in 15 scarcity hit districts of the state, he informed.Out of 1,007 regional water supply schemes, 750 were in operation while efforts were on to start remaining schemes. Dhoble, however, admitted that most rivers in the state were almost dry. He stated that the state was now facing the ill-effects of environmental degradation caused due to deforestation, rampant misuse and pollution of water resources. He also pointed out that the water scarcity in Western Maharashtra had increased manifold due to overuse of ground water.The situation in Vidarbha was far better, the minister added. However, 130 tankers were supplying water in eight districts of Vidarbha including Amravati (six tankers, 10 villages), Akola (11 tankers, nine villages), Washim (29 tankers, 31 villages), Buldhana (40 villages), and Yavatmal (35 villages). Dhoble added that the number of districts facing acute water scarcity was set to rise as the summer progresses. The 15 affected districts include Nashik, Ahmednagar, Pune, Satara, Sangli, Solapur, Latur and Osmanabad.He also stressed the need for municipal corporations and councils across the state to construct dams for storage of drinking water. At present, most cities were being provided water from irrigation projects. Dhoble claimed large irrigation projects were having only 17% water, medium 13% and small 11%. \"Instructions have been issued to all the departments to ensure judicious use of water as the storage will last only till July end,\" he said.He said the government had made it mandatory for every guardian minister to utilize funds from district planning and development committee to purchase tankers for tehsil places. Besides, special funds will be provided to the district collectors (Rs 15 lakh) and divisional commissioners (Rs 30 lakh) for repairing taps. Similarly, for repair of regional water schemes, the government has authorised the divisional commissioners to spend up to Rs 1 crore.Agriculture pumps disconnected due to non-payment of dues will be reconnected, he said adding the government would bear the burden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13044062", "title": "School trust president, clerk caught taking Rs 18K donation", "text": "SURAT: President of a school trust and a clerk were caught red-handed by the anti-corruption sleuths accepting a donation of Rs 18,000 on Monday. The accused had demanded donation for admission in the school.ACB sleuths nabbed Suushila Rao, president New Model School Trust, and Chandrika Bariya, clerk at the college, accepting the donation amount. The complainant, Sita Desai, met Rao on Saturday for admission of her two daughters Prachi and Jignasa, in class VII and VIII, respectively.Rao demanded Rs 10,000 as donation for each admission. Desai refused to pay the donation and requested to admit them without the money. But Rao refused. Desai continued discussing with Rao and the accused agreed to accept Rs 18,000. Meanwhile, Desai contacted the ACB and lodged a compliant with them.Following the compliant, a trap was planned on Monday when Desai was called to pay the money. Rao asked Desai to pay the money to Bariya and the accused were caught red-handed at the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13043907", "title": "Inter-state thieves bank on real estate", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore police, probing into the recent cases of dacoity reported in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, have found that the accused have invested booty in real estate. Investigation is on to understand their game plan.Superintendent of police P R Dileep told TOI that Murthy, a native of Tamil Nadu and the leader of a gang of six who were arrested recently, had purchased three-and-half acres of land at Kollegal. A metal merchant, Murthy was wanted in several theft cases in Tamil Nadu. To conceal his identity, he came to Karnataka five years ago and settled at Mangala village of Kollegal in Chamarajanagar district. Investigation revealed that Murthy had looted three-and-half kg gold and 20 kg silver from various places in Tamil Nadu in 2009 and purchased land in Karnataka after selling the booty.Then he continued thefts and robberies in Mysore and Mandya districts. Along with his five accomplices some of whom are his relatives, Murthy target houses during night hours. They used to open the main door of the house using crowbar and threaten the inmates before robbing them of their jewellery. A gang of four stone cutters from Tamil Nadu, who was arrested in April, too had invested in real estate in Kerala. Vanaraj aka Vishnu, the main accused, had purchased land.The investigation into both the cases is underway and it is too early to say that the gangs were trying to establish their base by investing in real estate to commit crimes, Dileep said. IGP (Southern Range) A S N Murthy on Monday told reporters that the recent arrest of six dacoits from TN has helped them to solve 10 cases in Mysore, Mandya, Ramanagar and Tamil Nadu. Earlier, they had solved four cases by arresting four thieves from Tamil Nadu. The inter-state dacoits used to return to their home state after committing crimes in Karnataka, but better coordination with the officers of Tamil Nadu and Kerala helped the police crack several cases. IGP appreciated the team led by DSP Vijaykumar for arresting the inter-state gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042483", "title": "Govt rolls back excise duty on gold jewellery", "text": "JAIPUR: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday announced to roll back the budgetary proposal of increasing excise duty on gold jewellery. However, tax at source on cash purchase of jewellery will remain in place, though the limit has been increased.Moving the finance bill in the Parliament the finance minister said, \"The government has decided to withdraw the levy (one per cent excise duty) on all precious metal jewellery, branded or unbranded, with effect from March 17, 2012.\" He added, \"The threshold limit for TCS (tax collection at source) on cash purchase of jewellery will be raised to Rs 5 lakh from the present Rs 2 lakh\".In the budget the minister had proposed to levy excise duty of 1% on non-branded jewellery and doubled import duty on gold to 4%.The official announcement from the government has been welcomed by the gems and jewellery traders in the city. After the hike in the excise duty All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (AIGJTF) and the All India Sarafa Association went for a 21-day nationwide strike. But after receiving assurance from Mukherjee on April 6, the traders called off their strike and resumed work.\"This is the result of combined efforts of jewellers and allied business community. Never before had all the traders across the country gone on a strike for such a long duration. We are happy that the government fulfilled its promise of rolling back the duty before May 11,\" said Kailash Mittal, honorary secretary, Jaipur Sarafa Traders Committee.Experts feel that the biggest respite from the roll back will be to small-time traders and customers. \"There is a huge chunk of traders who have small businesses and are not very educated. For them following the tedious process of keeping separate books of levied taxes was just not possible. Also, there are many housewives who keep saving money to purchase gold. It would not have been possible for them to buy gold if they were asked to produce their PAN numbers,\" said Ashish Meghraj of Meghraj Jewellers.The announcement has also come as a relief for the artisans and goldsmiths. In the wake of excise duty there was a fear that lot of trades would have moved from unorganized shops to branded stores. \"I couldn't sleep for a day since the announcement of the excise duty was made. We are the daily-wage workers and get business from shopkeepers. The jewellers had clearly told us that there will be very little or no business if excise duty is not taken back,\" said Subhash Bengali, an artisan in Ramganj mandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13043431", "title": "LPG shortage: Households run out of fuel", "text": "BANGALORE: Homemakers are having a tough time before the hearth,what with Indane and other gas agencies failing to deliver LPG cylinders in time. Distributors agree there has been a shortage and blame it on the backlog created in March by the seven-day strike by truck and tanker owners transporting LPG.A grievance posted on an Indane website by a JP Nagar resident, Rekhi Pandey, however, points to a graver problem.\"I raised a request for a refill cylinder on March 31, 2012, for which the reference number was 546211. As per rules, after 21 days, we receive the cylinder. I waited till April 22, and also for five more days. On April 29, I called your helpline number 18002333555 and got a response that the problem would be resolved within the next 48 hours. But the problem remained unaddressed till May 3, though 34 days were over since I raised the request. On a daily basis, I am calling the same number but not getting any response. Is this the type of service you are providing customers? I would like to highlight your services with consumer fora and media...\" the post read.\"As of now, our centre has cleared orders and bills till April 28. There is a 10-day waiting period for consumers even now, but thankfully, it is not as bad as it was last month,when consumers had to wait for over 22 days.We get about 600 orders per day and each load delivered to us by Indane is about 300-350 cylinders. The delay in delivery depends on the load that comes in,\" said Basavaraju S, manager at Menaka Enterprises, an Indane distributor in the city.He said smaller agencies like his were not affected as much as bigger agencies, which have a huge number of consumers and are facing long delivery delays.CASCADING EFFECTM Chandru, Indane and LPG distributor from Domlur, told TOI, ''Transporters' protest has had a cascading effect on all distributors. If the quota for a distributor is to deliver 15,000 cylinders per month, we are able to do only 10,000. Once the backlog accumulates, it affects consumers.\" Homemaker Pushpa Singh of RMV Layout, 2nd Stage, is facing double trouble.\"I have to run my household and a hotel. It's been almost 25 days. I have been waiting for my domestic LPG from Indane. For commercial use for my hotel,we are paying more than the rate of the cylinder, only to keep the business alive,\" she said. \"It would take a minimum of one-andhalf months to resolve the problem,\" said VK Somashekar, founder of Grahak Shakti, a consumer rights forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042095", "title": "Awareness sees thalassaemia on the retreat", "text": "NAGPUR: Efforts of Thalassaemia Society of India (TSI) finally seem to be making a difference in the lives of patients who see a destruction of red blood cells. The incidence of disease seems on the decline in the city. In fact many affected persons now believe that instead of matching horoscope while fixing matches, tests should be conducted for the couple for their thalassemia gene status.Fifteen years back when Dr Vinky Rughwani, a paediatrician, started the society there were just 70 registered cases of thalassemia in the city. This has doubled to 170 cases which is much lower than the expected rate. \"It was difficult to convince people in even communities that had high prevalence of disorder. But now I have seen families who readily agree to not marry if both partners are thalassaemia minor as the child will have 25% chance of having the disease,\" said Dr Rughwani, president of TSI.The overall incidence of the disease is about 3% but it can be as high as 16% in Lohana community, 10-12% in Sindhi community, about 5-6% in Punjabi and Muslim communities and 4-5% in Marwaris. Since prevention is the only solution to minimize the incidence, society has been working towards counseling families with carriers that causes the disease. It has collected 15,000 blood samples from central India covering Nagpur and Vidarbha, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh.Kanhaiya Daswani, who has two daughters, one without disease and other a carrier, does not hesitate in admitting that the couple had aborted a child after finding it a thalassaemia major case. \"When we got married, I was not aware of my own status. We came to know that both I and my wife are thalassaemia minor during a diagnostic camp held by the society. Now I firmly believe that instead of matching horoscopes, all Sindhis and Punjabis should look up their thalassemia status. I am able to manage my family because I do not have burden of the treatment. Though there is no cure, blood transfusion and iron chelators are the only known solutions to prolong life of a thalassaemic person,\" said Daswani.Hruday Thakkar, a grocery shop owner, said he was barely able to manage the cost of medicines. \"Government should either make the medicines available free of cost or at least remove taxes and excise on them. Medicines cost up to Rs 4,000 a month. Not everyone can afford them,\" he said. Umesh Roopchandani, father of a 13-year-old son suffering from the disease, admitted support from government in the form of free blood was a help but he too demanded cheaper medicines. An active member of the support group of the society, he is saddened by the apathetic attitude of government. \" We had met (ministers) Sunil Shetty and Ajit Pawar and submitted our demands including reservations in government jobs. No action has been taken so far,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041681", "title": "Railway Protection Force officers accused in fake bail bond scam transferred", "text": "MUMBAI: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) transferred all 21 personnel, who were suspended in April for the fake bail bond scam, to Nanded.RPF sources said it was an \"administrative\" decision to ensure that the tainted officials could not tamper with the ongoing probe. However, activist Sameer Zaveri of Mumbai Suburban Railway Passengers' Association has demanded their dismissal as it would set a \"good example\" and bring justice to citizens conned by them.When contacted, inspector-general (RPF) Anil Sharma told TOI: \"The transfer has nothing to do with the suspension. We have not reinstated them in service and the suspension continues.\" He added that the CBI was conducting an inquiry against the officials.Another senior RPF officer, who requested anonymity, said it was the prerogative of the administration to decide on the transfers. \"The disciplinary action will, however, continue against them. They have not been given a clean chit,\" he said.Zaveri, who blew the whistle on the scam last year, said the accused officials had created fake bail bonds, bogus court papers and also set up a fake court in Kurla to fleece citizens.The 21 RPF personnel were reportedly suspended after the Bombay high court rapped the department for not taking action against the tainted officials. Last year, a PIL was filed by Zaveri alleging that the RPF men posted at Kurla station in 2008-09 had booked commuters for trespassing and crossing railway tracks, released them on fake cash bail bonds and misappropriated the money.In August 2011, the HC handed the probe to the CBI. A preliminary inquiry was conducted on the allegations made against the 21 personnel and prima facie, it appeared that they had resorted to \"illegal activities\". In January this year, the court directed the CBI to complete its probe and file chargesheets within five months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045501", "title": "Patna University fails to fully utilize University Grants Commission grants", "text": "PATNA: Even as different universities in the country are expecting fresh development grants from the UGC for the 12th Plan period, Patna University (PU) has not yet fully utilized the UGC grants sanctioned during the 11th Plan. Strangely enough, the university had not been able to fully utilize the UGC grants sanctioned to it even during the 10th Plan.The UGC had sanctioned Rs 17.5 crore to PU during the 11th Plan period for its various development schemes. While the grants meant for purchase of books and equipment were utilized, the funds meant for construction of buildings are yet to be fully utilized. Schemes like construction of residential quarters for non-teaching staff and an indoor sports complex at Patna College, opening a canteen on PU campus and addition of two floors to PU examination section building are yet to be taken up though the 11th Plan ended on March 31 itself.Even during the 10th Plan period, PU had received funds for construction of a language block, indoor sports complex and some other buildings. But most of these buildings have not been constructed till date.The foundation stone of an indoor sports complex was laid with much fanfare by chief minister Nitish Kumar on Patna Science College campus and even the construction work was started in right earnest, but the construction could not continue beyond the plinth level. It is reported that the contractor concerned had fled away leaving the work incomplete.PU development officer Sanjay Kumar Sinha admitted that the work for construction of new buildings for which the UGC had sanctioned grants could not be undertaken on time due to some technical reasons. He, however, pointed out that the UGC has granted an extension of two years for the completion of all the pending projects.Meanwhile, PU has submitted to the UGC a fresh development proposal worth Rs 90 crore. But, whether the university would be able to utilize the funds sanctioned to it remains a billion dollar question.Unless the university strengthens its engineering section, proper utilization of development grants remains a distant dream for PU, said a senior teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043742", "title": "Delhi Development Authority flats for those who gave up land", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government decided on Monday that people who offered their lands for its infrastructure projects would now be allocated DDA flats on a preferential basis.The government has decided to add this provision in the new resettlement and rehabilitation policy. However, land acquired for Metro expansion has been marked as an exception. \"The new provision has been made to ensure that those who give their lands, get residential accommodation made by government on a priority basis. The government will to write to the DDA in this respect,\" said an official.Besides this, the government would also pay landowners monetary compensation as per the prevailing market rates. The new resettlement and rehabilitation policy, which will come into retrospective effect from September 19, 2011, has already been approved by the Union urban development ministry.The officials said that although cabinet has given \"in principle\" approval to the policy, there are areas which need to be further examined . It has been suggested that if the government acquires land between 100 sq metres and 200 sq metres, than the landowner would be offered a low income group (LIG) DDA flat while for a plot of land above 200 sq metres and less than 300 sq metres, an MIG (middle income group) flat would be offered.If the acquired land measures above 300 sq metres, than the government would offer a high income group (HIG) flat to the landowner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042136", "title": "Student bodies protest Nagpur University inaction on various issues", "text": "NAGPUR: Various student organizations, including Vidyapeeth Vidyarthi Sangram Parishad (VVSP) and National Students Union of India (NSUI), staged demonstrations in front of Nagpur University premises on Monday against the administration's inaction over a host of issues plaguing students. They wanted quick decision on BCCA paper leak exposed by TOI, action on teachers boycott on evaluation, and free parking for students at exam centres.Yashodhan Waghmare, Jagsish Panchbudhe and Ajit Singh , who were part of the delegation that met vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal told TOI the VC assured then of quick action. \"During our hourlong meeting, we said innocent students were being harassed due to NU's failure to take a concrete decision regarding the BCCA re-examination. He assured us that they will take decision on paper leak issue within a month if police investigations fail to progress beyond a point,\" they said.On evaluation boycott by the teachers from April 1, which has left over 12 lakh answer-sheets unchecked, Sapkal said the issue was not in their hands and it was up to the Maharashtra government to decide. \"He said NU would not let evaluation work suffer and had roped in the services of NET/SET candidates and also retired lecturers to tide over the crisis. He also asked us to write letters to the government for an early resolution. He further said NU had issued show cause notices to lecturers who failed to report for evaluation duty,\" they added.The students activists also blasted NU exam centres for illegally charging parking fees from students and demanded stringent action against them for exploiting students. \"Despite a resolution by NU Senate regarding free parking for examinees, some colleges are charging huge fees, and that too without receipts. They even harass students in case a poor student fails to pay. A majority of these colleges had handed over the parking contract to private parties, who behave very arrogantly,\" they said.Sapkal assured them that NU will initiate action in case colleges are charging parking fees from students. \"He told us that NU would constitute flying squads to conduct surprise checks of exam centres. The squads would also inspect whether centres are offering requisite facilities like drinking water and power to the examinees,\" the trio said.However, NU PRO office couldn't be contacted for comments despite a visit to his office and repeated attempts on the phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13043548", "title": "Former cricketer Venkatesh Prasad's wife trades words with police", "text": "BANGALORE: Gate No 1 of the Chinnaswamy Stadium is in the news again, and for the wrong reasons. Police officials, who have been told to sanitize the area whenever cricket players arrive and leave before or after any match, ended up exchanging words with Jayanthi Venkatesh Prasad, wife of former Test cricketer Venkatesh Prasad. This was after the IPL tie between Bangalore and Hyderabad teams on Sunday night.The zero-tolerance zone is being implemented strictly after serial blasts rocked the stadium in April 2010. Trouble began around 12.10am, soon after police officials asked Jayanthi, who was waiting to get into her car with another senior citizen and driver, to move. Jayanthi allegedly took offence and reportedly asked police officials if they knew who she was.She allegedly began arguing with them. \"This is bad.We were clearing the area as the players were arriving to board their buses. We saw a woman standing near a car and asked her to drive away as the players were arriving.We would have had to answer to any gaffe,\" an officer said.Police alleged that Jayanthi continued arguing despite being told why she was being asked to leave the spot. Senior police officers were summoned, but nothing happened as Jayanthi refused to budge. Venkatesh Prasad then arrived on the scene and joined the verbal altercation.\"We had to tell Jayanthi that we would take her out, and summoned a woman police constable. Only then she mellowed down,\" police said. However, no formal complaint was lodged as senior police officers intervened.''We knew arguments would serve no purpose and ended the matter,\" a officer said. On January 30, Anuja Pandey, wife of IAS officer Pankaj Kumar Pandey, allegedly slapped a woman police inspector after she was prevented from entering the stadium without a valid pass during a match between film stars. The case is still under investigation.MISUNDERSTANDING, SAYS PRASADLate on Monday night, former cricketer Venkatesh Prasad issued a press release blaming the incident on a series of misunderstandings between police, himself and his wife Jayanthi. He said the incident happened when police were clearing the VIP parking lot at KSCA stadium where his wife was waiting for him near his car, along with their driver and a senior citizen. ''Both my wife and I regret the incident and the matter has since been amicably discussed with all concerned and resolved, and now stands closed. We appreciate the work done by Karnataka police while performing their duty and have high regard and respect for them,\" Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13043270", "title": "The glitter\u2019s back on gold now", "text": "BANGALORE: City-based jewelers and customers cheered finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's decision on Monday to withdraw 1% excise duty on gold jewellery. The minister also announced withdrawal of excise duty on purchase of jewellery worth Rs 5 lakh as opposed to the previous threshold of Rs 2 lakh.However, one will have to wait till June 1 (when the decision will be implemented) to know the actual difference in cost of jewellery.B Ramachari, president of Karnataka board of jewellers traders and workers federation, said: \"It is a very good move for the gold industry. Without a rollback on excise duty, we would have suffered. The gold industry provides employment to 80% of artisans and the metal has economic and cultural value in everyday life. Even the poorest of the poor family treasures a small quantity of gold. The reduction in excise duty is a welcome gesture.\" Giving a thumbs-up to the move, owners and managers of jewellery shops said, \"Both customers and jewellers will benefit. With abolition of excise duty, the burden on consumers will ease.\"However, customers with ancestral jewellery may suffer. \"The excise department will question and harass them when they fail to produce papers,\" he said.Arun Pandu of Hallmark Gold, Commercial Street, said, \"As far as I know, gold rates don't have a high margin of difference in southern India. So I cannot comment on which state will be the worst hit.\" Shivakumar from Shiva Jewellers, Commercial Street, felt increase or decrease in excise duty doesn't affect jewellers. \"Only customers will bear the brunt,\" he said.- Sanskriti Pandey, Yogita Sengupta, Sukhaja S", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042142", "title": "Scared witness can be a credible witness: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court has ruled that testimony of witness who had no courage to stop an accused from killing can't be disbelieved. \"Not having the courage to stop a person armed with a deadly weapon was not, and could not be, a circumstance to disbelieve testimony of witness, particularly when it has stood the test of cross-examination,\" a division bench comprising justices Ambadas Joshi and Sadhana Jadhav ruled.The eyewitness, Harshwardhan Gavai, was a friend of Siddharth Janjal, who was murdered by petitioner Rajesh Sadanshiv. He was present on the spot but had not come forward to help his friend who was being fatally attacked. \"An eyewitness who is present on the spot but has not helped the deceased shows natural human conduct which most men resort to while facing such a situation,\" the court observed.\"This could be the case of solitary witness having proved the incident and the culpability of the accused. Moreover, it is not the quantity of witnesses examined by the prosecution to prove its case, but it is the quality of the witness that needs to be considered,\" the court added while upholding the Akola sessions court's order of November 1, 2006, awarding death penalty to the petitioner.As per the prosecution, Mahadeo Dhokne had lodged a report at Old City Police Station, Akola, alleging that his nephew, Siddharth, was lying dead under a banyan tree on August 29, 2005. There was some altercation between Siddharth and Rajesh while playing cards and the latter assaulted former using a sharp weapon on his head and right leg. Siddharth died on the spot.Gavai along with two others was the eyewitness to the incident. However, none of them had the courage to spill the beans in front of police. It was only during cross examination that he revealed that the deceased was killed by the petitioner. The judges observed that through the testimony of Gavai, the guilt of the accused had been established beyond reasonable doubt. \"The evidence made it clear that the attack was premeditated and was well-planned to satisfy personal vendetta for the incident which had occurred on the earlier day. The accused has been held guilty of offence punishable under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC),\" the judges ruled.(With inputs from Aarzoo Singh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13041150", "title": "Burning blight", "text": "Panchanama - Queula - PondaThe 6,500 residents of Ponda taluka's Queula village claim they are sitting on a time bomb-illegal yards whose scrap is regularly set on fire.The last two months have witnessed two such episodes, one each at Warkhande-Dhavali and Konwada-Dhavali, say locals. Hundreds of tonnes of scrap, including hazardous industrial waste, packing material for chemical and medical products, PVC (polyvinyl chloride) sheets, small glass vials and rubber, were burnt in the fires, they add.\"It was so bad, we couldn't eat or sleep. Smoke with poisonous smells had spread through the village. Every item of food prepared in homes carried the stench of burning plastic and fuel,\" resident Shyam Gaude recalls of the April 24-blaze at Konwada.He alleges that the Tisk-residing scrap yard owner conveniently stayed away during the fire, leaving the villagers hapless.Local Nilesh Naik suspects the scrap yard owners themselves start the fires. \"They know we will not allow them to bury or burn the materials, so they set the scrap on fire clandestinely,\" he alleges.Pointing out that the residents are at the mercy of these \"live bombs\", he adds, \"The burning of hazardous materials releases several dangerous gases into the environment and will eventually affect the health of the villagers irrevocably.\"Village panchayat secretary Harishchandra Naik says the local governing body has not issued licences to any scrap yard in the area.The Ponda Municipal Council and the Queula village panchayat had been directed over three years ago by the high court of Bombay at Goa to take a final decision on the removal of scrap yards in their jurisdictions.The court was hearing a letter petition filed by Jatin Ramaiya, a law student at V M Salgaocar College of Law, Miramar, Panaji. Ramaiya had pointed out that about 42 illegal scrap yards are located in Ponda within the proximity of residential areas.\"Following a high court directive we conducted a survey last year and found five scrap yards operating illegally in the village. The matter is before the court,\" Naik said.Problem ProblemRough rideThe Queula village borders Ponda municipality area, but some wards of the village have no proper tar roads. Come monsoon, these kuccha roads turn mucky and dangerous causing much woes for the locals.Power plightFaulty power lines wreck havoc in the village throughout the year, says Varchawada-resident Lekraj Naik. The transformers and wires are about 35 years old, he claims. The scare of wires breaking are just as big in the village as the frustration from outages itself.Water woeWater supply in the village is a nightmare, quite literally. \"The supply is released at midnight and runs for just a few hours, so we have to sacrifice sleep to ensure that our pots are full. Well water can no longer be relied on because of the rise in construction activities and inevitably, septic tanks. We have to rely on tap water,\" says Dhavali-resident Shyam Gaude.Top ViewThe village panchayat has not issued any licences to any scrap yard in the area. Following a high court directive we conducted a survey last year and found five scrap yards operating illegally in the village. The matter is before the courtHarishchandra Naik, secretary, village panchayatMarcaim MLA Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, the local legislator, was not available for commentPeople's TakeThe fire at Konwada was so bad, we couldn't eat or sleep. Smoke with poisonous smells had spread through the village. Every item of food prepared in homes carried the stench of burning plastic and fuel residentShyam Gaude, residentThe burning of hazardous materials (in the scrap yards) releases several dangerous gases into the environment and will eventually affect the health of the villagers irrevocablyNilesh Naik, residentThe transformers and wires that supply power to the village are about 35 years old. The scare of wires breaking are just as big as the frustration from the outagesLekraj Naik, resident", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "13045044", "title": "18 killed in Moga road accident", "text": "MOGA: Eighteen people, including five women and five children, belonging to two families died when the Tata 407 they were travelling in collided head-on with a truck near Dagru village, about 20km from here, in the wee hours of Monday. The families were returning after a religious visit to a gurdwara near Jagraon in Ludhiana district.Paul Singh, a resident of Daulatpur Ucha village in Moga district, had planned a religious trip to Nanaksar Kalerawale gurdwara along with his family and neighbours in his newly-purchased light commercial vehicle, police said.On their way back a speeding truck coming from the opposite direction collided with the Tata 407 head-on. The impact of the accident was so powerful that all the 18 people in the Tata 407 were killed on the spot.Eleven members belonged to the family of Paul Singh and seven to his neighbour Jagroop Singh. The eleven included Paul Singh, his wife Charanjit Kaur, his two sons, Ranjit Singh and Surjit Singh, his two daughters-in-law and five grandchildren.The police and a medical team extricated the mangled bodies with the help of some villagers. Moga SSP Surjit Singh said, \"The police have booked the truck driver and efforts to arrest him at the earliest are on.\" Residents of Daulatpur Ucha were shocked when the bodies reached the village. The entire village was at the cremation ground when the last rites were performed in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13044995", "title": "Krishna Poonia sets new national record", "text": "JAIPUR: Discus thrower Krishna Poonia continues to keep hopes of a firstever athletics medal in the Olympic Games for India alive, with another superb show in the US on Sunday.In the Altius Track Crew Throwdown meet in Hawaii's Maui Island, the Jaipur-based Krishna smashed the national record with a throw of 64.76m. It lowered Seema Antil's existing record of 64.64m, set in Chennai in 2004. Seema also has an unrecognized throw of 64.84m in the same year. In the process, Krishna won the silver medal in Sunday's meet, her second in three days.On Friday, Krishna had recorded her season's best throw of 63.67m to win the silver in the first leg of the same meet. The bronze medal in the Beijing Games went to a throw of 62.72m and if Krishna can maintain her consistency, she's a candidate for a podium finish in London.\"This is one of my happiest days,\" Krishna said. She had been eyeing this record for a long time. For her, this is one of her three most cherished milestones, the other two being winning the Commonwealth Games gold in New Delhi in 2010 and birth of her son Lakshya Raj. Krishna and her husband-cum-coach Virendra have been saying that she is capable of clocking the 65m mark, and that might happen in the London Olympic Games itself. \"She is in very good shape to win India a medal at the Olympic Games,\" Virendra said. He thanked the sports ministry and the NSNIS in Patiala for their support in her quest for an Olympic medal.On Sunday, Krishna started with a foul throw and followed it with a mediocre 56.96m. The national record came in her third throw and she added three more throw of over 61 metres to her name. Stephanie Trafton of the US, reigning Olympic champion, took the gold with 66.86m, while Gia Lewis-Smallwood bagged bronze with 63.97m. Clearly, competing with the best ahead of the Olympic Games is helping Krishna improve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042308", "title": "Mercury takes an upward swing in state", "text": "JAIPUR: After a prolonged spell of pleasant weather in the state the heat wave conditions revived in the state. Probably for the first time since April majority of the stations witnessed maximum temperature on or above 40 degrees Celsius.Though some parts of the state witnessed mild showers on Monday evening but that was not enough to give respite from the sultry weather. Churu remained hottest in the season so far and witnessed a maximum temperature of 43.4 degrees Celsius.Attributing the climatic change to the revival of northerly winds, the met office said that mercury would go up in the state in the coming days. The maximum and minimum temperatures are going to shoot up in the next couple of days, especially in the northern and eastern parts of the state.Jaipurites woke up to a comparatively warmer morning as the city experienced a minimum temperature of 27.8 degrees Celsius, almost 3 degrees above normal. Blistering heat conditions prevailed in the afternoon with maximum temperature rising to 40.8, almost 1 degree above the normal. However, in the evening light drizzle in some parts of the city including Jhotwara, Murlipura, Sanganer and JLN Marg provided some relief from the blistering heat conditions. The met office said temperatures are going to rise further.Weather was a bit pleasant in the evening following the drizzles. Many people came out and thronged at the hang out joint to beat the heat.Churu was followed by Sriganganagar that recorded a maximum temperature of 42.6 degrees Celsius, Banasthali 42.1, Bikaner 41.6, Kota 41.4, Pilani 41.4, Pilani 41.1, Barmer 40.2, Chittorgarh 39.6, Jodhpur 39.5 and Udaipur recorded a maximum temperature of 38.6 degrees Celsius.However, the met office said that in some parts of southern Rajasthan rains and thundershowers are likely to occur in the next 24 hours since western disturbances are underway. In rest of the state the weather will mainly remain dry as maximum and minimum temperatures in the eastern, western and northern parts of the state are likely to take an upward swing..eomTimes News NetworkJaipur: After a prolonged spell of pleasant weather in the state the heat wave conditions revived in the state. Probably for the first time since April majority of the stations witnessed maximum temperature on or above 40 degrees Celsius.Though some parts of the state witnessed mild showers on Monday evening but that was not enough to give respite from the sultry weather. Churu remained hottest of the season so far as it witnessed a maximum temperature of 43.4 degree Celsius.Attributing the climatic change to the revival of northerly winds the met office said that mercury would go up in the state in the upcoming days. The maximum and minimum temperatures are going to shot up in the next couple of days especially in the northern and eastern parts of the state.Jaipurities woke up to comparatively warmer morning as the city experienced a minimum temperature of 27.8 degree Celsius, almost 3 degrees above the normal notch. In the afternoon blistering heat conditions were witnessed when the city witnessed a maximum temperature of 40.8 degree Celsius, almost 1 degree above the normal notch. However in the evening drizzles at some parts of the city including Jhotwara, Murlipura, Sanganer, JLN Marg provided a bit relief from the blistering heat conditions. Met office said that the temperatures are going to rise further.Weather was a bit pleasant in the evening following the drizzles. Many people came out and thronged at the hang out joint to beat the heat.Meanwhile, Barmer was followed by Sriganganagar that recorded a maximum temperature of 42.6 degree Celsius, Vanasthali 42.1, Bikaner 41.6, Kota 41.4, Pilani 41.4, Pilani 41.1, Barmer 40.2, Chittorgarh 39.6, Jodhpur 39.5 and Udaipur recorded a maximum temperature of 38.6 degree Celsius.However, the met office said that in some parts of southern Rajasthan rains and thundershowers are likely to occur in the next 24 hours since western disturbances are underway. In rest of the state the weather will mainly remain dry as maximum and minimum temperatures in the eastern, western and northern parts of the state are likely to take an upward swing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "on board special aircraft", "code": "13047476", "title": "Pratibha Patil yet again defends her foreign tours", "text": "ON BOARD SPECIAL AIRCRAFT: President Pratibha Patil yet again came out with a strong defence of her foreign tours, saying she was forced to go public on the issue despite government clarifications.\"Some things were explained in the briefing of the external affairs ministry. Commerce minister Anand Sharma also said that it was very unfortunate to raise controversy over the President's visits.\"Some things were such that I needed to clear them....\" Patil told reporters last night while returning from her nine- day tour of South Africa and Seychelles, her last foreign visit as President. Patil retires on July 25.She was asked whether she felt that the government failed to be sufficiently pro-active to protect her by forcefully replying to the criticism of her foreign tours.Patil's remarks came close on the heels of an interview to a TV channel to put her side of the story.The interview appeared unusual as it was given during her visit of South Africa and to a channel that had no representative in the media team accompanying her during the tour.The media accompanying her was unaware of the interaction till it was shown by the TV channel.Her interview followed a status report put out by Rashtrapati Bhavan on the \"landmark\" initiative of the President of taking business delegations in her tours to promote economic diplomacy.Tours of Patil, who became the President in 2007, had become a subject matter of controversy following revelations that Rs 200 crore was spent on her dozen-odd tours.Taking the credit for starting the practice of taking business delegations, Patil said that in an interdependent world, economic diplomacy was becoming more and more important.She said that it was necessary to take such business delegations to boost economic development and employment.Citing the importance of such a venture, she said that her South African counterpart Jacob Zuma at the just-concluded India-South Africa business meeting emphasised that \"we stand ready to provide whatever support is needed to make doing business easy in our respective countries.\"She said it is the \"biggest assurance\" any business community could have and such an assurance was in mutual benefit. The President being accompanied by a senior minister gives the much needed weight to such interactions, she said.Detailing the strengths of India and the African countries she visited, the President said that mutual cooperation being envisaged in diverse fields like gasification technology, IT, computer education, pharmaceuticals and other areas with South Africa and Seychelles would \"go a long way\" to promote the interests of the country.\"As has been the practice in my overseas visits all these years, strong business delegations accompanied me to Seychelles and South Africa.\"Senior ministers were present in the India-Seychelles Business Forum meeting in Victoria while President Zuma himself attended the India-South Africa Business Forum meeting in Pretoria.\"I am particularly grateful to both President James Alex Michel (of Seychelles) and President Zuma for making it possible to be present at all my important engagements,\" she said in a statement to the media on conclusion of her visit.The President spoke at length about the visits she made to heritage sites in South Africa associated with Mahatma Gandhi including the Phoenix Settlement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13045064", "title": "CBI court issues summons to Jagan", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an indication that matters might move faster in the Jagan assets case, the CBI court took cognizance of the first chargesheet filed by the CBI in the case and directed that summons be issued to the 13 accused including YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy to be present in the court on May 28.Principal special judge A Pullaiah of the CBI Court passed the order to this effect 10 days ago. CBI officials said the development came to their knowledge only on Monday. Special judge Pullaiah is on leave till May 15 and the CBI is slated to serve the summons to the accused during the next few days so that they can be present in court on May 28. In the case of IAS officer BP Acharya, also an accused in the case, the court took cognizance of the criminal conspiracy and criminal breach of trust charges. It excluded charges against him under the Prevention of Corruption Act as the central sanction is not forthcoming .The CBI on Monday filed the third chargesheet in the Y S Jaganmohan Reddy assets case in which it named M/s Ramky Pharma City India Ltd (RPCIL), its chairman A Ayodhya Rami Reddy and IAS officer G Venkata Ram Reddy as accused. Jagan, his financial auditor V Vijay Sai Reddy and Jagathi Publications remained accused number one, two and three respectively. The Jawaharlal Nehru Pharma City was allotted 2,143 acres of land in Visakhapatnam. According to the chargesheet, the Ramky group sold off 914 acres to third parties in violation of rules and earned Rs 133 crore in the process and effected a loss to the state exchequer.The first chargesheet named Jagan , his auditor V Vijay Sai Reddy, pharma companies -Aurobindo , Hetero and Trident along with their proprietors Nityananada Reddy, Srinivasa Reddy and Saratchandra Reddy. Jagan's companies Jagathi and Janani Infra, YVL Prasad, a retired APIIC officer and company secretary P S Chandra Mouli of Aurobindo are the other accused entities and individuals named in the first chargesheet.Till date, the CBI has arrested Vijaya Sai Reddy in the case. The trial court set the auditor free on bail, and the CBI has challenged the same in the AP high court. The probe agency had informed the judiciary earlier that it has decided not to arrest investors in the case. However, upon taking cognizance of the chargesheet, the court will examine the roles of all the accused.Once the accused appear in the court, as Jagan and the other accused need to do on May 28, the latter has powers to send them to judicial custody. Though the accused have the option of filing a special 'vakalatnama' through their counsel and get exemption from attending the court hearings, such an option is not available for the first appearance, legal sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13042855", "title": "New Sena chief appointed in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Over two months after the Nashik unit of Shiv Sena was dissolved, the party has appointed former district vice-president Vijay Karanjkar asits president. The district and city working committees are expected to be announced soon.After the debacle of the Shiv Sena in the recent elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), the party's executive president Uddhav Thackeray had dissolved both city and district panels on February 29.The Nashik unit of Shiv Sena was without party office-bearers for the past two months. Around two-three meetings of former local office-bearers were held with the party leader Uddhav Thackeray at Mathoshri- the party's headquarters in Mumbai, but Uddhav had avoided talking on appointments of the new office-bearers for Nashik city and the district.But after a period of over two months, Uddhav Thackeray has gone on to appoint senior Shiv Sena leader Vijay Karanjkar as new Nashik district chief.Karanjkar is a senior party leader. He was the former Bhagur taluka president and former Nashik district vice-president of Shiv Sena.While the appointment of the party's office-bearers have not been appointed yet it is expected to happen within a few weeks.After the poll debacle of Shiv Sena in the elections to Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray had dissolved the party's city and district units. Both Shiv Sena and BJP had contested the recent NMC elections separately that had caused the major setback to both parties.The Sena, which had won 26 seats in 2007, could only win 19 seats in this year's election, while the BJP retained 14 seats. The MNS had emerged as the single largest party by winning 40 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13045093", "title": "HC admits Jagir Kaur plea against conviction", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday admitted an appeal for hearing filed by former Punjab minister Bibi Jagir Kaur seeking setting aside of her conviction for abduction and forcible abortion of her daughter. With this, the membership of Jagir Kaur in the state legislative assembly would be saved.As per the mandate of the Representation of Peoples Act 1951, if an elected public representative files an appeal against his/her conviction within a period of three months from the date of conviction, he/she can continue as member of the state assembly till the outcome of the appeal.In her appeal, Jagir Kaur has stated that the trial court erred gravely in placing reliance on the prosecution case and in returning a finding of guilt on the basis of shaky evidence.The petition further said that an independent witness was not examined; and those examined neither supported the version of the prosecution, nor corroborated the same.She also pleaded that the approver in the case could not be relied upon and that the second half of the judgment rendered by the Patiala court contradicts its first half.She has sought directions to set aside the CBI court's orders.On March 30, Jagir Kaur was sentenced to five years' rigorous imprisonment under Sections 120B (criminal conspiracy) read with 365 (kidnapping or abducting with intent secretly and wrongfully to confine person), 313 (causing miscarriage without woman's consent) and under Sections 344 (wrongful confinement) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).However, she had resigned immediately from the cabinet after she was sent to Kapurthala jail, where she is presently lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043621", "title": "CBI court frames charges against 5", "text": "NEW DELHI: Paving the way for their trial, a special CBI court has framed charges against five people in Rs 4,000-crore Taj Co-operative Group Housing Scheme scam.Besides Narayan Diwakar, former registrar of co-operative society (RCS) official and the alleged kingpin of the scam, the court framed charges of cheating, forgery, criminal conspiracy and corruption against Ram Nath and Faiz Mohammed, former inspectors of RCS and Anna Wankhede and D N Sharma, officials of the defunct Taj Society which was allegedly revived by the accused to get land allotted from DDA at a cheaper rate.\"A prima facie case to frame charges under Section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) read with sections 420 (cheating), 468 (forgery) and 471 (using forged documents) of IPC and Section 13 (2) read with 13(1)(d) (relating to criminal misconduct by a public servant) of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1988, is made out against the accused ,\" special CBI Judge R P Pandey said.The seven-year-old case dates back to July 29, 2005 when the CBI lodged an FIR against six people. However, the court discharged Srichand, a builder, saying the agency hadn't found sufficient evidence against him. \"The accused Srichand stands discharged and his bail bond has been cancelled,\" the court had said.The CBI had alleged that the Taj housing society was set up in 1972 and wound up in 1979 by RCS but Diwakar allegedly approved the proposal to revive it with the help of forged documents and signatures in connivance with the other accused on March 11, 2004.The agency said that Diwakar, in a criminal conspiracy along with five others, revived Taj CGHS on the basis of bogus and fake documents with the sole intention to get land allotted from DDA at a cheaper rate. It alleged that the builder mafia conspired with the RCS and exploited the provisions of Delhi Co-operative Societies (DCS) Act which allows for the revival of wound up societies.Taj CGHS was set up in 1972 and wound up in 1979, with a brief existence in an amalgamated form as Taj Sartaj CGHS. However, sometime in 2003, the original files of Taj CGHS and its amalgamated successor disappeared from the RCS office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13043380", "title": "Cochin Minerals stock touches lifetime high on record profit", "text": "KOCHI: A record increase in net profit after tax for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 that ended on March 31 propelled the stock of Cochin Minerals &amp; Rutile Ltd to a lifetime high of Rs 245.65 a share on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Monday.The Aluva-based specialty chemicals maker kept employee costs and collateral expenditure low during the fourth quarter and reported robust net profit at Rs 27.38 crore, compared to Rs 0.84 crore in the year-ago quarter.The company's stock price climbed 10% to Rs 245.65 with traded volumes on the counter surpassing 126,500.Net sales during the quarter more than doubled to Rs 74.47 crore from Rs 30.09 crore in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011.For the entire fiscal, the company posted an almost six-fold increase in net profit after tax to Rs 57.08 crore from Rs 4.85 crore a year ago, with net sales of Rs 239 crore (Rs 132 crore last year). The board of directors of the company has recommended a dividend of Rs 12 per share including Rs 10 per share as special dividend for 2011-12. The company had paid dividend of Rs 1.75 per share on face value of Rs 10 for the previous fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13045096", "title": "Descriptive method to make autopsy results more definite", "text": "KANPUR: Access to the causes of deaths will now be easier as postmortem examination will be more descriptive. DNA conservation will also be an important part of postmortem as it will be compulsory in every case. Following the recent instructions given by the Supreme Court, the health authorities have changed the proforma of postmortem examinations. It has made it tough for the doctors who conduct autopsy but easier for the cops to detect the exact reason of death.According to the recent orders of Supreme Court, all the state authorities were urged to change the proforma of postmortem done till date. This happened after delay in prouncing verdict in several cases by SC due to lack of proof , which were destroyed or postmortem was conducted poorly.\"The one-page proforma of postmortem has been changed to 13 pages. This will make the process even more tough and time-taking. But will be beneficial for the people to understand. The new proforma consists of figures of human body parts where the doctor had to point out the area of wound or cut. This will make even a layman to understand a postmortem report,\" informed additional director, health and family welfare, Jai Singh said.Dr GP Sachan and BL Gupta received special training for conducting the postmortem examination by the new method. This new proforma has been enforced in every postmortem house from May 1. These specialists will give further training to all the postmortem specialists in the city. Lucknow, Agra and Varanasi have been selected to establish the forensic and DNA testing lab.As per the SC guidelines, one postmortem kit will now be used to perform postmortem on one body only. Videography will also be compulsory in case of unidentified bodies. The new proforma includes the name of doctor, who performed the postmortem and name of the videographer in case of the postmortem of the unidentified bodies.\"The DNA conservation may include conserving either the given body specimen, including 20 mili litres of blood, 100 grams of flesh, one complete joint body bone, hair or nails. As much as 50 mililitres of the samples of liver and stomach used as 'viscera' will now be conserved,\" informed Dr GP Sachan, postmortem specialist.He added that this will increase the time duration of postmortem. But being it highly descriptive, even a layman will be able to understand postmortem report. Also, compulsory conservation of DNA will be helpful in accessing the identity of unidentified bodies and help in complex cases.As per the Supreme Court guidelines, one postmortem kit will now be used to perform postmortem on one body only. Videography will also be compulsory in case of unidentified bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13044483", "title": "US secretly releasing detainees from Afghan prisons: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US has been secretly releasing highlevel detainees from a military prison in Afghanistan for several years in a bold effort to initiate negotiations with the insurgent groups, but one that American officials acknowledge could prove to be a costly gamble.As the US has so far unsuccessfully pursued peace deal with Taliban , The Washington Post on Monday reported that the \"strategic\" release programme has quietly served as a live diplomatic channel allowing American officials to use prisoners as bargaining chips in restive provinces where military power has reached its limits.But the paper said, releases are an inherent gamble as freed prisoners are often notorious fighters who may return to the gun culture and attack US forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13041369", "title": "Our fielding and bowling was not upto the mark: Virender Sehwag", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Daredevils skipper Virender Sehwag on Monday blamed his bowlers and fielders for their six-wicket thrashing against Kolkata Knight Riders in the Indian Premier League match.Electing to bat, Delhi batsmen failed to convert their starts and Sehwag also felt his team's total was around 20-25 runs short in the end.\"We were short by 20-25 runs, we didn't capitalise on the middle overs. But 150-odd was not a bad total, our fielding and bowling was not upto the mark, when you are giving boundary balls, it is difficult to set a field,\" Sehwag said after the match.Asked if Shahbaz Nadeem was the right choice, Sehwag said: \"We decided to give the spinner [Nadeem] a chance because Gautam is batting well against the fast bowlers.\"Sehwag also praised West Indies spinner Sunil Narine, who continued his good work and claimed two wickets today.\"[Narine] might not work against me, I could have smashed him. But it is difficult for others, it is difficult to peak him, he is good and young bowler, he is learning fast.\"Kolkata Knight Riders skipper Gautam Gambhir also acknowledged the spinner's contribution to his team.\"What he has done for us is tremendous, he is a charged up bowler. Sunil has been the peak of bowlers but others have also done well,\" he said.Man of the Match Jacques Kallis said his team is trying to finish the league stage at the top of the table to qualify for the finals.\"It has been a fantastic season for us. Captain has had a fantastic season. Our wicket at Kolkata does not have this sort of carry. It was good to deliver on this sort of wicket. We are focussing on trying to end up first or second and get through to the final,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "13044349", "title": "At 9, Anurag is an arithmetic champ", "text": "Civil Lines: At nine years of age, his ability to calculate big numbers can put mathematicians to test, but it is this passion that led Anurag Gupta, a Class V student of KVM School to win the fifth state-level abacus and mental arithmetic championship, conducted by Universal Concept Mental Arithmetic System or UCMAS (India) in Jalandhar.Anurag completed eight terms of the programme to graduate successfully. ''I wanted to surprise my mother, so I did not tell her about having won the first prize. She was a little disappointed as she has been the main motivation behind my success,'' said Anurag, adding, ''But when she saw me with the trophy, she hugged me and said I had made her proud.''''I couldnt believe my eyes when I saw him with his prize. His efforts have reaped a sweet reward and will encourage him to achieve a lot in future,'' said his beaming mother Seema Gupta. In-charge of the primary section at Anurag's school Annu Sehra said Anurag's feat has made everybody proud at school and would inspire other students.''We want students to derive inspiration from him as this is not an easy accomplishment,'' she added. Even principal Navita Puri praised the boy's effort saying, ''It's a moment of great happiness and Anurag was felicitated to congratulate him for the achievement.'' Anurag, who wants to become an aviation engineer, said his friends felt the trophy was too big for him and wanted him to divide it in three parts. ''They asked me to use the three parts for drinking milk, juice and water,'' he laughs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044214", "title": "Mehta Nagar bridge stuck in political game to open soon", "text": "CHENNAI: After being stuck in a political game for six months, a newly constructed bridge across the Cooum at Mehta Nagar will open in a fortnight, said corporation officials.\"The bridge will open in 15 days,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan. He, however, did not explain why it had been delayed. The completed bridge remains barricaded but for a small opening local residents have made. There is a steady trickle of vehicles using the bridge during day. \"The bridge is still not officially open. So many people do not know about it,\" said Rajan, a resident of the locality. \"Even if they open it, it can be made only one-way because of the encroachment on the already narrow road,\" he said.DMK workers allege the bridge was not opened because of political reasons. \"The bridge was built and almost completed during the previous government's tenure. The bridge was completed six months ago, but remains officially closed,\" said Prabha, a DMK cadre from the locality. \"Those unaware of the bridge take a 1km detour,\" said Rajan.Former mayor of city, M Subramaniam , said that all DMK projects suffer a similar fate. \"Apart from this, the Villivakkam subway and the bridge over the Buckingham Canal in Indra Nagar face the same fate. Both were built by the DMK government,\" he said.Mayor Saidai Duraisamy denied such allegations. \"If the project is good for the public, regardless of who built it, there will not be any delay in making it usable,\" he said.The construction of the 3.67crore bridge which started in 2009 faced several hurdles. The allocation of the MP's fund took time, said Subramaniam. The 120 metre bridge was built with 1.5 crores came from Central Chennai MP Dayanidhi Maran's MP funds.For the Villivakkam subway, corporation officials said that railways took a long time to complete their portion of the work and hence the delay. The subway will also opened soon, said corporation officials.The construction of the 3.67crore bridge which started in 2009 faced several hurdles. The allocation of the MP's fund took time", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kandela (jind)", "code": "13045048", "title": "Villagers dedicate temple to 'saviour' bull", "text": "KANDELA (JIND): Back in 2002 when a bull saved protesting residents of Kandela - a sleepy hamlet in Haryana's Jind - from indiscriminate police firing, the animal transcended its mortal being and joined the league of Gods. After the bull died a natural death, the villagers built a temple in his fond memory. Today, this temple perhaps has more devotees than any other in the vicinity.Ten years back, Kandela village had turned into a virtual battleground between farmers and the then INLD government led by Om Prakash Chautala. The villagers were up in arms against the government's power policy. They blocked the highway and mounted their agitation.To quell the protest, Haryana cops opened fire on the villagers when the bull came charging towards the police and attacked them. Almost simultaneously, by divine providence, the police rifles stopped working and their vehicles got jammed. Even though a few villagers did lose their lives in the shooting, they believe that the bull emerged as a saviour and prevented many more deaths.\" Dada Kheda\" (supreme authority), as the bull is addressed, breathed its last two years later in 2004. To pay tribute to it, a temple was constructed by the rural folks, where every Sunday the entire village assembles to offer prayers to its hero. A statue of the bull is enshrined in the shrine. Today, the temple, situated on the Jind-Chandigarh highway, is overseen by the village panchayat -- with one caretaker permanently posted for its upkeep. The caretaker keeps flame in an earthen pot burning round-the-clock and also performs 'aarti' (prayer) in the morning and evening.Recounting the 2002 incident, Roshan Singh, a village veteran, told TOI that villagers are living happily today just because of the bull's blessings. \"He saved our lives miraculously. I saw him confronting rifle-totting cops whose weapons stopped functioning and vehicles got stuck. Even the mounted cops fled seeing the aggression of the bull,\" said Roshan, who had received splinter injuries in the incident.Kandela sarpanch Randhir Singh told TOI that the bull symbolizes destiny of the village and before starting any work, a new project or even when children attend school for the first time, a special prayer is offered at this temple. He added that every Sunday, special prayers are offered to \"Dada Kheda\" and it is just because of his blessings that the village has not faced any tragedy in the last one decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044705", "title": "Opposition slams 'clean-but-slow' AK Antony, blames him for slowdown in defence modernization", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's slow pace of defence acquisition came under heavy artillery fire in the Rajya Sabha on Monday with several opposition members pointing to China's aggressive military modernization and claiming that the giant northern neighbour, and not Pakistan, was the real long-term threat.Defence minister AK Antony and his gargantuan ministry was the target of the opposition benches, with MPs dwelling upon the parliamentary standing committee's latest report that paints a dismal picture of the military's operational readiness and tardy infrastructure build-up along the 4,057-km Line of Actual Control (LAC) with China.The opposition criticized the slowdown in several military modernization projects, especially the ones connected to the 1.13-million strong Army, as pointed out by Army chief General V K Singh, even as China has assiduously augmented its trans-border military capabilities and taken its officially declared annual defence budget to $110 billion.Justifiably dubbed 'Mr Clean' or 'St Antony' for his emphasis on probity in public life, the minister will get an opportunity to return fire on Tuesday. But on Monday, he and his armoury of defence ministry brass in the officials' gallery all sat quietly, furiously scratching notes to fight fire.BJP MP Balbir Punj strongly pitched for India's defence allocation to be increased to at least 3% of the GDP, instead of letting it hover around 2%, and asked Antony to shed his \"no work, no mistake, clean image\" philosophy.\"Why doesn't the government choose PPP (public private partnership) mode for indigenous arms production? It is because arms import lobbies are very strong and they will never allow domestic production...the minister, like a soldier, should fight them up front if you want the country to be self-sufficient,'' he said.Avtaar Singh Karimpuri of Bahujan Samaj Party, too, did not mince words. Holding that a drastic upgrade of India's military capabilities was needed to counter China, he said Antony otherwise might end up protecting his clean image but not the country. The minister, if he was \"scared'', could constitute an all-party committee to push for military modernization at a rapid clip.Similarly, Shivananad Tiwari of Janata Dal (United) said India needed to focus on China with single-minded determination in the 50th year since the 1962 debacle, not an imploding Pakistan, and make plans accordingly.Even UPA allies expressed concern over the present state of affairs vis-a-vis China.D Bandyopadhyay of Trinamool Congress said, \"Our greatest threat is from the sleeping giant in the north ...We have to be careful.'' D P Tripathi of NCP called for specific Army divisions to protect the \"elongated strategic chokepoint of the Siliguri corridor\".Ram Gopal Yadav of SP said \"indecisiveness in the defence ministry'' should be cast aside while confronting the \"real threat\" from China, which is constantly \"violating our boundaries\".BJP strongly pitched for India's defence allocation to be hiked to 3% of the GDP, instead of letting it hover at 2%, and asked Antony to shed his \"no work, no mistake, clean image\" philosophy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047449", "title": "CID trouble for RGV\u2019s Rakta Charitra", "text": "Rakta Charitra has landed Ram Gopal Varma in trouble. The filmmaker is likely to be questioned by the Andhra Pradesh detective department (CID) about the support he got from Bhanu Kiran, the prime accused in the murder of gangster Gangula Suryanarayana Reddy alias Suri.According to CID sources, Bhanu confessed to having financed Rakta Charitra based on the Rayalaseema faction killings and Telugu Desam Party's Paritala Ravi. The police had questioned the producer, C Kalyan, soon after Suri's murder last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13045043", "title": "Amausi\u2019s new terminal to open on May 19", "text": "LUCKNOW: Get ready to fly from new terminal at Amausi airport. Delayed by almost three years, the terminal building will finally be inaugurated by civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on May 19. The terminal, however, will be operational a couple of days after the inauguration.Confirming this, airport director Atul Dikshit said that the entire passenger load will be transferred to the new terminal building. \"The old terminal will be closed for renovation ,\" Dikshit said. Spread over an area of around 20,000 sq mts, the three-tier building had come under the scanner of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) following reports of financial anomalies in its construction. The building is estimated to be constructed at a cost of around Rs 120 crore.Enough to accommodate 750 passengers at any given point of time, the new terminal will have internet cafes, duty-free shops, cafeterias, snack bars, book shops and jewellery stores. While the ground floor will have the arrival and departure points, the first floor will have a lounge connected to two aerobridges that will enable the passengers to walk straight into the aircraft.AAI officials said that the parking space for vehicles too is ready for operational use. Likewise, offices of the airlines will be shifted in the new terminal soon after the inauguration . He said that the allotment of plazas and offices to different airlines has been done. An official in one of the private airlines confirmed that the AAI has issued them a notice to shift into the new terminal building. Construction of the new terminal building faced a host of labor problems that delayed the ambitious project considerably. In 2010, over 300 labourers refused to resume work after they were reportedly denied payment by the contractor of the Brahmaputra Construction Limited, the agency that was entrusted with the job of constructing the terminal building.The new terminal holds much significance given the fact that it serves the capital of country's largest state in terms of population. Airport caters to over 2.5L fliers every yrLucknow has been witnessing an increase in the number of airlines coming forth to connect it with other cities in India as well as abroad. With the airport witnessing a steady increase - often estimated in the range of 15-20 % every year - the need for a new terminal has increasingly been felt. The airport now witnesses around 2.5 lakh fliers every year. This is likely to go over 3 lakh by end of current financial year. The coming of new terminal is also important for the fact that the present terminal is fast losing its sheen and utility.In November last cleaning operations in the new terminal were carried out on a war-footing after the ministry of civil aviation indicated that it could be high time when the facility be thrown open to public use. November 19, which is the birth anniversary of late PM Indira Gandhi , was chosen as the date. This was later shifted to December 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13044072", "title": "PGI doctors on mass casual leave today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bringing to a halt the essential patient services at the PGI, over 1,500 resident doctors posted at all the patient care areas except ICUs and emergency services will go on a day's mass casual leave on Tuesday. Over 6,000 patients visit the out patient department every day. A fortnight ago, nurses had observed a day's mass casual leave which had paralysed the institute's work. The decision came following a late night meeting of the association of resident doctors (ARD).\"The decision of the administration is too late, too little\", the ARD said.The ARD came to this decision after the committee which had been constituted to probe the allegations of a PGI doctor being manhandled and locked in a washroom by an Operation Theatre technician issued show cause notice to technician and transferred him to tetanus ward.PGI doctors have been on the warpath after an OT technician allegedly manhandled a doctor. The doctors however had been demanding his suspension.The committee which had been constituted under the headship Y K Batra on May 6 was to submit its findings on Monday. According to official sources, Gurpreet Sethi, the OT technician and the resident doctor Ajay Mishra were called to produce evidence in support of their allegations.\"Gurpreet was asked if he had refused to accompany Dr Ajay to shift the patient for MRI scan. He has asked for 20 days to respond with proof to the committee. He also demanded copy of the complaint filed by Dr Mishra,\" said Jagjit Singh , president of the OT technician union. The OT technician union has accepted the decision. \"However we will not let the doctors suspend him. When the resident doctors agitate on this issue, we will only support our technician. We will not intervene as a union. But if the doctors stick to their demand of suspending Gurpreet, we will support him,\" said Jagjit.The resident doctors had been on fast on Monday to protest the behaviour of the technician. \"We have been asked to submit proof to endorse our charges against the technician. We don't want patient care to suffer, so we will go on mass casual leave. But work in the emergency services will not be disrupted. The technician should have been transferred three months ago when complaints were made to the higher-ups,\" said president of the association of resident doctors.According to official sources, police officials and both presidents of resident doctors and OT technicians' unions in the presence of director PGI, Dr Yogesh Chawla were called to settle the matter amicably.On 3 May, resident doctors had assembled near the director's office alleging misbehaviour by the OT technician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043323", "title": "St Xavier's ready with unitary varsity draft plan", "text": "KOLKATA: St Xavier's College, which is vying for the tag of the country's first unitary state-aided minority university, has prepared a draft proposal about the nature of the new university and its focal areas. It has been sent to key academics and administrators of the state for their opinion.Once their opinions are in place and changes, if any, are made, the draft will be sent to the Kolkata Province of the Society of Jesus - the controlling authority of all Jesuit institutions of the region. After ratification by the society, the draft will then be sent to the state higher education department for consideration.Once formed, the university will have to be ratified through legislation moved by the state government. The upgrade was first suggested by chief minister Mamata Banerjee when she visited the college during its convocation in January this year.\"Since none less than the chief minister wanted us to be upgraded to a university, we are sure she will guide us through the process. It will take another two months before we send the draft to the state higher education department,\" said college principal, Father Felix Raj. Once formed, St Xavier's will be the country's first Jesuit-run university.A think tank on the lines of the mentor group of Presidency University has been set up to guide the process to upgrade the state's first autonomous college to a university. This group includes Suranjan Das, vice-chancellor of Calcutta University to which the college is affiliated, and industrialist-cum-alumnus, Sanjeev Goenka. \"I deliberately do not wish to call this our mentor group,\" joked Father Raj.The college has just been granted 16 acres in Rajarhat. This is also in accordance with a plea that had been formally made before the chief minister on the day of the convocation.\"We had asked for 25 acres, but we have been given 16 acres in Rajarhat because a bigger plot than thiswas not available. This, together with the 6 acres that were given by the former government off the EM Bypass and the 6 acres that we have on Park Street, should be enough to help us set up a university,\" Father Raj said.The Rajarhat campus will have some key departments like BBA and MBA and will anchor the Xavier's B-school on the lines of XLRI Jamshedpur and XIMB Bhubaneswar. Similarly, the EM Bypass campus will have all the mass communications departments. Since it is located just behind the Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute (SRFTI), it will help the area become a mass communication hub, the authorities feel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044119", "title": "West Bengal may lose NSG hub to Gujarat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unable to find suitable land to set up a 'regional centre' of the National Security Guard (NSG) in West Bengal, the government is exploring the option to establishing it in Gujarat. The centre will house over 5,000 commandos of the counter-terror force for operational and logistics purposes.Though search of land in West Bengal continues, the central government has, meanwhile, accorded 'in principle' approval to a request made by the Gujarat government to set up a regional centre in the state which will cover the entire western and northern flank of the country.Kolkata already has an NSG hub which was set up in the aftermath of the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks. Similar hubs were set up Mumbai, Chennai and Hyderabad as well in the past two years.Besides the four 'hubs', the government had decided to set up two regional centers - one each in West Bengal and Andhra Pradesh. While the NSG got a 600-acre plot in Hyderabad for the purpose, it had to contend with only 34.31 acres at Badu, near Kolkata.\"Since the West Bengal regional centre did not turn out as large as it was expected, the centre is now planned in Gujarat. If all goes well, NSG will station 5,150 personnel there. Government may in due course increase the capacity of Kolkata's NSG hub which can cater to the eastern part of the country,\" an official said.He said the NSG was scouting for around 600 acres in Gujarat and a final decision would be taken once the force found a suitable base in the state.The NSG regional centre will have training and combat exercise facilities for the counter-terror and counter-hijack commandos of the force, which at present are only available at its main centre in Manesar in Gurgaon.The NSG, in absence of the desired land in West Bengal, had also curtailed its plan to induct the sanctioned number of personnel (5,150) as the Kolkata regional centre could only house 460 personnel on the 35-acre plot.Once the Gujarat regional centre gets the green signal, the NSG will be able to effectively command the western flank of the country which is now being looked after by the Mumbai-based hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043852", "title": "East Delhi tops city in development: Census", "text": "NEW DELHI: East Delhi is the capital's most developed district by most standards, newly released Census data shows. However, large swathes of the city, especially in its north-east and southwest , have standards of living more comparable with a small town than with a megapolis.Varsha Joshi, director of Census Operations , National Capital Territory of Delhi, released data on houses, household amenities and assets on Monday.The data shows that East Delhi - with a population of 17 lakh, which includes Preet Vihar, Patparganj and Mayur Vihar - does as well or better than Central Delhi - Daryaganj, Paharganj and Karol Bagh - with just 5.8 lakh people and New Delhi district, with just 1 lakh people, on most indicators.Access to tap water is 92% in East Delhi, taking it a close second behind central Delhi. The rest of Delhi lags far behind, with access to tap water the lowest (71%) in the south district, which includes the Defence Colony , Kalkaji and Hauz Khas areas.Overall, one in every five Delhi residents does not have access to tap water . While hand-pump use has gone down, borewell and tanker use has doubled to 8.4% and 5% respectively .Delhi's substantial rural areas, with a total population of 4.2 lakh, lag far behind: just 22% of rural West Delhi has tap water.East Delhi has the highest proportion of houses with a toilet inside the premises and a substantial coverage of its piped sewerage system. Though Central and New Delhi do slightly better than East Delhi, their population is negligible compared to that of the east. Just 10% of rural Delhi, however, has piped sewerage.Over 10% of Delhi still has no toilet, even though this number has been halved over the last decade. In New Delhi, the district that houses Parliament and most VIPs, one in every five persons has no toilet and uses a public toilet, indicating that a substantial slum population still exists in the district, said Varsha Joshi, director of Census Operations , National Capital Territory of Delhi.LPG use has doubled in Delhi over the last 10 years and is now the predominant fuel used for cooking, while electricity is the primary source of lighting for almost 100% of the population.Some 37% of Delhi still owns no vehicle. A fifth of households own cars, 40% own a two-wheeler and 30% own a bicycle, with some overlap between these categories .\"There has been very little change in the proportion of families who do not own a vehicle,\" Joshi said. Car ownership is highest in West Delhi and East Delhi, while over half of Central Delhi owns no vehicle.Telephone ownership has predictably skyrocketed in Delhi, going from 35% in 2001 to 91% in 2011, and is well spread across districts, as is television ownership which is now close to 90%. Computer ownership is just under 30% and closer to 40% in East Delhi and New Delhi.Despite the declining significance and low population of these two central districts, important services remain geographically concentrated here: New Delhi and Central Delhi have the highest ratio of schools and colleges, and hospitals, to their population , despite the population explosion that has taken place in the city's peripheries.Across Delhi, both very large and very small households are tapering off, making the nuclear family the Delhi norm.\"Delhi's improved adult sex ratio and the drop in the number of one and two-member households seems to be indicating a reduction in single male migration to the city,\" said Joshi. About 70% of households have just one married couple, and 3, 4 and 5-member households have become more common. Close to a third of households have just one dwelling room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13043383", "title": "'Go in for more captive generation of power'", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala power minister Aryadan Mohammed has called upon the industry to further captive generation to tide over power shortage issues plaguing different sectors of the state economy.Speaking at a interactive session on the power sector in Kerala, organized by the Kerala chapter of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) on Monday, Mohammed said that industry should not shy away from land acquisitions wherever necessary when it faces power shortage. \"Land acquisition will have to be made at the optimum price. In the short run, it might be expensive, but in the long haul, the returns will be positive for the industry,\" he said. Noting that the state is seeing about 700 MW shortage in power production, Mohammed said the government plans to generate 500 MW by way of hydel projects in the next four years, and a further 200 MW through wind power generation.Kerala's power demand typically increases 10% annually, he said. In the industrial arena alone, a 2% increase was witnessed in fiscal 2011 over fiscal 2010. In fiscal 2012, the state's industrial power demand increased 7.2% over fiscal 2011. Acknowledging a stalemate in meeting the industry's power demand consistently, he said that the industry should be proactive when it comes to generating its own power.Patspin India Ltd MD Umang Patodia, who is presently chairman of the task force on power, CII Kerala, said the current tariff proposals of the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) would lead to a 9% increase in power costs for the LT/commercial sector, a 31% increase for 11 Kva industries and a 34% increase for the EHT (Extra High Tension) industries.\"This kind of increase is absolutely unaffordable and unsustainable for industries like tourism, hospitality, and construction and other sectors which come under the HT and EHT categories. While power transmission costs are low in Kerala, the cost of operation for industry under higher power tariffs is often higher than other states. This should be considered when carrying out any increase in power tariff,\" he said.Elaborating on the woes of the manufacturing sector in a scenario of growing power scarcity, Patodia said 4.5 lakh workers, or 5.4% of Kerala's total workforce of 83 lakh workers, are in the industrial sector. \"This sector has borne the brunt of high power tariffs. It costs the KSEB much less to supply power to the manufacturing industry than any other industry,\" he said.He said that the current power demand in Kerala is about 3,500 MW with the energy requirement pegged at 19,000 MW annually, which is likely to double in the next 10 years. He suggested that the KSEB be corporatized as its employee costs are currently the highest in India. \"40% of KSEB's employee costs comprise pension liabilities and terminal benefits. The Kerala government should take over the pension liabilitise while KSEB is corporatized,\" he suggested.About 50% of Kerala's power is purchased from other states, a major share of which is from central government stations. He noted that the 350 MW Kayamkulam thermal power plant is not being fully utilized. \"We also have the 160 MW of BSES which is not in operation for over a year. This is because both plants use naphtha as feedstock which is unviable and the plants should be converted into LNG. With new LNG plants coming up in Kerala, there is an opportunity to revive these two plans,\" Patodia said. He called for work on the proposed gas power plant in Puthu Vypeen to be expedited.Currently, 10% power restriction and half-an-hour of load-shedding has been imposed on the state in the last two months. The state will need emergency planning to avoid further power cuts in the future, he said.\"Kerala is heavily dependent on hydel power with a current hydel power capacity of around 2,000 MW. There is immense scope to add another 600 MW to the state grid through mini hydel projects. The government should also also invite public-private partnerships on a revenue-sharing basis for setting up more hydel plants in Kerala. In fact, generating 600 MW with an investment of Rs 3,500 crore is possible if the right policies are in place,\" Patodia said.Sealings &amp; Jointings MD K K M Kutty, who is also past chairman of CII Southern Region and Kerala State Council, said that as the government of India rises to the challenges of financial stability and climate change, renewable energy is among the most promising alternative power solutions.\"Organizations need to formulate a long-term footprint to effectively reduce their carbon footprint through sustainable strategies adopted towards energy generation and conservation. The move from a conventional organization to a climate responsible organization through sustainable and environment-friendly strategies will bring a whole lot of difference to the industry as well,\" he said.Industry representatives also called upon the government to scrap cross-subsidies, saying that KSEB presently has no cross-subsidy reduction plan. They noted that Kerala has unused potential to generate 2,000 MW of wind energy. However, the wind energy plants in Attappady and Ramakalmedu remain underutilized, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041982", "title": "\u2018Murdered Mumbai stockbroker supplied girl to bars\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a 30-year-old stockbroker's body bearing knife injuries was found on Manori beach, the victim's wife on Monday told the investigators that he allegedly supplied girls to bars and had extra-marital affairs with several women.\"In her statement, Ramesh Dedhia's wife said she was aware of her husband's illegal activities and that he may have been killed because of those connections,\" a senior police officer said.Deputy commissioner of police (zone XI) Mahesh Patil said, \"Preliminary investigations show Dedhia was into all kinds of illegal activities. He was arrested in the past for making fake bank demand drafts.\" Patil refused to elaborate on the nature of illegal activities Dedhia was allegedly into. The police have shortlisted some numbers after going through the calls received and made by Dedhia in the last 24 hours prior to his murder and will summon the owners of these numbers for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045352", "title": "Nitish Kumar, Rabri Devi, 9 others take oath as MLCs", "text": "PATNA: All the 11 newly elected members of Bihar legislative council took oath of membership at a function in the council annexe on Monday. They included CM Nitish Kumar , his predecessor Rabri Devi, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, ministers Narendra Singh and Bhim Singh , Ramashray Prasad Singh, Lalbabu Prasad, Upendra Prasad, Mangal Pandey, Sanjay Singh and Satyendra Narayan Singh.Deputy chairman of the council, Salim Parvez, administered them the oath of membership. Barring Rabri Devi of the RJD, Mangal Pandey, Lalbabu Prasad and Satyendra Narayan Singh of the BJP, all others have been re-elected.Later, replying to a query about the statement of health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey during the Bihar Diwas celebrations at Surat on Sunday, that Gujarat CM Narendra Modi should be projected as national leader of the party, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said it was Choubey's personal views and he would react only if the party takes a decision on the issue.Modi said the BJP and JD(U) coalition in Bihar was perfect and strong and there was no threat to it.The CM, however, gave media a slip over the issue. Other senior leaders, too, avoided making a comment. Senior BJP leader Tarakant Jha, who was chairman of the council till a day before, was also non-committal. \"If neta (read Modi) is not saying anything how could a karyakarta (worker),\" he quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042289", "title": "Man refuses to accept wife, daughter", "text": "NAGPUR: Fate of Nillofer Tabassum Rafique Shiekh and her four-day-old baby seems uncertain with the father refusing to take the wife and daughter back home from Daga Memorial Hospital (DMH) where she apparently delivered a baby girl on May 3. Sheikh, unsure whether his wife delivered a boy or a girl doesn't want to continue the relationship and is asking his in-laws to keep their daughter and the baby with them. Tehsil police have recorded the statements of members of both the families and are foreseeing DNA test as the last resort to prove the paternity.\"I would have been happy either way be it a girl or a boy. But it was Nillofer's sister who gave me the news about the boy's birth on phone and is now retracting after the hospital gave a baby girl to the mother. It was they who filed a case of baby swapping and it is they who have accepted the girl. They have made me suspicious. How do I know whether she is my baby or not?\" said Sheikh speaking to TOI.However, Nillofer's parents Minaz and Alfiya Ullu are shocked by their son-in-law's behaviour. \"He is saying that he will not accept my daughter and the baby. We agree that somehow my younger daughter, who saw baby first, did make some mistake in looking at the child. So we have accepted the girl. But surprisingly her father does not believe us. We are poor and would be happy if our daughter is given her place in the family. But, if such a situation arises we would not hesitate to take care of our daughter and granddaughter,\" said Alfiya.DMH's medical superintendent Dr Vaishali Sheikh said that the role of the hospital was over after handing over the baby to the mother. \"We have verified all our records and there is no mistake on our part. We are sure of the mother and not bothered about father. We can't keep responding to claims made by fathers. It is any way a police case now. Let the police handle it,\" she said.Meanwhile the two parties are now making all sorts of allegations against each other. Rumours of Sheikh being already married and having children are rife in the hospital. But Sheikh, who is clearly much older in age than Tabassum who would be around 22-24 years, claims that this was his first marriage and baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13046137", "title": "Myanmar could boom if it sticks to reforms: IMF", "text": "WASHINGTON: The International Monetary Fund said on Monday that Myanmar could be Asia's next boom economy if the country sticks to its new path of political and economic reforms.In its first-ever \"Article IV\" review of the economy, the IMF praised the initial moves to free up its currency in recent months and encouraged the government, politically isolated for a quarter-century, to stick to the path of reform.\"Myanmar's new government faces a historic opportunity to jump-start development and lift living standards,\" the Fund said in the milestone report.\"Myanmar could become the next economic frontier in Asia if, with appropriate reforms, it can turn its rich natural resources, young labor force, and proximity to some of the most dynamic economies, to its advantage.\"But the Fund cautioned the government, now starting to enjoy a gush of foreign investment as it opens up, to take each step carefully with a focus on maintaining economic stability.\"IMF economists believe that any rapid reforms on a large scale could make any potential mistakes very costly. Although planned reforms will take time to implement, prioritization is essential to deliver tangible benefits to the majority of the population,\" it said in a note accompanying the review.\"We see certainly a strong reform momentum coming out of Myanmar,\" said Meral Karasulu, IMF mission chief for the country.\"Over the past two years, the progress is very tangible.\"Karasulu said the Myanmar government's move to put the kyat currency on a managed float at the beginning of April was a key beginning.For years the currency has been tightly controlled, with multiple rates used by the government and various markets, and has served as a deterrence to trade and investment in the country.Now, says Karasulu, the government is committed to unifying the rates under a managed float by the time it hosts the Southeast Asian games at the end of 2013.\"There are still many informal market exchange rates,\" Karasulu said.But, she added, \"I do not find it unrealistic\" to aim for complete currency reform by the end of 2013.\"Others took... up to two years\" as well.Karasulu said the government has moved away from simply printing money to fund its deficits, which together with distorted exchange rates has fuelled extreme inflation in recent years.The IMF has seen a \"significant decline\" in so-called deficit monetization, by \"about half,\" she said.That has helped calm price rises: inflation that averaged nearly 33 percent in the fiscal year that ended in March 2008 was down to 8.2 percent in fiscal 2010-11, and 4.2 percent in the year just ended.Karasulu said the government could easily further cut the practice by allowing the state banks and insurance companies to invest more of their reserves in state bonds. Currently both groups face tight restrictions on such purchases.While the country still owes several billion dollars to bilateral and development lenders it defaulted on years ago, the IMF said the government's finances are fairly stable and show promise in the macroeconomic environment.The economy grew an estimated 5.5 percent last year and will pick up pace to about 6.0 percent in the current year, with inflation rising to 5.8 percent on average.With a surge in foreign investment sparking a rise in imports, the country's current account shortfall is expected to widen.Even so, Myanmar's reserves were $7.1 billion in September 2011, and \"are expected to remain comfortable\" this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "13045622", "title": "Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers Company offers to help in solid waste disposal in Bharuch", "text": "BHARUCH: Stinking garbage in the town may soon be a thing of past. Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers Co. Ltd. has offered to help Bharuch municipality in setting up a solid waste disposal system.\"Bharuch needs a proper solid waste disposal plant and system and we, as a part of corporate social responsibility, would like to take up this project if Bharuch municipality shows interest. Cleanliness is very important and most of the cities which are in a developing stage, face problems of solid waste disposal,\" said A M Tiwari, managing director, GNFC.He was speaking at a seminar on \"Learning from Developed Cities\" organised by Bharuch Ankleshwar Urban Development Authority and Bharuch Citizen Council recently.Bharuch does not have any kind of solid waste disposal system.In this fast developing town, tonnes of garbage collected from the city is dumped randomly at the bank of river Narmada near Zadeshwar area. Though door-to-door waste collection has started since six months, dumping of the collected waste is a major issue.Bharuch MLA Dushyant Patel and Bharuch Citizen Council convenor Kamlesh Udani welcomed the suggestion.\"GNFC has played a major role in Bharuch's development. If this major issue of solid waste disposal is handled by the company, it will be a great work for Bharuch. The municip-ality should identify proper waste disposal site at right location little away from the river so that waste water does not pollution Narmada waters,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045481", "title": "Nitish Kumar calls for struggle to get spl status for state", "text": "PATNA: Visibly anguished over the report of the Inter-Ministerial Group (IMG) rejecting Bihar's plea for special category state status, chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday called upon people to get ready for struggle. \"In a democratic set-up, if dialogue and persuasion fail to work, then struggle is also a way and time has come for it,\" he said and added he would soon decide where this struggle will be staged - \"Gandhi Maidan in Patna or Ramlila Maidan in Delhi\".Addressing a function here to release two books on Jharkhand, the CM said, \"The report of the IMG is biased and should be trashed. I shall ask Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to take a decision on his own and chart out new parameters to accord special category status to Bihar.\"He said the IMG rejected our claims based on misery and devastation wreaked by floods in the state, its international borders, inaccessible regions and poor infrastructure. The group took the stand that several other states had similar or more grave problems.\"I shall tell the PM that all the states enjoying special category status are more developed than Bihar. I will ask him to make new parameters to judge which states are far behind the national average on various indices,\" Nitish said and added that Bihar's geographical area is about 94,000km and it has a population of over 10 crore.He lamented that people sitting in Delhi were making plans and deciding the fate of people of Bihar, but they should realize that shoe of one size cannot fit everyone. \"The people of Bihar want justice. The entire state is united on this issue without any dissent,\" he said.The CM also lashed out at the Centre for not complying with the commitment incorporated in the Bihar Reorganisation Act, under which a cell was constituted in the Planning Commission to suggest ways for compensating Bihar following the creation of Jharkhand in November 2000.\"Without any help or natural resources, Bihar is making strides. The Centre should draw up new standards for different regions for their overall development. The IMG's rejection of our claims notwithstanding, we will continue our efforts,\" the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13043987", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon sends faulty house tax bills to residents", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has sent erroneous house tax bills to many residents. Many residents have complained that despite having paid earlier dues, MCG has sent bills for the last three years.The MCG, however, has called it a technical error and said that the excess amount would be refunded to the residents.\"I received a bill for Rs 9,534 four days ago and I was shocked to find that the period mentioned in the bill was from 2008 to 2011. Last year, I had paid my entire house tax bill and I have a certificate from the MCG stating that there were no dues pending. This is nothing but harassment. I am not the only one undergoing this, there are many others,\" said Raman Sharma, a resident.\"I have already sent a letter to the MCG commissioner asking for corrective measures. If he fails to do so, I will file a case in the court. The officials are purposefully sending faulty bills so the residents approach them and then they can ask for bribe to settle the matter,\" the resident added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13043029", "title": "City temples, devotees gear up for Bada Mangal bash", "text": "LUCKNOW: Preparations to celebrate Bada Mangal with full religious fervour were on full swing on Monday. While temples of Lord Hanuman were decorated with lights and flowers, security arrangements were also tightened in the district. The administration has also made arrangements for smooth flow of traffic. The event is celebrated on all Tuesdays falling in the Jyestha month of the Hindu calendar. The first Tuesday is a special one, and hence it is declared as a local holiday.Over five lakh devotees are expected to throng the Hanuman temple of Aliganj. \"We have made all arrangements to manage the crowd,\" said Rakesh Dikshit, the temple incharge. The district administration has deployed around 300 policemen for the security. Around 200 volunteers will assist the local police. Close circuit cameras have been installed to keep an eye on the movement of the crowd and prevent any untoward incident. In view of scorching heat, the road leading to temple has been decked up with mats and tents. A medical camp has also been set up for medical aid. Generators for power back up have also been installed.Similarly, the management at Hanuman Setu Temple situated in the heart of the city near Lucknow University has made arrangements for the convenience of devotees. \"It is difficult for the devotees to walk bare foot on the boiling marble floor in this scorching heat, so we will spread jute mats for their relief. Tents will be put up, and water tanks will be made available by Jal Nigam,\" said Bhagwan Singh Bhisht, chief priest. Security arrangements too have been tightened, with the presence of 100 volunteers and access to 20 guards deployed outside the temple premise. The Hanuman temple in Hazratganj will also be adorned with flowers and garlands.Festival is reflection of communal amityBada Mangal dedicated to Lord Ram's devotee, Hanuman, and is celebrated on the first Tuesday of Jyestha. As per the traditional Hindu calendar followed in North India, all the Tuesdays of the Jyestha month (May-June) is celebrated as Bada Mangal and is considered very sacred day for Hindus. It is mainly observed in Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh and nearby regions. The festival is believed to be more than 400 years old and is traces its origin to the New Hanuman Mandir at Aliganj, Lucknow. Bada Mangal a symbol of Hindu- Muslim unity, as it reflects the tradition of friendliness and generosity. Based on the dream of Janab-e-Aalia, the second wife of Nawab Shuja-ud-Daula, the old Aliganj temple was constructed. In order to draw people to the temple fairs were organised during the auspicious month.Traffic Diversions:Traffic restrictions will be imposed all over the city on the occasion of Bada Mangal on Tuesday. There will be many diversions and commuters will have to change their routes in order to reach their destination. Vehicles coming from Sitapur Road will not be allowed to go to Kapoorthala via Daliganj crossing. Whereas commuters coming from Vishnupuri colony of Kursi Road will have to pass Wireless Chauraha in order to reach Neera Nursing Road. Commuters will not be able to commute from IT crossing to Vivekanand Polyclinic and Aliganj via Kapoorthala. They will have to pass from Central Bank trisection to Vishnupuri. Similarly, there will be traffic restrictions from Sahara tower to Kapoorthala crossing and vehicles will have to pass through the overbridge at the back of the tower. On the same lines, vehicles coming from IT crossing and Nirala Nagar cannot reach Kapoorthala via Nirala Nagar trisection. They will have to pass through Purania. And commuters, going from Channi Lal Chauraha to Kapoorthala, will have to pass through Wireless crossing. Commuters will not be allowed to move from Sai Mandir trisection to Kapoorthala crossing. Instead vehicles can pass through Sahara Tower behind Pragati Bazar. Similarly restrictions will be imposed from Alkapuri trisection to Kapoorthala crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13043518", "title": "Mason held for killing ex-lover and her child", "text": "BANGALORE: A 27-year-old mason has been arrested for allegedly strangling his 30-year-old estranged live-in partner and her 10-year-old son to death inside their tiny shed in Ambedkarnagar, Old Byappanahalli, on Friday.Investigations by Byappanahalli police revealed that M Tangamani alias Tandu, a native of Tiruvannamalai in Tamil Nadu, was living with the victim, M Rani, and her son, Praveen Kumar. Rani deserted her husband Manjunath and was staying with Tangamani for seven years. But the live-in couple developed differences and began living separately a few months ago.Rani,meanwhile,was allegedly in a relationship with Karthik. \"Tangamani warned Rani,but she didn't pay attention. Upset with her,Tangamani returned to Tiruvannamalai,\" police said. Rani, who is also a native of Tiruvannamalai, visited the town with Karthik in April. \"Tangamani saw them and decided to kill Rani. He entered her house early on Friday and strangled her to death. Rani's son Praveen woke up and fearing that he will become a witness, Tangamani killed him too,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13045597", "title": "Cops citing blast probe to hound Muslims, alleges SDPI chief", "text": "MADURAI: Muslim outfits in Madurai are upset with the manner in which the police have gone about with the investigation into the cycle bomb blast in the city on May 1. Two political groups that represent sections of Muslims in the city have submitted a memorandum to South Zone IG Rajesh Das alleging that policemen in plain clothes were conducting random searches in Muslim residential areas and visiting mosques at odd hours to inquire about pilgrims.\"We are not against the culprits being brought to the book but we only plead with the police to investigate in a secular manner. In many bomb blast incidents across the country, investigations have proved that no Muslim outfit was involved. Despite that police swoop down on Muslim residential areas after every blast,'' Jaffer Sulthan, district president of Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI), told TOI. \"Police shall question suspects. But they tend to question almost everyone. It has become the practice of police personnel to land in Muslim areas after every blast and interrogate everyone here,'' said Syed Ibrahim, district president, Popular Front of India. They said police personnel were at mosques in the city outskirts in the wee hours of Monday asking about visitors. \"Police are pressurising priests not to entertain pilgrims till the BJP state meet gets over,\" Ibrahim charged.IG Rajesh Das said the police personnel were performing their duty in a professional manner and denied charges of them visiting mosques at night. \"It can be assured that the police personnel are carrying out their duty in a professional manner under the supervision of higher officials. All the personnel have been instructed to be polite with the common people. We strongly believe that our measures will be successful only with the support of the common man. If there are any grievances, the concerned people can always approach the higher officials,\" he said.A crude bomb hidden a cycle outside a temple in the city went off soon after the scheduled dates of the BJP state meet. The meet had unexpectedly got postponed after rain inundated the venue. Police are yet to crack the case and have not made any arrests. The cycle bomb was the fifth incident in the past two years in the city.Searches were conducted in Muslim-dominated residential areas and in one case, three persons were arrested. Police say that the prime-accused in these cases, 'Police' Fakrudeen, a resident of Nelpettai in the city, is on the run. Muslim outfits have also objected to the alleged branding of Nelpettai, which houses a memorial for Imam Ali, an extremist gunned down in a police shootout in 2002, as a den of extremists.With the BJP meet slated for May 10 and 11, police are on the toes and have launched a public campaign to report any unusual object or occurrence in the locality. With senior party leaders like L K Advani and Nitin Gadkari expected to attend the meeting, police intend to secure the city under a security blanket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042372", "title": "Divorce rate high in love marriages: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Divorces are very high in love marriages, the Bombay high court said on Monday while hearing the appeal of a man after a family court (FC) dismissed his divorce plea for wrongly alleging that his wife was HIV positive.A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Anoop Mohta was hearing a petition by Pune-based Pratap Bhosale (34 ) challenging the FC's April 6, 2011, directive to him to pay Rs3 lakh to his wife Neela (34) as damages and to provide her a 1 BHK flat in Hadapsar. Neela's maternal home is in Virar.The FC directed damages under the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act, saying he had made serious allegations and she had suffered a lot.His advocate said Neela is a lecturer in a fine arts college, drawing a Rs 40,000 salary and was living in her official quarters.He claimed that he was a freelance artist and had no source of income to comply with the FC's \"illegal and exorbitant\" order.Prakash's petition said they met while pursuing a fine arts course and married on March 16, 2003. After marriage, Neela suffered from tuberculosis. In December 2004, they went for dinner and the following day she developed rash on her body.The doctor said it was herpes and advised an HIV test, so she went to her parents in Mumbai. When she returned, his mother was mentally disturbed. Pratap told her to return to her parents in Mumbai. He said a relative, who is a doctor, said the test was positive and filed for divorce on grounds of cruelty and desertion.The FC examined a scientist of the National Aids Research Institute, who said the test reports showed she was not suffering from HIV.Pratap's advocate said he was ready to apologize and take her back. Her advocate countered that Neela did not want to cohabit with him and it was an afterthought by Pratap to avoid abiding by the FC's order. \"She is traumatized,'' he added. Neela told the judges that Pratap never tried to reconcile. She said, \"His feelings are not genuine. I have suffered enough. He will repeat his behaviour.''The judges noted that legally they were husband and wife and granted them time to take a final decision. \"We cannot compel her. Separation is the only solution,'' said Justice Majmudar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13041211", "title": "'Big bang theory not true for monsoons'", "text": "PANAJI: The advent of the southwest monsoon, as it sweeps through peninsular India from Kerala, may not be a stormy event every time, but may strike several times like a thief, a study by NIO scientists says.A belief of hoary antiquity among people in India is associated with a strident onset of the monsoon, accompanied by a convective system, such as a depression or deep depression. Often this is true as the first monsoon rains are swept in by gusty winds, uprooting trees, running ships aground and damage to property.But three National Institute of Oceanography (NIO) scientists, M R Ramesh Kumar, Syam Sankar and Chris Reason have concluded that this widely-prevalent belief may not hold good most of the time.\"We wanted to state that a monsoon onset vortex (MOV) is not important for the onset of monsoon over Kerala, though it is generally believed,\" Ramesh Kumar said. Their study titled \"Is an onset vortex important for monsoon onset over Kerala?\" has been published in theoretical and applied climatology (TAC), a German journal.It takes a week for the first seasonal downpour to commence in Goa after its outbreak in the southern state. The rise in sea surface temperature above 30 degrees celsius (SST), which scientists refer to as the mini warm pool (MWP) over the southeastern Arabian Sea (SEAS), is known to play an important role in the formation of the MOV.The MOV is associated with the convective system, such as deep depression or storm or cyclonic conditions.But after studying the MWP pattern of almost 20 years, the scientists found that monsoons arrived with a bang only five times in 1998, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2004, from 1987,\" Ramesh Kumar said. \"Of this, for three years, 1998, 1999, and 2001, the storm formation was very close to the date of monsoon onset in Kerala,\" Ramesh Kumar said.The scientists studied two sets of SST data independently from 1987 to 2005. Though it is believed that MOV is conducive for onset of monsoon over Kerala, it actually upsets the delicate balance between convection, build up of moisture and strengthening and deepening of the westerlies over the southeast Arabian sea.Adding another perspective to the issue, K V Singh director of meteorology department, Altinho said the outbreak of monsoon is often followed by a heavy rainfall. \"But last year, the wettest day was on June 17, 2011 instead of the onset date,\" he said.In 2009, the Met department recorded 20cm of rain when the monsoon advanced over the state. \"Often the advent of monsoon is accompanied by less rainfall if it sets in suddenly,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13042983", "title": "Unemployment dole eligibility age may be lowered", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to expand the base of beneficiaries, the state government is likely to reduce the minimum age for availing the unemployment allowance from 35 to 30 years. \"A final decision to this effect is expected anytime this week,\" labour minister Haji Vaqar Ahmed Shah told TOI on Monday.After the Samajwadi Party government implemented the promise it made in its poll manifesto to provide an unemployment dole of Rs 12,000 per annum, the employment exchanges across the state got flooded with claimants to get themselves registered. More than 25 lakh got themselves enrolled within a week.The overwhelming response forced the government to look for the ways to assist more and more youngsters, says an official source. \"The aim is to assist younger people in job search,\" Shah said. The lowering of minimum age would increase the number of eligible candidates by 12 lakh. This would escalate the project cost by 3,00 crore. Originally, the state government was to spend Rs 900 crore over a period of five years.While the government may lower the age of eligibility, there is still no decision on the upper age. Initially it was proposed that unemployed persons below 60 years of age would be eligible. Later, 45 years was fixed as the upper age. But neither of the two were finalized.An income criterion was also brought in to restrict the numbers. In the beginning, it was said that only those below poverty line group would be eligible. But, now it is said that the applicant's (if he is the head of the family) annual family income (family having at least five members) should not be more than Rs 36,000. It is also stated that if the applicant is not the head of his family his father's annual income should not exceed Rs 1.5 lakh. All these issues are being resolved to implement the scheme. Sources however said that only one person per family would get the allowance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13048213", "title": "Sony Xperia U launching in India", "text": "Sony Xperia U, the company's second Android smartphone after Xperia S, is all set to launch in the Indian market. The smartphone is available for pre-order on some online retail websites like Flipkart and Letsbuy.Sony Mobile India had announced the smartphone in the country along with Xperia S and Xperia P last month. It is powered by a 1GHz dual core processor, has a 3.5-inch display with 854x480p resolution and a 5MP camera.Sony Xperia comes with Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) onboard, however, the company has promised Android 4.0 update for the smartphone.The smartphone is expected to be priced around Rs 17,000. As per web reports, Xperia U is expected to ship sometime this week.Key specs:* 1GHz dualcore processor* 5MP rear camera, with auto focus, 16x digital zoom, LED flash* Weight: 110 gram* 8 GB internal storage* 512MB RAM* 1320 mAh battery* Available colours: White, black* Screen: 3.5 inch TFT touchscreen, 854 x 480 pixels", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13043322", "title": "Times civic audit: Best wards get more, worst get peanuts", "text": "All are equal, but some are more equal. The Orwellian quote rings true nowhere else more than the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) and its works. Budgets reflect the planning and priorities of municipal corporations.A study of BBMP budgets show that the extent of poor quality of services was a result of skewed allocations: wards that were well developed walked away with the lion's share in the allocations while those in the city's periphery that needed development got just a pittance. These new wards, added to BBMP in 2009, were till then part of 110 villages. They needed special attention to get out of the boondocks and be on par with the developed wards.However, an analysis of these wards by Janaagraha Centre for Citizenship and Democracy, both in terms of civic amenities and budgetary allocation, shows that the money does not reach the needy. Begur, the second worst ward, as per the Ward Infrastructure Survey Assesment (WISA) done by Janaagraha (Bangalore Patrol), scores pathetically in sanitation (194th rank) and in public amenities (193rd).But the BBMP budget of 2010-11 made no allocations for development works in this ward. As for Gottigere, every tourist who visits Bannerghatta National Park, passes through this ward, newly added like Begur. Gottigere too got no allocation in 2010-11 budget. However, wards that have an educated hub of residents and prominent citizens have been able to get amenities for their areas by influencing the 'powerful'. Sri Ram Mandir ward in Rajajinagar is one of the well-developed areas, which was ranked second in the WISA scores.The 2010 budget that made no allocations to worst wards like Begur and Gottigere, allotted Rs33.18 crore to the city's second best ward. In 2011-12, the same ward was once again the beneficiary of the BBMP munificence as it got a budgetary allocation of Rs11.45 crore. These statistics only reflect that budget makers hardly make an effort to identify the needs of each ward before making allocations, thus making the BBMP budget most unscientific.Doddabidarakallu is one of the worst wards scoring a mere 3.19 on a scale of 10 on the WISA score sheet. Ironically, the ward houses some of the posh gated communities having every facility within the four walls. This ward was allocated Rs9.76 crore in the 2010-11 budget and Rs19.62 crore in 2011-12. In contrast, Malleswaram ward, located in the heart of the city and one of the most sought after localities in Bangalore, received as much as Rs 40 crore in 2010-11 budget.Thanks to the respective political leaders. Ditto with the Yelahanka Satellite Town ward,which got Rs 65 crore. Vijaynagar corporator H Ravindra who headed the major works committee during 2010-11 was able to mop up Rs13.37 crore for his ward. But Rammurthynagar ward which lacks civic amenities got a measly Rs3 crore.Cottonpet area, one of the trade centres of the city, in the neighbourhood of Majestic, has narrow roads, unhygienic surroundings and missing footpaths.This ward received just Rs8 lakh in 2010-11 and nothing in 2011-12 budget.But the better off JC Nagar ward got Rs95 crore in the 2011-12 budget. Though the rulebook says that the elected representative has to hold 'Area Sabhas', Bangalore's 198 corporators have hardly held any public meetings to know what their people want. In 2011-12, the budget was presented by the then standing committee chairman G Manjunath Raju, who represented Kadu Malleswara ward in the core of the city. His ward received Rs29.36 crore, whereas Jagjeevanramnagar dotted with ghettos, got no funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13045251", "title": "Heatwave keeps denizens indoors in the noon hours", "text": "VARANASI: Hot winds swept across the region raising the mercury level to almost the 42 degrees Celsius mark, after a month, on Monday. The Met office recorded the maximum temperature at 41.9 degrees Celsius (the highest since April 4 this year, when it reached 42 degrees Celsius).The heatwave made commuting quite a difficult task and most of the residents preferred to stay indoors. As a result, the roads and markets wore a deserted look in the afternoon. The schoolchildren and students of Banaras Hindu University who took their examinations in the day had to bear the brunt of hot weather. According to S N Pandey, weather scientist, BHU, local heating has caused the mercury to soar in east UP region and there are no chances of any respite in the coming days. However, the pressure difference and western disturbances may change the conditions, allowing thunderstorms and showers, which may bring down the mercury, he added.The mercury has maintained a rising trend after recording 36.5 degrees Celsius on Friday (May 5) this year. It made a jump of nearly two degrees in the last 24 hours after recording 40 degrees on Sunday (May 6).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044383", "title": "Foreigner swimming in bikini sent to hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: The police have sent a foreign woman to the Government General Hospital for treatment after residents saw her swimming in a pond at an abandoned quarry in the suburbs in a bikini on Monday morning.Police said the residents called Shankar Nagar police who rushed there and, with the help of a few villagers, tried get her out of the water. Finally, after many attempts, villagers and police dragged her out of the water.A resident living nearby, made her wear a nightie. Police sent her to the hospital at Chromepet. After finding at Chrompet GH that the woman was mentally unstable, police sent her to the Government General Hospital for treatment.Police said they could not follow the language she spoke. \"Since she does not have any papers, we are yet to establish her identity,\" said a policeman.Last week a similar incident was reported in Besant Nagar when a foreign woman was seen swimming off Besant Nagar beach. Sources said Shankar Nagar police checked if the woman found in their area and the one in Besant Nagar were the same. \"We found that they were two different people. We are now preparing a requisition letter along with the woman's photo to send it to the foreigner regional registration office,\" police officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "13043802", "title": "Germans defy govt diktat on Red zone", "text": "BALANGIR: The five Germans again visited the Maoist-infested pockets in Balangir's Khaprakhol area in complete defiance of the adminiatration's warning. Locals spotted them at Turla village in Khaprakhol block on Sunday night and informed Patnagarh police.On Saturday, the five Germans had been produced before SP (Balangir) R Prakash, who had warned them to stay away from Maoist-hit areas. The SP also verified their visas and passport, which were found to be valid. But what baffled the police weres complaints that the foreigners again sneaked into the area. \"We received complaints that the foreigners had gone to Turla village again on Sunday night despite being warned. This amounts to gross defiance of the administration. We have informed our bosses and are waiting for their instructions for further action,\" Patnagarh SDPO L N Panda said.Ananta Putel, the host of the foreigners, runs a school in the village, where the five foreigners are reportedly teaching 12 poor students. The school has nursery, KG and Class I. Balangir collector Sailendra Narayan Dey said plainclothes policemen had been asked to keep watch on the foreigners' activities.He also said that it was vital to look into the relationship between the foreigners and Anant Putel. \"The Germans on the day they were traced by police and produced before the SP had been given four days time to vacate the area. We are examining the fresh complaints. If required, the administration will forcibly drive them out of the place,\" the collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13045097", "title": "Factory collapse: Police modify charges, Vij gets bail", "text": "JALANDHAR: Industrialist Shital Vij, owner of the factory where 23 workers were killed after it collapsed three weeks back, was granted bail by a local court after police changed Section 304 of IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) to 304 A (death caused due to negligence) and after provisions of Prevention of Corruption Act were also removed from his case.Police changed and withdrew these provisions on Sunday and these were approved by the commissioner of police Gaurav Yadav after which Vij's counsel moved an application for bail in the court of judicial magistrate first class (JMIC) Tript Jot Kaur on Monday, who granted him bail.Section 304 of IPC and Prevention of Corruption Act are non-bailable offences while Section 304 A is bailable. Before this, Vij had not moved any application for bail. These crucial changes were made by the police even as two high-level enquiries - one by divisional commissioner S R Ladhar and other by an expert committee headed by Lt Gen (Retd) B S Dhaliwal - are still on.Even as Vij was arrested on the evening of April 16 after his factory collapsed in the midnight of April 15, he remained in police custody for a week and then was admitted to the civil hospital in Jalandhar after moving applications about his ailments, both physical and mental, even as he was once discharged by a board of doctors advising to shift him to a medical college in Amritsar.ADCP (Hq) Navjot Singh Mahal said that Section 304 of IPC was not justifiable on the basis that available evidence which emerged during investigations did not support it. \"Investigations reflect that it is a case of negligence as intention of committing homicide had not been proved at all,\" he said.Asked further about approvals by senior police officials, he said that change in section of IPC and dropping of charge under Prevention of Corruption Act were approved by the commissioner of police. He said that Prevention of Corruption Act was removed from the case as investigations showed that he had not bribed any official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044466", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan meets Manmohan Singh to discuss Maharashtra drought, Rahul Gandhi joins in", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday to outline the state's drought mitigation needs with Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi joining the discussions.The talks came a day ahead of the CM's scheduled meeting with Singh along with a delegation. It comes in the wake of Rahul's recent visit to Satara in western Maharashtra where he came across considerable public discontent over drought conditions.The state government has already asked for a Rs 2,200 crore package from the Centre to combat a spreading drought situation in the state.Chavan may also meet Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday.Rahul's intervention is significant as he explained the need for medium and long term strategies to minimise the impact of droughts and improve irrigation. Subsidies to improve local water resources and store supplies and measures to increase use of drip irrigation were mentioned by the Congress leader.The Congress general secretary is also understood to have pointed to the need to examine the debate on large and medium dams to reach a conclusion on what would be viable means.Chavan has approached the environment ministry for clearance of pending projects that he feels are necessary for the state's development.The consultations come in the backdrop of murmurs within the Congress over a \"decision deficit\" in Maharashtra and some leaders arguing that a slowdown in India's commercial capital will affect the economy adversely at a time when it is already under stress.The CM has rejected the charge that decision-making has suffered, pointing out that he was only ensuring that procedures were not short-circuited in a manner that allowed irregularities, particularly in land allotments.Yet, with coalition partner National Congress Party improving its performance in local body elections, the chief minister is keen to show that he is not allowing the state's growth momentum to slack and is on top of the political situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13044187", "title": "PEC University of Technology director\u2019s letter irks all", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Trouble appears to be far from ending for the PEC University of Technology administration. Following widespread unrest on PEC campus leading to a protest by all teachers and other employees last week, over the issue of converting the provident fund scheme of employees, senior teachers have now alleged discontent over a letter addressed to all staff members by the director.Teachers alleged that their names were \"misused\" since the deans and heads of the department had expressed their individual opinions before the board of management (BoM) and not a general opinion of the entire staff.\"The new rules on pension and general provident fund mentioned in the circular issued to all employees of PEC consider the opinion only of the HOD's. However, these opinions were not of the entire staff and other department teachers,\" said a senior faculty member.A letter from the department of Aerospace engineering to the PEC director mentions that \"a model similar to other autonomous institutions in the country\" must be adopted and interest of the employees must be kept in mind. PEC faculty members said the decision of newly incepted BoM had evoked discontent.The recent controversy at PEC over provident fund, whether to adopt a general provident fund or an employees provident fund, took a different turn on Monday with teachers alleging that they were not taken into confidence before taking a crucial step concerning the employees.\"The clarification issued by the PEC director fails to explain several issues and the names of all HOD's and senior faculty members have been misused,\" says a PEC faculty member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "13041637", "title": "Pernem civic chief faces no-trust motion", "text": "MANDREM: Five of the 10 councillors of Pernem Muncipal Council (PMC) served a no-confidence motion against chairperson Vasudev Deshprabhu recently.Madhav Desai, Vishnu Salgaonkar, Upendra Deshprabhu, Nutan Aroskar and deputy chairperson Smita Kavthankar served the notice against the chairperson. During the last assembly polls, Deshprabhu had joined the BJP along with Deshprabhu, Desai and Aroskar, who are now among the five councillors to serve the notice against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13041070", "title": "Anaka wins Hassan Musa award", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rising Indian squash star Anaka Alankamony has been conferred the Hassan Musa Award for being the most outstanding Junior girl in 2011.The award was presented by the president of the Asian Squash Federation Dato A Sani Karim in Kuwait after the conclusion of the 16th Asian Squash Team Championship.The Indian women's team, comprising of Dipika Pallikal, Joshna Chinappa, Aparajitha Balamurukan and Anaka, created history by winning its maiden Asian title after defeating top seed Hong Kong 2-0 in the final in Kuwait on May 5.The 17-year-old Chennai girl was honoured for her outstanding performance at the international circuit during the year 2011. She won the Asian Junior Championship in Jordan, India Junior Open and was the quarterfinalist at the World Junior Championships.B Balamurugan, coach at the Indian Squash Academy, won the ASF Junior Coach of the Year for his contributions to the Indian team winning the Asian Junior Team Championships in Sri Lanka and Asian Junior Championships in Jordan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042370", "title": "GH Raisoni Vidyaniketan students get a taste of real journalism", "text": "NAGPUR: The student editors of School Buzz from GH Raisoni Vidyaniketan (CBSE) got a sneak peek into the world of journalism on visiting the TOI office for their felicitation ceremony on Monday.Certificates of appreciation were given to all the student editors who were invited along with their parents. These student editors were then given a special tour of TOI office, where they shared their own experience as part of editing the school news page.\"It was an overwhelming experience for all of us because we had never taken part in any such activity. Team work was crucial and it was a wonderful feeling to produce a quality newspage all on our own,\" said Sakshi Aggarwal.Another student Dhavla Kumar said she enjoyed her role as an editor because of the challenge. \"I interviewed local politician Vikas Thakre on our story about why no one wants to a make a career in politics. This was clearly the most exciting thing I have done and it has aroused my interest in journalism,\" she said. Dhavla is a budding writer who has started working on a horror novel which she hopes to complete soon.The school principal Jayshree Bhake was proud to see her students take initiative and work in a professional manner while editing School Buzz. \"My students learnt a lot from this experience. They normally don't get a chance to be part of such events. It is a wonderful step taken by TOI to involve students and I was pleased to see how hard working and decisive my students are,\" she said.Rishabh Bhute, who is also a die hard fan of TV show host Bear Grylls, was more inclined towards wildlife and nature also being a part of journalism. \"I had no idea what journalism was all about. After the tour I have come to know about the various branches of journalism. Also being an editor for School Buzz has helped me improve my creativity and literary skills. It was a really amazing experience which I will forever cherish,\" said Bhute.One of the objectives of School Buzz is to boost creativity and introduce the concept of coordination and teamwork among the students. Sohini Das, science teacher and facilitator on the school's behalf, said, \"What was really amazing is that students were very happy to take part in this event. They enjoyed every bit of it and now share a special connection with TOI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041228", "title": "Infighting in builders\u2019 body over post of president", "text": "MUMBAI: Problems have cropped up within the developer community for control of the coveted post of president of the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI), which provides access to decision-making bureaucrats and political bigwigs.In a slew of email and telephonic exchanges over the past week, two groups of developers are squabbling over a proposed plan to extend the tenure of Paras Gundecha, the incumbent president, for another year. While one group believes an extension should be granted in light of the ongoing negotiations on several development issues with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, another group comprising past presidents has slammed the plan as \"individual centric\" and \"not organization driven\". Making it clear that the competency of Gundecha or any of the members was not the reason for their objection, the group wondered if rules are bent as per the whims and fancies of members.MCHI members have called for a meeting on Tuesday to discuss the issue. Boman Irani, MCHI secretary, denied any differences.\"There have been senior developers like G L Raheja, Babubhai Majethia, who have enjoyed longer tenures. Considering the good work Gundecha and Irani have done, the managing committee wants to give them another tenure,\" said Dharmesh Jain, managing director of Nirmal Lifestyle and vice-president of MCHI.The differences would not have arisen if, as per the line of succession based on seniority, Vimal Shah, the managing director of Hubtown, had taken over as president from May. Shah, however, reportedly cited business pressures for delay in taking charge of MCHI. \"The committee's tenure, including that of president, is two years. Gundecha still has a year to go,\" said Shah, while denying any business pressures.Industry sources, however, say barring two instances in the past 15 years, the tenure of president is of one year. \"But as the industry grew, it was felt that opportunity should be given to younger generation of developers to serve in the committee. It was then decided to have one-year tenures,\" said a developer.While one group says an extension should be granted to the current president, another group has slammed the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "13028366", "title": "Bank error makes farmer a billionaire, but for 40 minutes", "text": "FATEHABAD: Imagine the state of mind of a person, who wakes up to find that he has become a multi-billionaire with an amount of Rs 964.64 crore credit in his savings bank account.This happened with Sushil Kumar, a marginal farmer of Nehla village of this district on Friday morning. Sushil got the shock of his life when he accessed his bank account to check the balance through e-banking in his account with Punjab National Bank branch of the village.Sushil's status as multibillionaire lasted 40 minutes as acting on the information, bank officials freezed his bank account for further transactions. Even on a Sunday morning, the bankers were struggling to track the error which resulted in the mix-up. But, poor Sushil has been rendered unable to withdraw money from the account.\"I had accessed my account to check the balance after my friend deposited an amount of Rs 40,000 in the account. After finding such a huge amount flashed on the computer screen, I rushed to the ATM to cross check. To my surprise, the slip showed the same amount of Rs 964.64 crore in my account. I informed the bank accordingly,'' said Sushil, a young farmer in his early 30s.Within 40 minutes, officials from the bank reached my home to obtain consent for account freeze, he added. Ramesh Kumar , manager of the bank where Sushil maintains the account, confirmed the development but expressed inability to share more information.BR Sharma, chief manager of PNB, Fatehabad confirmed freezing the account. \"Yes, we came to know about the fault. Once the bank authorities freeze an account, no one could access the account. The bank has taken back the sum from Sunil Kumar's account. We will check how this happened and who made the mistake,'' said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13042920", "title": "Naresh Kanodia gets award instituted by Phalke Academy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Naresh Kanodia, the veteran Gujarati film actor, received Dadasaheb Phalke Academy award constituted from this year in a star-studded ceremony held in Mumbai last week. Kanodia was the only representative from Gujarati film industry honoured for his contribution to the cinema. The thespian said that it was a dream come true to rub shoulders with the giants of Indian cinema on the same platform.The academy awards , formed to commemorate hundred years of Indian cinema, were also conferred to likes of Amitabh Bachchan , Dilip Kumar , Saira Bano, Tanuja and Vinod Khanna amongst others.Narrating his experience, Kanodia told TOI that he has received many awards in the past but this award is special as it put the Gujarati cinema on national map. \"I felt that all the efforts that we have made to make Gujarati cinema better have been rewarded. It was a great experience being awarded in such an event,\" he said. Kanodia was given the award for his contribution to cinema.However, the event had been bitter-sweet for Kanodia. \"It was decided earlier that the award will be handed over to me by none other than Amitabh Bachchan. It would have been a dream comes true for me. However, when he entered the arena with Dilip Kumar, the public went berserk and it became difficult for the actors to even stand on the stage. They were rushed backstage where they unveiled the wax statue of Dadasaheb Phalke. I got an award afterwards but a Bachchan touch would have made it a cherished moment for life,\" he said.Phalke's Raja Harischandra, India's first full-length feature film, got released in 1913. Thus, the Indian film industry is celebrating 100 years of the release starting April. The event was one of the many to commemorate the historic event.The award is different from the Dadasaheb Phalke award instituted by the Government of India, given to a film personality for his/her contribution to Indian cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13043048", "title": "CBI arrests PCS officer in foodgrain scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday arrested a PCS officer for his alleged involvement in the foodgrain scam. Though three other PCS officers have figured as accused in the scam, but the CBI was unable to initiate any action against them, as they had already secured a stay on their arrests from the court.The accused Pramod Kumar Shukla, presently posted as additional district magistrate (ADM) land reforms in Jaunpur, was posted as the sub-divisional magistrate in Lakhimpur during the period when the scam took place. Arrested from Lucknow, Shukla was produced before the special CBI judge Surendra Singh who remanded him to judicial custody till May 21.Shukla's arrest has been initiated on the basis of the evidence provided by the rice mill owner Gyan Swaroop Shukla and flour mill owner Satya Prakash Agrawal - both from Lakhimpur Kheri who are already in jail following their arrest last week. Pramod and his batch mate were posted as SDM Sadar and Gola tehsils of Lakhimpur Kheri district respectively, when the scam took place. Both Gyan Swaroop Shukla and Agarwal were arrested along with senior Congressman and transporter Daljeet Singh and six others on May 1, 2012 and were in CBI custody till Sunday. They have been sent to jail till May 19, 2012.The two mill owners had told the CBI that they had purchased wheat and rice in bulk from State Food Corporation godowns after paying hefty cuts to the two SDMs, apart from the supply inspectors and the godown in-charge. The two also confessed that they had deposited bank drafts for the food grain stocks picked up from the SFC godowns posing as fair price shop owners, who were allotted quotas for supply of subsidised food grains.The CBI already had recovered counter receipts of bank drafts and the details about diversion of food grain from the offices of the arrested mill owners. Investigators are in possession of records that establish that the food grain procured by the accused were diverted to Bangladesh and then sold in the wholesale markets of Lakhimpur Kheri and Pilibhit districts.The agency is probing the scam detected in 17 blocks of Lakhimpur Kheri district during 2004-05, which had caused a loss of over Rs 7 crore to the government. The agency had registered the case in the scam on November 1, 2008 against 10 SDMs and 90 others. Similar irregularities have been detected in almost every district of the state. Investigators believe that the scam may eventually turn out to be worth Rs 7 lakh crore as per rough estimates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042361", "title": "Cops clueless to deal with cyber crimes", "text": "JAIPUR: Nearly a year-and-a-half after the implementation of the Jaipur commissionerate system, the victims of cyber crimes are still to get any technical assistance at the various police stations in the city.The complaints have not been lodged. To make matters worse, police is telling victims that they don't know what to do with the complaints.\"It is a horrifying experience if you are a victim of cyber crime in Jaipur,\" said one Rajendra Kumar Mishra, who recently went through a harrowing experience at the Mansarovar police station.Rajendra was issued a credit card by a private bank but never used it. \"It was locked in an almirah in my house. Last week, someone from the bank came to my house and told me that I had made three payments to online companies for buying various equipment. The bank representative said the total purchase was worth nearly Rs 1.75 lakh,\" he said.\"I was shocked. When I told the bank representative that I had never made these purchases, he expressed ignorance and promised to come back to me with some solution, but never showed up again,\" said Rajendra.As per the credit card statement, three payments were made to a US-based body building website and two shopping portals over a period of two days.Rajendra was worried but hoped the police would help him trace the culprits. The reality struck him hard when he entered the Mansarovar police station.\"The sub-inspector whom I was told to approach at the reception did not even hear what I had to say. He said the entire police station can't do anything for me simply because no one knew what to do. When I asked him where I should go with my complaint, he said he did not know that either,\" he said.When Rajendra approached a cyber security expert, he told him that the server connected the IP address using which the purchases were made was in the USA.Mukesh Choudhary, a cyber security expert, said he encounters several cyber crime complaints every day. \"In most cases, police as well as the complainant are helpless. There seems to be no proper channel to address the problem. Usually, the police stations should write to the concerned authority in their department to forward these complaints to Interpol , apart from initiating investigation by experts,\" he said.Choudhary said, \"Cops at the police stations should have minimum basic training to deal with such cases. Locating an IP address is not a big deal. It is a basic skill which at least a couple of policemen at each police station should be equipped with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13043494", "title": "Rs 750 crore to meet city's drinking water needs", "text": "KOCHI: Promise of more funds and a fresh deadline for replacing rusty water pipes in Kochi. May be Kochi's drinking water woes would be soon resolved.On Monday minister for water resources P J Joseph said Kochi would get Rs750 crore to streamline various drinking water projects in the city.Joseph said a 190 mld drinking water project was in the pipeline to meet the growing needs of the city.'The minister said Kerala Water Authority (KWA), which has taken a loan from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) is in a position to save Rs 750 crore owing to the difference in the exchange rate. This amount could be used for the new drinking water project, the minister said.The 190 mld project will draw water from Periyar and a treatment plant will be constructed at Kalamassery. In a meeting attended by excise minister K Babu, food and civil supplies minister Anoop Jacob, minister for urban affairs Manjalamkuzhy Ali, Hibi Eden MLA, Dominic Presentation MLA, Anwar Sadath MLA and mayor Tony Chammany, the minister said the construction of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) project which is to provide 100 mld of water to the city will also be expedited. The government will allot Rs three crore within a couple of days to replace rusty KWA pipelines in West Kochi with new ones.The KWA officials said the project will be completed within four months. Joseph said the department would release Rs 10 lakh to meet the urgent drinking water needs of the city.Of the 1,088 samples of drinking water tested on random, the presence of coliform bacteria could be traced in 50 samples only. Of this, most cases were reported from West Kochi area, the officials informed.Speaking at the meeting, health minister V S Sivakumar said two medical squads would be constituted for checking the spread of diseases during monsoon. The National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) will give Rs 25000 each for each ward of local bodies for cleaning prior to monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "13045522", "title": "Lawyer arrested for 'rape' of newly wed", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Police on Monday arrested a lawyer on the charge of raping a 19-year-old newlywed after allegedly confining her husband in another room at his house at Professor Colony in Aghoriya Bazar on the night of Saturday and Sunday.Police said the couple, a native of Goraul in neighbouring Vaishali district, approached the woman's cousin in Muzaffarpur with a request to help them locate a house which they wanted to hire. The woman, a client of lawyer Nirbhaya Kumar, took them to his four-room house, where he lived alone as a widower, on Saturday noon.After the local woman left, police said, the lawyer allegedly made arrangements in a room for the husband to sleep and bolted the door from outside. His wife was allegedly raped in another room several times till the husband somehow managed to escape and reached the Kazimohammadpur police station nearby on Sunday evening.Town DSP Bachcha Singh said police rescued the woman the same evening and an FIR was lodged. After preliminary probe, the lawyer was arrested on Monday, he said and added the woman's medical examination report was awaited.Muzaffarpur SSP Rajesh Kumar said the role of the woman's cousin was also being probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13042057", "title": "Corporator from Airoli held for murder", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: An NCP corporator of the Airoli ward of Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation has been arrested for firing two rounds and killing a person in Dighe over a property dispute. Two others have also been held.According to Rabale police, the accused corporator, Bholanath Thakur and two of his aides were picked up for barging into the house of Sahdev Mukund Dandekar (35) at Ishwar Nagar in Dighe and firing two rounds at him on Sunday.Dandekar's wife Geeta, who is reportedly pregnant, had lodged the FIR against Thakur and others. In her complaint, she stated that Thakur and his men also beat her up before shooting her husband dead and then fled. ACP Mujeeb Shaikh confirmed the arrest of Thakur and his associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13045645", "title": "Encroachments razed in Varachha for overbridge", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) carried out demolition at Mafatnagar slums to free 25,000 sq metres of reserved plot of encroachment for building an approach road for a proposed overbridge.At least 1,800 huts were removed in three phases and more than 10,000 people rehabilitated at EWS quarters at Kosad. The demolition drive came soon after the dismissal of a contempt application against municipal commissioner by a court.\"Some anti-social elements threw stones at our teams when it went there. However, police and our SMC security staff ensured demolition was carried out,\" said Varacha zone chief Ketan Patel.The demolition started at 9 am and was completed at 4 pm on Monday.There were 150 personnel from Varacha zone, 20 police officers and 30 SMC security men.They made use of at least three JCB machines, one heavy machine and 20 trucks for the demolition drive.Mafatnagar is located near SMC-run SMIMER Hospital at Umarwada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042413", "title": "Dairy owner arrested for drugging cattle in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A dairy owner was arrested in a joint raid conducted by Lakadganj police and Food and Drugs Administration (FDA), for feeding drugs to cattle to get more milk production. The raid was conducted on Monday afternoon at the accused Pannalal Devangan's residence at Satranjipura.Cops have seized 70 boxes with 6,000 injections during the raid. According to the police, normally cattle can give around 2-3 litres of milk per day but after injecting the drugs, they would produce 8-10 litres per day.FDA officials claimed that such kind of injections are harmful for the animal's health and hence they are banned. These drug are used for ripening fruits and also given to women during labour pains.Police sources informed that Devangan owns many buffaloes. Since he was not happy with the turnover, he chose to inject drugs into the buffaloes to increase production of milk and get more money.On being alerted by FDA officials, Lakadganj police raided the dairy at Satranjipura. Cops and FDA officials are interrogating Devangan about the source of the drugs. Cops suspect more people are involved in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042301", "title": "Fleet cabs want minimum Rs 100/5km", "text": "MUMBAI: Fleet cab operators have demanded a minimum fare of Rs100.This is one of their demands made before the one-member Hakim committee, set up to devise a fare hike formula for autos, taxis, Cool Cabs and fleet taxis.Meru Cabs CEO Rajesh Puri said, \"We (fleet cab operators) want the minimum fare to be raised from Rs24 to Rs100. This is justified. If you check the ground reality, we ferry passengers not less than 5-10km, which is why we want the first 5 km fare to be fixed at Rs 100, and that should be the minimum a passenger should pay after booking a cab from the call centre.\"He said the operators were pressing for a 'fixed fare' only for cabs booked online or through the call centre. \"It is a service we are providing at your doorstep and drivers have to travel 2-3km to reach there.\"He said he was not against the cabs plying by the meter (first flag of Rs24) if booked from a particular point on the road. \"It is possible if the driver is not carrying a passenger and is willing to offer you a ride,\" he stated. A Meru union leader said drivers will refrain from picking passengers on the road as they depend on the call centre. \"If the minimum fare is Rs100, he will always log on to the call centre for a customer,\" the union activist stated.Another fleet cab operator said there was need for a fare hike for Merus, Easy Cabs and Tab Cabs. \"After the increase in CNG prices, autos and black-and-yellow taxis got a fare hike. We have submitted a proposal to the transport commissioner,\" he stated. TOI first wrote about fleet taxis demanding a fare revision after the CNG hike. They also demanded an increase in \"waiting time\" charges. \"We earn very little for waiting, compared to black-and-yellow taxis. It should be around Rs120 for an hour,\" said Puri.He said, \"We have told former Union secretary P M A Hakim to consider all factors, such as capital costs, cost of living index, fuel price hike and maintenance of CNG engines before giving us a hike.\"He stated that the operators have not specified any hike amount, apart from the fixed fare for 5km. \"We will accept whatever the Hakim committee decides. We usually don't believe in protesting or going on strike. We want fare hikes to be implemented periodically,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044424", "title": "Government red-faced as Trinamool MPs vote against bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA ally Trinamool Congress on Monday voted against a key bill in Lok Sabha that prompted an embarrassed government to immediately take it up with party chief and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee . Banerjee, however, had warned during her visit to Delhi that her party was not in favour of the MCI amendment bill that the government was bringing.The move is being seen as one of those pinpricks by TMC that should be expected till the time the Centre decides to give in to Banerjee's demand to bail out West Bengal from its debt burden.While the bill was passed in Lok Sabha on Monday, parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal said, \"I have talked to Mamata Banerjee. She said she has not asked them to vote against the bill. She was not told that they were voting against the bill. She has said she will look into the matter.\"Bansal tried to cover up the government's embarrassment by saying TMC members actually did not intend to vote against the bill but \"under some mistake it has been done by them. It was not the intention of any one of them\".However, while speaking to the media outside the prime minister's residence last week, Banerjee had said that she did not agree with the government's amendment bill.Bansal had a chat with Banerjee on the phone after it was clear that TMC members, between four to six in the House at that point, voted against the Indian Medical Council (Amendment) Bill, 2012 that sought to extend the tenure of the MCI board of governors till May 2013 as its tenure was coming to end on May 14.The bill was later passed with 100 votes in favour and 57 against after BJD member Tathagata Satpathy sought a division. The Left and BJD MPs had staged a walkout.It is learnt that Trinamool members were not in favour of the bill and some of them had even been telling the media on condition of anonymity that they will be opposing it.Minister of state for health and Trinamool leader Sudip Bandopadhyay was not present in the House when the government bill was being discussed.A minister, speaking on condition of anonymity, however, said that though TMC members had opposed a number of measures in the past also, there was a general acceptance that they would not vote against a bill.Since the bill has to come to Rajya Sabha in the same session, where UPA does not have a majority, a repeat of Monday's action by the ally could be a major embarrassment for the government.Sources said the government has told Banerjee about its concern. The Trinamool chief is learnt to have assured the government that she will look into it.Though her party is unlikely to vote in favour of the bill even in Rajya Sabha, the government is of the view that the party can either abstain from voting or stage a walkout when the bill comes in the Upper House, which will not be as embarrassing as voting against a government bill.Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari later tried to play down the issue saying, \"What a particular party has responded to in a particular bill can be answered by that party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043179", "title": "Bhusawal power station loses Rs 3L bank guarantee", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has forfeited the Rs 3-lakh bank guarantee of the Bhusawal thermal power station, Jalgaon, as the level of respirable suspended particulate matter from the power plant was found to be exceeding the consented limit.The board has directed the power station to control pollution levels, under the Water Pollution Control Act and Air Pollution Control Act.The MPCB had received complaints from local leaders about water, air and soil pollution caused by the plant and its impact on agricultural yield. \"A spot visit to the plant revealed that in case of a leakage or breakdown in the ash storage bund pipeline, the ash would get mixed with the adjoining nullahs. The report submitted by the block agricultural officer, however, could not find the impact on agriculture,\" said A S Fulse, regional officer of MPCB, Nashik.\"We have forfeited the power plant's bank gurantee of Rs 3 lakh. After receiving complaints from the local leaders.We checked the pollution level using our monthly ambient air monitoring system. The power station will be given a deadline to curb pollution levels and there will be a court hearing soon. If they fail to comply, the MPCB will issue a closure notice,\" he said.Minister of environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan told the Lok Sabha on Monday that the MPCB had received complaints from nearby grampanchayats, the opposition leader in the Maharashtra assembly and other NGOs about the water, air and soil pollution caused by the Bhusawal station, due to which the agricultural production had allegedly been damaged.Gufran Beig, programme director at the Indian Institute of Tropical Meterology, said respirable suspended particulate matter refers to fine particles of pollutants harmful to human health. Thermal power plants are a major source of emission of pollutants as they burn coal at high temperatures. Burning of coal also generates ash, which contaminates water if mixed with it.\"It has been reported that emission of this pollutant from the thermal power plants can affect agricultural crop production,\" he added.Siddharth Waghmare, chief engineer of the Bhusawal thermal power station, said, \"Following directions from the MPCB, the power station has taken steps to contain the level of respirable suspended particulate matter to a great extent. The process will take some more time.\" The percentage of ash content in the coal we were using was high. The plant's unit was commissioned in 1968, and so the pipelines are more than 30 years old. We are replacing the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041752", "title": "Spice Jet flight runway incursion to be probed", "text": "MUMBAI: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) on Monday ordered a probe into the runway incursion by a Spice Jet flight. An Air India (AI) flight was preparing for take-off on Sunday evening when the incident occurred.Though there was no near-miss situation, DGCA will probe the cause of confusion and why the Spice Jet flight entered the runway before its due time.At around 5.30pm, an AI flight to Delhi was waiting for take-off at taxiway N3. On the next taxiway, a Spice Jet flight to Bangalore was waiting for departure too. Airport officials said the AI flight was supposed to line up on the runway and take off before the Spice Jet flight. But the Spice Jet pilot moved ahead and lined up the aircraft on the runway. When the AI pilot saw this, he informed air traffic control (ATC) officials. At the same time, a Jet Airways flight was vacating the runway on the other end.\"The ATC official read the take-off command for the AI flight. The AI pilot read the command back. But the Spice Jet flight proceeded to the runway. Since the AI pilot and the ATC both saw the flight, there was no further confusion. The Spice Jet flight was given take-off before the AI flight. Another aircraft approaching to land was cleared as soon as the two flights took off,\" an airport official said. No go-around of arriving flights was reported.Airport officials ruled out the possibility of a near-miss situation as the AI aircraft was still on the taxiway. \"Even if the AI flight lined up behind the Spice Jet aircraft, the gap would have been at least eight miles or three minutes of time,\" an airport official said. \"But it has to be investigated why the Spice Jet flight entered the runway,\" he added.Sources said that while the ATC official said that the Spice Jet pilot did not read back the take-off command, the pilot insisted he did. Spice Jet said they would comment after the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13042959", "title": "Court orders doctor to pay Rs 5.8L for medical negligence", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has ordered a doctor to pay to Rs 5,80,000 to the husband of his patient for medical negligence. The patient died during an abortion. What helped the husband win the case was his promptness in taking wise decisions.Instead of sitting and lamenting in vain, Arbind Patel took his wife's body for a post mortem when his 24-year-old wife Bindu died in a hospital in 2001. Later, when Patel approached the consumer court with compensation plea, his claim was supported by the autopsy report.When Bindu, who was a primary school teacher in Sabarkantha, found out that she is pregnant, the mother of two decided to undergo abortion. The couple went to Yashdeep Hospital at Himatnagar, where the duo met Dr Mahedra Soni.In his plea, Patel said that they requested for a specialist to carry out abortion safely. But the doctor told them not to worry as it was a simple process which required an injection and some medicines after which the embryo would be eliminated.\"They brought her out from the operation after a long wait. The doctor told us that she is unconscious while, she was in fact dead,\" said Patel. He took her to B J Medical Hospital for post mortem. The autopsy report stated that the victim's uterus was ruptured with a sharp tool creating a 1.2 centimeters deep wound. The report also mentioned that blood was found in the victim's pelvic cavity and other areas.Patel's attorney S J Mehta, argued in the court that since the victim was a teacher and her income would have created a surplus of over Rs 16 lakh by her retirement and that this loss to the family should be compensated by the doctor.The court has ordered the doctor to pay Rs 3.5 lakh with 6% interest from the date of the victim's death and another Rs 3,000 against litigation expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13041364", "title": "Constable suspended in MMS case", "text": "PANAJI: An Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB) constable, who was booked by the Colva police for circulating an MMS clip which showed him in a compromising position with a lady constable in a room, has been suspended.Acting on a complaint filed by the lady constable, who is the victim in the MMS clipping that has been circulating among the police for some time now, the Panaji police had registered cases under various sections of the Information Technology Act, as well as Section 292 of the IPC against constable Abdul Chandsaab.Later, the case was transferred to Colva police as the incident had taken place in Colva police jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13043784", "title": "Sr forest official to probe elephant deaths", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Monday rushed a senior forest department officer to the Similipal National Park to probe into the alleged death of four elephants there.Forest minister Debi Prasad Mishra said the principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) J D Sharma would inquire into the alleged mass killings and submit a report to the government.Official sources said death of a calf recently had been confirmed but they were uncertain about the death of three other elephants as alleged by some wildlife activists.The latest case of mass killing of pachyderms was reported on Sunday when a team of wildlife activists said they had found bones and remains of four elephants inside Similipal, which is also a tiger reserve, in Mayurbhanj district. Bhanumitra Acharya, an activist, said they had found carcasses of four elephants within one km radius in Ballykhal area of Nawana South range inside Similipal. Acharya and some other activists went inside the park on May 3 and dug up certain areas to recover the remains of elephants, which they suspect were poisoned to death by poachers. \"We doubt field level forest staff were involved in disposing of the carcasses to suppress the mass killings,\" Acharya alleged.Sharma said the allegations were \"perplexing\" as surveillance had been strengthened inside Similipal from January 13 (Makar Sankranti) to April 14 (Mahabisuba Sankranti) to prevent Akhand Sikhar (a mass hunting ritual of tribals) in the national park. \"We had made some arrests and it is perplexing to receive such allegations,\" he told TOI. He expressed doubts over involvement of field level staff in burying the elephants and said, \"Why should government staff attempt to suppress it? We have reported 85 and 62 elephant deaths due to various reasons in Odisha in 2010-11 and 2011-12 respectively.\"The latest deaths have brought back memories of 10 elephant deaths reported by Acharya and other activists in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13045306", "title": "Snags cut power supply", "text": "VARANASI: Local faults and technical snags led to prolonged power cuts on Monday also. With this, there seems to be no end to power crisis in the region.A snag at 33 kV Daulatpur substation - bursting of incoming cable - disrupted the power supply in trans-Varuna areas, including Shivpur, Bhojubir and Orderly Bazar.One of the incoming cables of 220 kV Sahupuri station also developed a problem during the day time. This led to power cuts in south city areas, including Kabir Nagar feeder , Naria, Samneghat and Daphi from Sunday midnight itself.M L Sharma, chief engineer (distribution), PVVNL, said though the technical faults, along with the overloaded feeders, caused power cuts in the day, but efforts were on to restore normalcy in the southern parts of the city. He also maintained that rise in mercury has led to increase in power demand in the region.Meanwhile, additional rostering in various feeders attached to 33 kV Chawkaghat, Shankuldhara, Sigra, Kashi Vidyapith and Maidagin was witnessed during the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13041799", "title": "BJP unleashes money power in Maharashtra legislative council polls", "text": "NAGPUR: Money makes the mare go. More so if it comes to elections these days. The Bharatiya Janata Party made this blatantly obvious by choice of its candidates for the two seats from Vidarbha for Maharashtra legislative council. The two BJP nominees are known more as moneybags than politicians.Nominations opened on Monday for the six MLC seats from the local-self-government bodies for which polling is scheduled for May 30. Members of the municipal corporations, municipal councils and chairpersons of panchayat samitis comprise the electoral college for these seats. In Vidarbha, while one MLC is to be elected to represent local bodies of Chandrapur-Gadchiroli-Wardha districts, the second one is for Amravati.The BJP created a political storm by nominating Nitesh Bangadiya, a big-ticket irrigation contractor associated with yet-to-be-completed but work-in-progress for quarter century Gosikhurd project. Bangadiya has been nominated for the Chandrapur-Gadchiroli-Wardha seat. He will be contesting against Congress' Rahul Puglia. The Congress candidate is also Youth Congress vice-president. Seen as political heir of former MP and party strongman Naresh Puglia, the youth leader recently made his mark by steering the Congress to win in Chandrapur's maiden municipal corporation elections last month.Bangadiya has of late made political foray by floating an outfit called Yuva Shakti that contested Gadchiroli zilla parishad and municipal council elections and defeated Congress candidates. He is also known to be close to NCP stalwart and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. There was even speculation that he would join the NCP but he staged a coup bagging the BJP ticket. A BJP leader tried to defend Bangadiya's choice saying he has a presence in Gadchiroli and Chandrapur and has 'good number' of votes among elected members of local bodies in the two districts.Even more thinly veiled is the BJP choice from Amravati. The nominee, Pravin Pote, is totally non political. He is a builder and also runs an education empire of private engineering and business management colleges. Pote will be pitted against Congress' official nominee Aniruddha Deshmukh, former ZP president from Achalpur and currently district party president. However, Deshmukh is not from the camp led by Raosaheb Shekhawat, President Pratibha Patil's son and MLA, who is trying to dominate the district's politics.In such a situation, money power would come in handy for the BJP to win the two seats. Only that aspect could have driven the party to nominate Bangadiya and Pote. Coming close on the heels of city businessman Ajay Sancheti's nomination to the Rajya Sabha recently, it is seen as a move to garner financial clout in party president Nitin Gadkari's home turf of Vidarbha for the general and state elections in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044203", "title": "Plastic bag threat more serious than atom bomb: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Excessive use of plastic bags and their unregulated disposal has been choking lakes, ponds and urban sewerage systems, the Supreme Court said on Monday while warning that it posed a threat more serious than the atom bomb for the next generation.This observation from a bench of Justices GS Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya came on a PIL filed by two Andhra Pradesh-based NGOs drawing the court's attention to 30-60 kg of plastic bags recovered from the stomachs of cows because of irresponsible disposal of plastic bags and defunct municipal waste collection system.The court issued notice to the Centre and state governments on the PIL seeking ban on use of plastic bags in municipal areas which did not have a prompt garbage collection, segregation and disposal system. The NGOs said absence of prompt garbage collection, segregation and disposal system allowed cows to rummage through garbage bins and eat foodstuff disposed of in plastic bags, which get stuck in their stomach.But the bench wanted to address the larger questions arising from indiscriminate use of plastic bags, which not only posed a grave threat to nature and environment but also to the human race itself. It suggested that the petitioner make the manufacturers and a television channel, which has been running a campaign against use of plastic, parties to the PIL for a wider scrutiny of the important issue.\"All of us are watching how our lakes, ponds and urban sewerage systems are getting choked by plastic bags. We want to expand the scope of this petition. Unless we examine a total ban on plastic bags or put in place a system for manufacturers mandating them to collect back all plastic bags, the next generation will be threatened with something more serious than the atom bomb,\" Justices Singhvi and Mukhopadhaya said.The court drew the petitioner's attention to large quantities of water packed in plastic pouches, which were thrown around in undisciplined and uncivil manner across the country every day. \"A rough estimate shows more than 100 million water pouches are thrown all over the cities and towns,\" the bench said.Appearing for NGOs Karuna Society for Animal and Nature and Visakha Society for Protection and Care of Animals, senior advocate Shyam Divan said the problem was more acute in urban areas where people had a habit of disposing leftover food in plastic bags in municipal bins.\"Due to government neglect across the country, animals particularly cows and bulls are ingesting plastic from garbage dumps and plastic bags are littered across the landscape and oceans. The ingestion of plastic bags chokes the stomach of cows and up to 60 kg of plastic bags were found in the stomachs of cows. What appears to be a healthy cow is in fact a plastic-choked cow or a cow full of plastic,\" Divan said.\"Apart from the plastic completely choking the digestive system of the cow and causing excruciating pain to the animal, plastic residues enter the human food chain through dairy and animal products,\" he added.Divan said plastic bags were increasingly posing a grave threat to wildlife too. \"Along India's rivers and coastline, plastic waste and garbage is dumped from thousands of villages and towns into the water along with untreated sewage. The garbage including plastic waste is found by wild animals and is ingested by them,\" he said.\"Turtles are highly susceptible to swallowing plastic bags as they strongly resemble their target prey - jellyfish and squid. In the course of sea turtle protection work, Pradeep Nath, one of the petitioners along with the NGOs, found that post-mortem conducted on dead turtles showed plastic waste in their stomachs,\" Divan added.The petitioners sought following the directions from the court:* Prohibit or phase out in a time-bound manner open garbage disposal system and remove open garbage receptacles* Implement door-to-door garbage collection and prevent animals from moving around garbage storage facilities* Municipalities must segregate all plastic waste from other waste* States must issue directions prohibiting use, sale and disposal of plastic bags in all municipal areas* Provide animal shelters and treat cows and other animals suffering from stomach ache due to ingestion of plastic", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/surat", "code": "13042849", "title": "Jewellers smile as FM fulfils rollback promise", "text": "AHMEDABAD/SURAT: Jewellers in the city and various other parts of the state breathed a sigh of relief as finance minister Pranab Mukherjee withdrew the levy on branded and un-branded jewelry. The announcement is made by Mukherjee in Parliament is likely to bring down gold prices marginally.\"It is a big relief for the jewellery retailers, wholesalers and goldsmiths in Gujarat and across the country. However, traders are upset with no relaxation on import duty,\" said Harshad Choksi, president, Manek Chowk Choksi Mahajan Association.The finance minister had levied excise duty of one per cent on branded precious metal jewellery last year and included unbranded jewellery under the duty structure in the Union Budget 2012-13. The minister also increased the transaction limit in tax collection at source (TCS) of one percent on all cash transaction for jewellery purchase exceeding Rs 2 lakh to Rs 5 lakh.Jewellers in the state were on a 21-day strike from March, 17 demanding roll back of the excise duty in question. The jewelers resumed operations only after meeting finance minister who gave them assurances for roll back.\"It is a welcome step and the roll back will once again help the industry to flourish and increase its share in the global market,\" said Rajiv Jain, chairman, Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council .However, Mukherjee retained the one percent TCS on cash transaction for bullion at one percent.In another major relief, Mukherjee also deferred the implementation of General Anti Avoidance Rules (GAAR) till 2014. The one per cent tax on property sale has also been withdrawn. He said that the government will also remove the provision where the onus imposed on the tax payer to prove that there was no tax avoidance. The onus is on tax officials.The finance minister has also taken a decision to withdraw 1 per cent tax on property sale.\"Several provisions of GAAR are dreadful not just for tax payers but the economy at large. GAAR began with an assumption that tax payer is guilty and has to be penalized unless he proves innocence. However, it's a welcome move that the FM realized it soon,\" said tax consultant Mukesh Patel. He added that the provision of GAAR had scared away several foreign investors who find their confidence back the in Indian growth story after these announcements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043986", "title": "Dewalkar, Sanyal fetch top price", "text": "PUNE: Thane shuttlers Akshay Dewalkar and Jishnu Sanyal turned out to be the highest-paid names, during the second auction of the Maharashtra Badminton league (MBL), held at the PYC Hindu Gymkhana on Sunday. While Gorgeous Gannets bought Dewalkar, Sanyal was snapped up by Inspiring Eagles - both costing the franchises Rs 90,000 each in Category A. In Category B, Sagar Chopda of Mumbai went to Lifetime Linnets franchise for a top price of Rs 85,000.The franchises had a purse of Rs 3 lakh each for the auction, and had to include at least five boys and two girls. The total fund of the event is Rs 6.44 lakh, with the winners taking home Rs 2.25 lakh and the runners-up getting Rs 1.75 lakh. The third and fourth finishers get Rs 50,000 each. Cello is the title sponsor of the MBL, which is also supported by Yonex.Teams (all figures in Rs thousands)Daring Doves (Owners - Pratham Motors, Pune): Saili Rane 47; Sanyogita Ghorpade 37; Eshan Naqvi 79.2; Shubhankar Dey 52.8; Varun Khanwalkar 45.6; Jayendra Dhole 21; Prashant Bahatre 16Inspiring Eagles (RBS Sportsethix, Pune): Jishnu Sanyal 90; Mudra Dhainje 31; Trupti Murgunde 67; Abhishek Kulkarni 32; Aditya Pandya 17; Rohit More 23; Siddhath Thakur 16; Vighnesh Devalekar 18Fiery Falcons (6th Corner, Pune): Sayali Gokhale 77; Abhidnya Sawant 51; Gauri Ghate 56; Ameya Joshi 43; Ninad Kamat 15; Sudhanshu Medshikar 22; Tom Thomas 20; Yashodhan Marathe 16)Lifetime Linnets (Lifetime Realty Pvt Ltd, Mumbai): Neha Pandit 66; Harshad Bhagwat 29; Sagar Chopda 85; Sampada Sahastrabuddhe 26; Gandhar Marathe 23; Ishan Talwalkar 31; Nikhil Kolhatkar 23; Saee Purandare 15Sensation Skylarks (Dajikaka Gadgil Developers Pvt Ltd, Pune): Tanvi Lad 82; Mayank Gole 36; Sameer Bhagwat 61.2; Noopur Shastrabuddhe 40; Dheeraj Kumar 15; Kaushal Dhamamer 45; Sanket Shirbhate 16Gorgeous Gannets (Pinnacle Group, Pune): Akshay Dewalkar 90; Dhanya Nair 42; Akshay Raut 20; Ankush Jadhav 30; Bisal Das 32; Nihar Tilekar 15; Samruddha Rathod 15; Varun Sarode 32; Karishma Wadkar 16Graceful Gulls (Gracelands, Nagpur): Arundhati Pantawane 78; Nishad Dravid 59; Riya Pillai 26; Harshil Dani 70; Manan Goenka 16; Nachiket Dhayagude 15; Shlok Ramchandran 36", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13045193", "title": "Power staff stages 'satyagrah' to oppose privatisation bid", "text": "KANPUR: The Vidyut Karamchari Sanyukt Sangharsh Samiti of Kesco held a day-long 'satyagraha' at Kesco office situated in Civil Lines area on Monday. The employees were protesting against the poor power scenario, privatisation of the electricity boards/electricity distribution units in seven different cities of the state and the prevailing corruption in the power department.On a call given by the Sangharsh Samiti, hundreds of Kesco staff personnel reached the Kesco office and staged a dharna. The Sangharsh Samiti also demanded scrapping off the franchisee of Kesco and Agra. A similar 'Satyagraha' would be staged outside Vidhan Sabha in Lucknow on May 24. The staff of Kesco is opposing the privatisation of Kesco. The state government has been planning to hand over Kesco to Torrent Power Limited, a move which is being opposed by the power staff.Even senior dignitaries of Sangharsh Samiti reached Kesco from Lucknow to participate in the protest. They said that the Kesco has been doing well for past sometime and the revenue collections have gone up tremendously. Shailendra Dubey, convener of Sangharsh Samiti, who had come to Kesco from Lucknow, said that the Samiti has demanded chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to cancel the franchisee of Torrent Power Limited in Agra and also that the privatisation of electricity boards of seven different companies should be cancelled including that of Kanpur (Kesco).To note, the Kesco earned a revenue to the tune of Rs 970 crore in the financial year 2011-12. The agitating staff said that the power corporation wants to hand over Kesco to Torrent Power Limited which would be a wrong decision.Also, the power corporation would be distributing power to Torrent at Rs 2 per unit whereas the present rate of power supply is Rs 3.19 per unit. This would simply cause a loss to the state exchequer, said Vijay Tripathi, the spokesperson of Sangharsh Samiti.Even senior dignitaries of Sangharsh Samiti reached Kesco from Lucknow to participate in the protest. They said that the Kesco has been doing well for past sometime and the revenue collections have gone up tremendously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13045020", "title": "Post violence, Congress calls off 3 workshops", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) on Monday suspended its remaining three divisional-level workshops scheduled this month at Jaipur, Kota and Udaipur without citing any reasons.Party sources said that the decision was taken to press for strict and prompt action against PCC member and former parliamentarian from Bharatpur, Vishvendra Singh, who is accused of leading a youngsters' gang that bashed up senior party leaders at a similar workshop held at Bharatpur on May 5.Earlier in the day, Pradesh Congress Committee president Chandrabhan told reporters that indiscipline in the party had 'increased' and it was getting difficult for the state unit to function under these circumstances.\"Indiscipline in the party is increasing. I have brought this to the party high command's notice and asked that such people be summoned and spoken to,\" Chandrabhan said.Last week also the PCC chief told media that the central leadership ought to make its stand \"clear\" on leaders damaging the party through acts of indiscipline.Except for the Bharatpur one, the workshops for local parliamentarians, legislators and party workers at Bikaner (March 28), Jodhpur (March 29) and Ajmer (March 30) had gone off peacefully. Considering the Bharatpur incident as grave, since the violence was committed in the presence of the PCC chief and a couple of ministers, the state unit swiftly sent a 'factual report' about it to the Union minister and party affairs' in-charge for Rajasthan MukulWasnik with a demand for action against the guilty.The PCC chief reiterated on Monday that the violence at the party function in Bharatpur was like a \"terror attack\" and illustrated the \"height of indiscipline\" . On being asked if the party state president lacked powers to act against undisciplined leaders, Chandrabhan replied , \"I have to follow the party's set procedure. Any action has to follow the high command's directions.\"The PCC headquarter, on the other hand, was abuzz with reports that the former Bharatpur MP, Singh, could not have acted unilaterally and a senior Congress leader from the state was behind the 'preplanned' attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041246", "title": "Suspended rape accused still in office", "text": "MUMBAI: ACP Anil Mahabole, charged with rape, has not received any suspension order despite the home minister's announcement that he stood suspended.\"I have not received any such order,\" said Mahabole, sitting in his chamber at the local arms unit's Naigaon office. The victim, a 38-year-old woman residing in Kurla, has alleged that Mahabole raped her after offering her sweets laced with sedatives. She further alleged that Mahabole shot a video of her and used it to blackmail her.\"I have submitted my mobile to the crime branch and given my statement,\" said Mahabole. Home minister R R Patil had announced that the ACP was suspended.Mahabole said, \"In July 2010, I was posted as ACP in the control room at police headquarters when the woman came to meet the then police commissioner and the joint commissioner of police (law and order). On their instructions, she met me and alleged that a senior inspector of a police station was sexually harassing her. The officer was subjected to an inquiry. Later, she came to thank me several times,\" said Mahabole.\"Later, she began sending me text messages. I spoke to her husband and she started sending more messages,\" said Mahabole. He said she was being instigated by a senior inspector and a retired ACP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "13043637", "title": "Braveheart mom foils kidnap bid in Faridabad", "text": "FARIDABAD: Only two days after snatchers on a bike attacked a school teacher here, some men reportedly tried to abduct a schoolgirl from a bus stop on Monday but were chased away by the child's mother.Police said an attempt was made to kidnap the Class 4 student of Delhi Public School, Faridabad, Ritvika Tomar, after school hours when she was alighting from the school bus near the sectors 9-10 crossing. However, the girl's mother, Shalini Tomar, who was waiting nearby to pick up her children on a scooter, charged upon the men. Even after being injured in the scuffle, she didn't give up till the men left the girl and fled in their vehicle.The woman, who received many injuries, was rushed to a private nursing home. Her husband, who works with a private firm, also reached the spot after being informed. The woman later reported that the waiting Toyota Innova had a taxi registration plate and more than two occupants.A case has been registered, but no breakthrough could be made till late on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13043446", "title": "Handbooks to streamline functioning of local bodies", "text": "THRISSUR: To streamline the functioning of civic bodies in the state, Kerala Institute of Local Administration (Kila) is preparing manuals and handbooks with financial assistance of World Bank .The handbooks, which will function as a guideline, are prepared based on the Kerala local government service delivery project, which has already launched in the state with the objective of strengthening service delivery system of local self-governments in Kerala.\"A manual will be prepared with the help of national and international consultants. Handbooks will also be made based on the contents in the manual and it will be distributed among elected members from local bodies, at a training programme imparted by Kila,\" said P P Balan, Kila director.The handbooks will encapsulate plan formation, implementation, budget preparation, financial management, auditing, accounting, women empowerment, grievance management, transparency accountability and procurement management in local bodies.We will give training to elected members in 60 municipalities and 978 grama panchayats in the state based on the guidelines in the handbooks. The handbooks are prepared at a cost of Rs 2crores from World Bank. The aim of preparing handbooks and give training to elected members is to make the centralized service delivery system to reach at the grass root level in the society, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13043837", "title": "Scholarship carrot to attempt civil services exam in Odia", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odia Viswavidyalaya Trust, that has been spearheading the movement to set up an Odia university in the state, has decided to encourage students to take the civil services examination in Odia medium. The trust announced a scholarship for 100 students on Monday to provide free coaching for the aspirants who would write the exam in Odia.\"It is noticed that the success rate of students who are appearing the civil services examination in their mother tongue is more than those who are writing the exam in the foreign language of English. Of the total successful students, about 33% are writing the exam in their mother tongue,\" said Natabara Satpathy, vice-president of the trust.The coaching for IAS examination will be provided by the Institute of Odia Study and Research, a wing of the Odia Viswabidyalaya Trust. Many noted professors and educationists of the state, who are members of the trust, would take classes while the trust will provide study material to students. Aspirants have to clear an entrance test. Those securing over 80% will be considered for the scholarship.\"It is always easy to write a paper in your mother tongue. Besides, by appearing the examination in Odia the competition at the national level will be minimized as a large number of students appear the exam in English,\" said Satpathy.Trustees and members also discussed developments for the establishment of the university. \"We have got an offer of 12 acre land for the university in Kendrapada district. A number of Odias have also come forward with monetary support. I am quite hopeful that the university will take shape soon,\" said noted linguist D P Pattanayak.The movement to set up Odia university was started a few years ago with an aim to develop Odia language and to promote the literature, traditions, culture and folklore of Odisha along the lines of Tamil university Tanjavur in Tamil Nadu, Telugu University, Hyderabad, in Andhra Pradesh and Kannad Universty, Hampi, in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043888", "title": "Serving, retired intelligent officials against placing NCTC outside Intelligence Bureau", "text": "NEW DELHI: The proposal to place the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) outside the Intelligence Bureau (IB) elicited strong reactions from the intelligence community.Both serving and retired IPS officers, especially those who have worked in IB, strongly felt that NCTC outside IB would hurt quality of intelligence, lead to duplication of work and trigger turf war.IB, the designated nodal agency of counter-terrorism in the country, has the intelligence architecture and a pool of sources, contacts and targets. It collects, collates and communicates intelligence inputs, most often to the state police, which then act on it. Intelligence work involves imagination, creativity, innovation, specialization and experience. \"These can't be developed overnight. It's a long and painstaking process,\" said a former IB officer.IB personnel have the orientation for counterterrorism initiatives. \"It would be difficult to set up NCTC from scratch, while ignoring IB's vast resources assiduously built over decades,\" said a former IB chief.SD Pradhan, former chairman of India's joint intelligence committee and ex-deputy national security advisor, though, felt it's a good idea to place NCTC outside IB. It should be an autonomous body reporting to the Union home ministry. \"The multi-agency centre was supposed to be upgraded to NCTC. It should be out of IB and placed under a national intelligence advisor like the US model,\" he said.Subsidiary multi-agency centres must be placed under state police chiefs for better collation and coordination of intelligence. A network of fusion centres should be set up at district level for this.Former R&AW; chief Hormis Tharakan disagreed. \"NCTC should be located within IB with DIB (IB chief) the overall charge. The daily functioning can be supervised by an officer drawn from one of the agencies represented in NCTC on an annual rotation basis,\" he said. That's the British model on which Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre (JTAC), created after London terror attacks, functions. Its overall direction is with the MI5.\"NCTC must be an adjunct of IB with functional autonomy for best results,\" said former IB chief D C Pathak.The other bone of contention is the search and arrest powers invested in the proposed NCTC.\"In no democratic country, powers of police to search and arrest are given to an intelligence agency. It only happens in totalitarian states,\" said former R&AW; official B Raman.Intelligence officers believed giving NCTC powers to arrest will unnecessarily overburden it and hamper its primary job of assessment and coordination of information. Most importantly, it will rob investigators of anonymity, a professional requirement to function effectively against \"covert adversaries\".\"IB is insulated from judicial intervention and Parliament oversight as it does not have power to arrest,\" said Tharakan.The power to search and arrest must rest with state police, the officials said. \"In my three decades in IB, I did not come across any instance where we worked out an intelligence input and the state police concerned didn't act,\" said a retired IB officer.Even in cases there are coordination problems, it can be worked out. \"And, since we (IB) never take credit for our inputs, states are happy to act,\" said a former IB official.Most officers believe NCTC should not erode the intelligence mechanism of the state police. \"Rather, the focus should be on police reforms and modernization of state police to strengthen them,\" said a retired R&AW; officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "sivganga", "code": "13045568", "title": "Fifty year old man beaten to death", "text": "SIVGANGA: A 40-year-old man was beaten to death for asking two persons to return Rs 50 borrowed from him at a village in Sivaganga district on Sunday night.Police said the victim Subramanian suffered a fatal fall when kicked by a duo who had borrowed the money from him. \"We have arrested the two and they have been remanded in custody,\" said a police officer. The accused also happed to be the relatives of the victim and hail from the same village.Police said the deceased Subramanian was running a hotel at his native Alagamaneri in Madhagupati police station limits. Subramanian had lent Rs 50 each to A Sivakumar (37) and M Pandiaraj (43) a few days back. On Sunday night, Subramanian who spotted Sivakumar and Pandiaraj in the village intercepted them and demanded the money back. The two were allegedly in an inebriated state and refused to return the money. When Subramanian insisted that the two part with the cash immediately, they picked up a quarrel. Moments later, the quarrel snowballed into a fisticuff and the duo started beating Subramanian.\"One of the two kicked Subramanian in the chest and he collapsed on the ground. The two immediately fled the spot. Villagers then rushed Subramanian to a nearby hospital but he was declared brought dead,\" said the police officer. Police immediately launched a hunt for Sivakumar and Pandiraj and arrested them hours after the incident.Police said there was no prior enmity between Subramanian and the two accused. \"In fact the three were very close and were even found consuming liquor together several times. The Rs 50 was lent by Subramanian to Sivakumar and Pandiaraj only during one such occasion when the two ran out of money to buy liquor,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13045555", "title": "Widow awaits justice as Tamil Nadu Electricity Board defaults on rent", "text": "TRICHY: The Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) that often shows no mercy to disconnect an electricity connection in case of non-payment of bill, has been failing to pay the rent since 2010, to the private building in which they have been functioning in the Thiruverumbur EB office in Trichy district.The issue came to light when 65-year old widow K Gandhimathi of Thiruverumbur, who claimed to be the owner of the building, submitted a petition to the district collector Jayashree Muralidharan at the grievance redressal meeting in the Trichy collectorate.According to the petition, she had rented out the building on Balaji street to the office of the junior engineer of TNEB, Thiruverumbur, in 2007 and an agreement had also been signed between them. They had been paying a rent of Rs 4,000 till March 2010. However, the situation changed from April 2010 as they failed to pay the rent or renew the agreement further. When she asked the concerned officials in the Thiruverumbur office about the non-payment, she did not get a favourable reply. Further, the officials directed her to take up the issue with the higher officials of TNEB in Thennur, Trichy. Despite repeated attempts, the matter had not been resolved.Frustrated by the response from TNEB, Gandhimathi demanded the EB officials in the Thiruverumbur office to vacate the office. She also mentioned that the building was deteriorating and that she had to take up repair works. But the TNEB officials turned a deaf ear to her demands.Gandhimathi said she and her handicapped son had been reeling under an acute financial crisis for the past two years as they relied on the income from the rent of the building. Her son, K Saravanakumar, said that the TNEB had to pay Rs 93,000 as rent so far. But his statement about the income source of his family contradicted to that of his mother as he said that he had been looking after a family-run lorry transport business with 20 lorries.Gandhimathi demanded the district collector to intervene to get the balance amount of rent and TNEB to vacate the building immediately.When contacted, N Balakrishnan, chief engineer of Trichy region TNEB, said he was unaware about the issue. He said that the rent agreement should be renewed with the consent letter from the owner of the building. Either they should have given the letter or the officials should have obtained it from them, he said. He said he would look into the issue and solve it as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13047037", "title": "Delhi is missing KP, somebody should step into his shoes: Irfan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Daredevils all-rounder Irfan Pathan has called on the middle-order batsmen of his side to fill in the gap, left by Kevin Pietersen, and also hoped that struggling Kiwi batsman Ross Taylor would soon find his touch.Pietersen has gone back to England as they prepare for a home series against the West Indies. He had scored 305 runs from eight innings at an average of 61 with a strike rate of 147.34.\"When Kevin was there, he was performing really well for the Daredevils in the middle-order but now some other batsman needs to put his hand up and perform at his best,\" Pathan said at the post match press conference after Delhi lost by six wickets to Kolkata.\"We have some wonderful players in the middle order like Ross Taylor. Once he starts firing, you know he is a player to watch out for. He can hit the ball long way. We have no doubt with every match he plays, he is getting better.\"Kevin has done a good job for us but at the same time, it's an opportunity for others to take his place,\" he added.Pathan said the loss of both the openers in quick succession and failure of the bowling unit led to team's defeat at the hands of KKR.\"We did not put enough runs on the board. We could have scored 160-plus but that wasn't the case today. We lost Virender Sehwag and David Warner around the same time and that put us on backfoot.\"As a bowling unit, we always try to get better with each passing game. We did not perform well and need to bowl better in matches ahead,\" he said.Pathan refused to blame the long break between Daredevils' two matches for defeat at the home turf.\"I don't think so, we have prepared really well. Last couple of days, our preparation has been wonderful. The guys have been working hard. No matter if we win or loss, we will be consistent with our intensity. There was nothing because of the break because sometimes breaks are a good thing. We can't blame the break, it's very simple we just didn't play well.\"We had some good days in this IPL and we will make sure that from next game we keep that momentum going,\" said Irfan, whose 22-ball 36 helped Kolkata to cross the 150-mark.The Baroda player admitted that the team wanted to win against KKR more than anything else.\"We wanted to win this game the most because we might play KKR again in the tournament. So, we had the chance and we wanted to win it particularly more than any other game. Two quick wickets and no one actually was able to get to a big score,\" he added.Talking about team's fielding, he said, \"We keep a check on it. We know it's a long tournament and once we are into the qualifying round it will all depend on one match.\"\"So we want to make sure we keep ourselves under pressure to maintain the same intensity. When you don't win, lot of things come out of it. Losing is never a positive thing. There is no issue of complacency as we want to make sure we win all our matches.\"On dropping a simple catch of his brother Yusuf at mid-off, he said, \"God it has happened the second or third time now. Just before that, I got a Karbonn Kamal catch and the next catch I dropped was really the easiest of the lot.\"\"I have already had a chat about the catch with David Warner but I am sure some more players are going to tease me about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13043521", "title": "Kerala State Electricity Board scheme flops as calling is cheaper than texting", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Lack of awareness among public and poor ideation in preparing the scheme have turned the much-hyped short messaging service (SMS) facility introduced by Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) into a major flop. The initiative, part of the 100-day programme of the UDF government, was started in August 2010 to enable its consumers across the state to register complaints on power failure through text messages.Under the system, consumers could register a complaint by sending text messages with their consumer number and section office code to 537252. KSEB officials said the server at the state capital will immediately send an SMS as acknowledgement to the complainant's number. The complaint is also sent to the mobile number of the person who is in-charge of redressing consumer complaints in KSEB section offices.But the system seems to have failed because a call to KSEB's local office costs less than the SMS charge customers had to pay while texting their complaint to the board's unique number. Customers still prefer to lodge their complaint by calling to the office as they can speak to officials in detail about the issues. A KSEB official said the SMS charge for the BSNL subscribers is Rs 2, and Rs 3 for all others.\"Response to the facility is very poor. We receive just 20-30 text messages daily from across the state,\" said a senior official on the condition of anonymity. He said that the facility failed to click as majority of the people in the state are not aware of it.Though more than 700 KSEB sections across the state are connected to the central server, a senior official said shortage of computers in the KSEB affecting the proper implementation of the scheme. The existing number is just enough for billing and other purposes, said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13043522", "title": "Man sent back from Muscat goes missing", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 45-year-old man who was repatriated to India from Muscat in February has gone \"missing.\" A few days ago the family received news that the Indian embassy had confirmed that he was repatriated on February 28, but they have not seen him or heard from him yet.The man, Mallesh Sagar, had gone to Muscat around 16 years ago in search of employment and had not returned even once during this time. The last time Mallesh contacted his family was more than five years ago, after which his phone calls and letters stopped abruptly. The troubled family members then contacted the Migrant Rights Council (MRC), Andhra Pradesh, for help following which MRC officials sent an email to the ministry of overseas Indian affairs on February 5 this year requesting them to look into the matter and locate Mallesh in Muscat.The ministry sent a letter to the Indian embassy there on February 16 directing them to undertake necessary action to trace him. On April 23, the embassy replied to the letter confirming that Mallesh was repatriated to India on February 28. But, neither the MRC officials nor his family have heard from him yet.Sinda Anitha, Mallesh's wife is a resident of Banjawadi, Karwan in Old City. She said, \"It has been 16 years since we saw him and more than five years since we heard from him. We had given up hope of ever seeing him again as we thought he was no more. But a few days ago, a social worker, who works with the MRC told us about a letter which said he had returned to the country in February itself. The news has brought only more sadness to us as it seems like he does not want to come home even though he is back in India.\"A mother of two, Anitha has been struggling hard to make ends meet for her family. She added, \"My elder daughter got married a month ago. The younger daughter is in Intermediate first year. Mallesh left home when she was barely a month old; she doesn't even remember him. Things would be much easier if he comes back. I request the authorities to block his passport or not allow him to board an international flight without our signature so that he doesn't flee the country again. I hope they find him soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13041822", "title": "4 killed, 7 injured as jeep collides with truck", "text": "NAGPUR: Four members from 11, who were returning from a marriage party, were killed when their Tata Sumo had a head-on-collision with a granite loaded truck near Marodi village under the jurisdiction of Mouda police station, around 30 kilometres from Nagpur, on Monday morning.Mouda police said that the mishap took place around 5.45am. While the Sumo was returning from Balaghat, the truck was coming from Pachgaon village and going to Tumsar.Senior police inspector Rajendra Nagre said, \"After being hit by the truck, the Sumo overturned three times killing three people sitting on the front seat,\" said Nagre. He added that neither was the Sumo over crowded nor were both the drivers drunk.Police claimed that since the accident took place early in the morning, the vehicles might have been moving at high speed. So far, the cops have booked truck driver Jaikumar Sahoo for rash and negligent driving, causing death and other relevant sections. Sahoo had fled from the spot but surrendered after an hour.Police removed three bodies, that of Komal Sahoo (40), Roshan Khare (45) and Ghanshyam Rahure (40), from the mangled Sumo. Govardhan Chadravanshi (22), who was seriously injured, died while being taken to hospital.Ashish Wadaskar, the driver of the Sumo, and the other passengers - Shankar Meshram (27, Ajabrao Thakre (35), Nilkant Netam (20), Mannu Pache (25), Suresh Pilladubey (22) and Mahesh Choudhary (25) sustained major injuries and are undergoing treatment at the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH).Wadaskar told the cops that all the passengers, including the deceased, are from Chhattisgarh and work as labourers at a cold storage in Kalamna where they reside too. On Sunday morning, the labourers had hired the Sumo to attend a friend's marriage.On April 18 this year, 11 people were killed and eight injured in a jeep-truck collision on the Nagpur-Jabalpur national highway no.7. Considering the rise in the number of accidents, Rural SP Manoj Sharma had issued strict orders on checking the documents and speed of overcrowded vehicles. As per the police records, 137 people have been killed and 356 injured in the last three months in the rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13042872", "title": "Man kills lover's husband, held", "text": "NASHIK: The Ambad police have arrested an engineering student in connection with the murder of Sadashiv Toradmal, a resident of Indira Gandhi Vasaahat no. 1, Lekhanagar, Cidco. Toradmal was killed early on Monday.A complaint was lodged by Vandana Toradmal (30), that her husband was killed with a sharp weapon by an by some unidentified thief with a some sharp weapon at around 12.30 am on Monday. However, during investigations the police found that Toradmal had been murdered by Vandana's lover, Anil Pawar. Vandana Toradmal was reportedly in an illicit relationship with Anil Pawar, an engineering diploma holder.Vandana had planned the murder to keep her relationship with Pawar under wraps. In a bid to ensure that her husband does not comes to know about the relationship she had planned Sadashiv's murder which was executed in the wee hours of Monday.The police have arrested Pawar. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047209", "title": "Lootera misses its date with Cupid", "text": "February 14 is the day to celebrate romance. And that's when Vikramaditya Motwane had decided to release his period love saga Lootera starring Ranveer Singh and Sonakshi Sinha. But the lead actor had a choc-a-bloc calendar.Also, he wanted to be a part of the film promotions. So, the production house had to give up on their date with cupid. The film that was earlier slotted for a October 26, 2012 release and then later slated for February 14, 2013, will now hit the theatres on March 29.A source close to the project informed Mirror, \"The producers, Balaji Motion Pictures and Phantom Films, wanted to release Lootera on February 14 and start the promotions a month earlier. However, Ranveer had given his dates in January and February to Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Ram Leela. He also wanted to be a part of the promotions of Lootera. And thus his dates became a problem.\"Confirming the news, one of the producers Vikas Bahl told Mirror, \"Ranveer's dates were with Sanjay and as he is important for the promotion of the film, it makes sense for us to release Lootera in March.\"We learnt Vikramaditya, who had earlier been an assistant director on Sanjay Bhansali's films Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam and Devdas, chose to let his mentor have his dates and delay Lootera instead. \"Vikram spoke to Sanjay and as a goodwill gesture towards his mentor, he agreed to push back the release of Lootera by six weeks. Now, the next schedule of the film will begin next month. Ranveer has almost recovered from his back injury now,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13044246", "title": "Punjab, Haryana spar over name of international airport", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The proposed international airport has got mired in another controversy, well before its take off. On Monday, the Punjab government claimed that the Centre has agreed in principle to name it \"Shaheed Bhagat Singh International Airport at Mohali\". Soon after, Haryana retorted strongly, saying it should be identified solely with Chandigarh.Rechristening of Chandigarh airport after its upgradation as international airport has been a contentious issue between its two main stakeholders - Punjab and Haryana. A release issued by the Punjab chief minister's office on Monday said: \"The government of India gave in principle approval to name the upcoming international airport at Mohali as 'Shaheed Bhagat Singh International Airport'\".It said the decision was taken by Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh in a meeting with Punjab chief minister in New Delhi on Monday. This elicited an immediate reaction from Haryana, asserting that the airport should be identified by \"name of Chandigarh alone\".Haryana principal secretary said they have informed PMO that Haryana government had decided to participate in this project only after a \"categoric commitment\" by the then civil aviation minister Praful Patel \"that the airport would be known as international airport, Chandigarh\".\"It was Haryana CM who had proposed the name Shaheed Bhagat Singh International Airport. They now want the credit for it,\" said Krishan Kumar Khandelwal, principal secretary, Haryana.The tussle between the two governments had escalated last year as well.The letter by Hooda, a copy of which is with TOI, said that \"all the JVC documents, including the MoU, clearly define the project as International Airport, Chandigarh and not Mohali\" as a commitment written on January 4, 2008 \"in the presence of all concerned including the chief minister of Punjab\".At present, the airport is being set up as a joint-venture company called CAIL (Chandigarh Airport India Limited), which has 24.5% stake each by Haryana and Punjab governments. The rest 51% stake is held by AAI.\"The name has to be decided by the company, AAI and government of India. Not by either of the state whether Punjab or Haryana. Let them propose the name, only cabinet will decide,\" said Rajat Gupta, civil aviation secretary, Haryana. Inquiries by TOI revealed that a final decision on the naming of the airport will be taken by the Union cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13043040", "title": "'Need CBI investigation into transit of animals'", "text": "NASHIK: In an unusual move, the local vigilance officer of the forest department has sought a probe into the trapping of animals and their movement by the department. In a letter written to the chief conservator of forests (territorial), Nashik, G Sai Prakash, vigilance officer (forests) Hemant Chhajed has demanded a CBI inquiry into the transit of animals, particularly scheduled animals. Chhajed also asked for more powers for himself.Chhajed said that there was no record with the forest department about the number of wild animals found by the department and said permission was not sought from the principal chief conservator of forests, Nagpur, regarding the transit of animals.Chhajed said that leopards are found in large numbers in Nashik but there is no record of the number of animals caught since no permission is sought from the principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF), Nagpur, for their transit. \"Records should be maintained for animals under scheduled I and scheduled II categories. According to the wildlife protection Act, 1972, it is necessary to acquire permission for transporting wild animals, particularly scheduled I and II. This is neglected by the deputy forest conservator, forest guards and other officials,\" said Chhajed.In his letter, he asked the CCF to take punitive action against the concerned officials because earlier such actions have not been initiated in the Nashik range.He added that many leopards and other wild animals were caught and transported without permission all these years and that is why a CBI inquiry of the officials was necessary.A copy of the letter has been marked to the chief secretary (forest) revenue and forest department, Maharashtra state, principal chief conservator of forests, Nagpur, and chief wildlife warden, Nagpur. He also said that as vigilance officer, he has not been given any powers.CCF G Saiprakash said that the complaint was very vague. \"Whenever we have to trap an animal, we have to seek permission from the PCCF for doing so. In the permission letter itself, the PCCF mentions that the animal is to be released in the same habitat from where it was caught. This is as good as an order for us,\" he said. \"However, I agree on one point that as a vigilance officer some powers should be delegated to him,\" Saiprakash added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042097", "title": "Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority upset with Metro delay", "text": "MUMBAI: Upset with the tardy progress of work on the first line of Metro, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) held a review meeting with officials of Mumbai Metro 1, which is constructing the Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar line to identify the \"problem\" areas.After the meeting, the state agency has reportedly found ways to overcome the hurdles that are slowing down work. The construction of the Metro depot at D N Nagar is progressing well and it should be ready in five months, said MMRDA additional commissioner S Srinivas, who called the meeting. According to him, in pockets along the route, encroachments and residents' refusal to move out were not allowing the authorities to have a \"clear right of way\". But, Srinivas said, with most of the residents and those having commercial establishments along the route being rehabilitated, the way has been cleared and so, the work would now progress fast.The project, which is nearing completion, is scheduled to be opened to the public early next year. Initially, the work was slowed down after shopkeepers near the Andheri station refused to vacate the place unless being offered a \"proper\" rehabilitation scheme. Even the railways refused to give permission to the authorities build a bridge over the tracks in Andheri West unless the bridge design was altered. Only after over a year of negotiations, the MMOPL got the sanction to build the bridge. Srinivas added, \"The work on the bridge is in the second stage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042201", "title": "Kadam likely to return to Anti-Naxal Operation cell", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch ACP Ravindra Kadam is slated to return to a job that he handled for a few months. Sources said Kadam is set to replace Sunil Ramanand as the chief of the Naxal Range with Gadchiroli and Gondia districts under him. The Naxal Range in its current avatar is also set to be merged with the Anti-Naxal Operation (ANO) cell.TOI learns that Kadam's chances will be moved as DIG Naxal Range during the statewide reshuffle of senior officers later this month. While the dynamic Kadam's return to the post may augur well for the ANO, the decision shows that the state government has not stopped dilly-dallying with the cell's chiefs and its officials.The ANO, under additional director general of police VD Mishra, is now set for degradation. The government had upgraded the post a number of times only to revert at a later stage. It had also contemplated shifting the office from Nagpur to Gadchiroli. Before Mishra, there had been a series of officers who were at the helm of the cell only with an additional charge. Mishra's posting as the chief of the cell, which was upgraded with his posting, did not help as the senior official could not motivate the force.Deputy inspector general of police Ramanand too came with much expectation to hold the first charge of the Range that was curved out from Nagpur to form a special division of Naxal-affected Gadchiroli and Gondia. Ramanand too could not make much difference as the Naxal violence scaled up many times more. It's also learnt that government later shifted much of the DIG's power to the SP Gadchiroli.Earlier, Naxals targeted security forces but soon they started eliminating civilians. Rebels' fear had been so overwhelming in the district after they gunned down some of the local politicians that the elected representatives of the local bodies have started resigning from the post. The Naxals, with the help of the villagers, had earlier forced to defer the civic body election in Korchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044404", "title": "Dejected over failed affair, girl attempts suicide, rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: An employee of a software firm who attempted to end her life in the sea off Elliot's Beach in Besant Nagar on Sunday was rescued.A youth who saw the girl crying on the beach sands approached her. Initially, she refused to talk to him and was walking into the sea in an attempt to drown but he managed to convince her and handed her over to the Shastri Nagar police.Police said the girl, a resident of Saidapet, was allegedly dejected over a failed love affair and tried to commit suicide on Sunday evening.She told police that her parents were opposed to her love affair and she was not ready to elope with her boyfriend and bring disgrace on her family.The girl's parents and her boyfriend were called to the police station. After a round of counseling, the girl was sent along with her parents as per her wish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044967", "title": "NSG to set up base in Gujarat", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal's loss could well be Gujarat's gain. The country's elite counter-terror force NSG has decided to have a large commando base in Gujarat after it failed to set up such a centre in West Bengal. The central government has accorded an 'in principle' approval to a request made by the Gujarat government to set up a regional centre of the National Security Guard (NSG) in the state which will cover the entire western and northern flank of the country.Sources said the force is now scouting for almost 600 acres of land in Gujarat and a final decision will be taken once the NSG headquarters in Delhi finds a suitable base in the state. \"Meetings between NSG and Gujarat government authorities are on,\" the sources said.The 'black cat' commando force, in the aftermath of the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks, had planned to get two large regional centres in Hyderabad and Kolkata for stationing more than 5,000 personnel each for operational and logistical purposes during terrorattack like emergencies.While the NSG got a 600-acre plot in Hyderabad for the purpose, it had to contend with only 34.31 acres of land at Badu, near Kolkata, for the same centre . \"Since the Bengal regional centre did not turn out as large as it was expected , the centre is now planned in Gujarat. If all goes well, NSG will station 5,150 personnel there,\" an official privy to the development said. An NSG regional centre will have all the training and combat exercise facilities for the counter-terror and counter-hijack crack commandos of the force, which are at present only available at its centre in Manesar in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044696", "title": "In a first, Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha face power cuts", "text": "NEW DELHI: An unprecedented power cut gripped Parliament campus on Monday with even the two Houses facing the heat of the outage, affecting the proceedings.In an unheard of incident, the Houses faced semi-darkness when power supply went off around the evening. At that time, Rajya Sabha was debating the defence issues, while the Finance bill was in progress in Lok Sabha . The power supply was restored after five to 10 minutes.A senior official in-charge of electricity in Parliament said the Houses have generator on standby, but the power back-up had also developed a technical snag. It was set right later after the officials went to the sub-station.When lights fell dim in Rajya Sabha, Balbir Punj of BJP remarked, \"The government is so powerless.\" Senior ministers expressed disappointment at the power cut.The situation was worse in other conference halls and the Central Hall where press conferences were disrupted. The Congress press conference had to be repeated because the new channels' microphones could not capture what spokesperson Manish Tewari said.Interestingly, MPs were seen rushing out of the Houses when electricity went off. It was later learnt that the members exited because their phones had begun to ring.Parliament has jammers installed for security reasons which also affect telephone connectivity. But once the power supply snapped, the jammers stopped functioning and telephone signals resumed, sending the cellphones ringing, a minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13044201", "title": "Scientists meet for a cultural liaison over project", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a collaborative cross-country project slated to have wide spread implications in the cosmetic and drug industry, two Panjab University scientists with their Japanese counterparts are finding out interesting surface properties of molecules. What makes this project stand out is not just its path-breaking objectives, but its uniqueness in terms of a cultural liaison between the Indian and Japanese chemists.Along with scientists from Kyushu University in Japan, S K Mehta and G R Chaudhary, both hailing from PU's department of Chemistry and advanced studies in Chemistry, are working on a project titled \"Total reflection X-Ray absorption fine structure\" facilitated by department of Science and Technology (DST), government of India.\"Just like certain substances in the day-to-day cosmetics we use that act as an interface between our skin and the air, which could harm or benefit the skin according to their properties, finding out properties of molecules on surface is a crucial dimension in sciences. We have been finding out how different interfaces behave on the surface level,\" says Chaudhary.The benefit of these findings from the Indo-Japanese project, he says, will also be wide spread in the medicine industry, adds Mehta, who is also the chairperson of Chemistry department, PU. Not restricted to science only, the cultural ripple effect can be seen in the chemistry department at PU.\"Our few PhD students are already in Japan working in sophisticated laboratories and we are eagerly waiting for the arrival of Japanese team this year in PU. It's not just a scientific phenomena but a cultural exchange of ideas and knowledge. The masters' degree students and research scholars in PU will get to know how the Japanese scientists perceive latest development in chemistry across the world,\" says Chaudhary.The major project under the India-Japan cooperative science programme that is expected to run up till 2013 is titled \"Structure studies of electric double layer of organized amphiphile films using total reflection XAFS\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13042993", "title": "Ex-min's lawyer storms into Lokayukta's office", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Lokayukta office has raised demand for more effective security after supporters of former energy minister Ramveer Upadhyay created unruly scenes and threatened the staff with dire consequences on Monday.Four days ago, UP Lokayukta Justice NK Mehrotra had pronounced Upadhyay and his close family members including his wife, brother and father guilty of possessing disproportionate assets, misuse of power and land grabbing. In his report, forwarded to the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on last Friday, Justice Mehrotra had also recommended a CBI or ED probe against Upadhyay.Talking to TOI under secretary and PRO UP Lokayukta Arvind Kumar Singhal said that Upadhyay's lawyer Manoj Kumar Dwivedi came to the office and demanded a photocopy of the order, which Singhal declined, as \"it was legally the property of the chief minister's secretariat and it must be obtained from there.\" Dwivedi and his companion began to argue, and the arguments turned abusive and they finally threatened to gherao the office and lay a siege, if his demands were not met, Singhal claimed. An alarmed Singhal then called up the SSP and SP (security) who rushed to the spot. And even though an ugly situation was averted, the staff is apprehending more trouble as Lokayukta has indicted more than six former ministers of Mayawati's cabinet, while inquiry against more is still going on. \"The situation calls for an urgent beefing up of security network,\" Singhal said. Later, security of the office was enhanced by the police.However, Monday's incident, sources claim is the culmination of the animosity which the minister harbours against the Lokayukta. Things had hit a new low in last December when the minister had lashed out at Justice Mehrotra at a public meting in Hathras and had boasted that he could have him removed from the office. Earlier the Lokayukta had initiated inquiry against the minister following complaints of corruption and criminal conduct, but the investigation were closed after one of the complainants moved the high court and the matter became sub-judice.Reacting to the minister's remark made before the public that had it not been for the old association with the Lokayukta, he would have ensured that he was stripped of his charge. The ex-minister had also raised doubts over Lokayukta's jurisdiction and claimed that the UP Lokayukta Act does not empower Justice Mehrotra to probe the use of MLA funds.The Lokayukta had threatened to bring up contempt charges against Upadhyay and had even reported the incident to the election commission. The issue was diffused after Upadhyay tendered an unconditional apology for his conduct. Recommendations for a CBI inquiry against him have apparently infuriated the former minister. And, according to reports, Upadhyay had demanded an inquiry against the Lokayukta also along with a probe against himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13045005", "title": "Curfew in Bareilly after farmer dies in police firing", "text": "BHOPAL: Curfew was clamped in Bareilly town after a farmer was shot dead and 50 others were injured in police action on Monday during a protest organized by the Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS), the agrarian wing affiliated to the BJP.Thousands of farmers clashed with the police on NH12 while demonstrating against alleged malpractices and corruption at wheat procurement centres.The BKS was protesting the death of a 55-year-old farmer, Bhagwan Singh Rajput, who committed suicide on Sunday after the 300-quintals of wheat he had produced was not purchased by the state procurement centre for over 45 days.Bareilly town in Raisen district resembled a battlefield as farmers allegedly beat-up cops, smashed and set government vehicles on fire. The police retaliated first with a lathi charge, then resorted to tear-gas and finally opened fire.A farmer and former sarpanch of Bareilly, Hari Singh Prajapati, reportedly received a bullet injury on his head. He was rushed to a Bhopal hospital where he was declared brought dead.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan ordered a probe into the circumstances led to the firing. Forty-two people, including Kisan Sangh president Suresh Sharma, have been arrested, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "13043688", "title": "Priest tries to molest minors, held", "text": "PALANPUR: Two minor sisters were saved from clutches of the priest of Harneshwar Mahadeo temple in Kadhi Vadali area in Ambaji on Monday. The two sisters were on their way to the market when the 35-year-old priest caught hold of them and forced them into his room. He shut the room from inside and tried to molest the girls.However, the nine-year-old girl mustered courage and succeeded in setting herself free. She started crying loudly for help. The scared priest, Ajaygiri Surajgiri Bavaji, let the second girl also go and shut himself in the room.A huge crowd gathered outside and broke the door open. They handed over the priest to police. The priest has been arrested for kidnapping and outraging the modesty of girls following a complaint lodged by the father of the girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042457", "title": "South Mumbai woman, teen daughters attacked at home", "text": "MUMBAI: A 45-year-old woman and her two teenaged daughters were assaulted in their Mumbai Central home on Monday evening. The police said the accused was known to the family. The incident occurred at the Doodh Wala complex. Senior inspector of Nagpada police station, V Sawade, said the victims were being treated at JJ Hospital.\"The mother is critically injured and has sustained severe wounds on the neck. The daughters have also been assaulted. They are undergoing treatment. We will gather more information after taking down their statements,\" said Sawade.Sources said the victim's husband is a businessman. He rushed to the hospital on hearing of the assault. A case of attempt to murder has been registered. More details were awaited at the times of going to press.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042416", "title": "Co-accused turns approver in case against IPS man", "text": "MUMBAI: The prosecution's case against Indian Police Service (IPS) officer Saji Mohan involved in a drugs case became stronger, after a special Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act court on Monday allowed the application filed by a co-accused to turn approver. Businessman Vicky Oberoi had filed the application in April and the prosecution was directed to file its reply.The court will start recording Oberoi's statement from May 15, when he will depose, supporting the prosecution's case.Mohan was arrested from Oshiwara for allegedly possessing 12 kg of heroin in January 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044315", "title": "Technical snag hits banking operations in city", "text": "CHENNAI: A new system introduced in branches of Indian Bank caused confusion among customers on Monday. As part of the ninth bipartite settlement signed between the Indian Banks' Association and workmen union, the bank had introduced a two-stage clearance for withdrawing money.Bank officials said that there were problems on account of system upgradation which were sorted out by afternoon across the network. \"Now, officers can authorize receipts up to 25,000, payments up to 20,000 and in case of clearing and transfer, the limits have been enhanced to 50,000 and the head cashier-II need not seek approval from authorities for the same,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13047591", "title": "Indian diplomat's daughter files lawsuit, seeks $1.5 million in damages", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian diplomat's daughter, who was jailed for a day on suspicion of sending obscene emails to her teacher, has filed a lawsuit against the city of New York and her school authorities seeking USD 1.5 million in damages for her wrongful imprisonment and suspension from school.18-year-old Krittika Biswas, the daughter of Vice-Consul in the Consulate General of India in New York Debashish Biswas, was detained and arrested in February last year on the grounds that she had sent \"offensive and sexually threatening\" emails to her teachers in Queens's John Browne High School.Biswas's lawyer Ravi Batra filed the 118-page lawsuit, which has 10 federal counts and 16 New York state counts, in the US District Court Southern District of New York on Monday.The suit seeks at least USD 500,000 in compensatory and a million dollars in punitive damages, in addition to other relief.The lawsuit is against 11 parties including the city of New York, the city's Department of Education and some of its officials, the principal and teacher concerned of Biswas's school and New York City police commissioner Raymond Kelly.\"Hopefully, this lawsuit will aid all 1.1 million students in New York City schools to avoid false criminal charges and illegal suspension by NYC Department of Education when they are actually innocent, while helping commissioner Ray Kelly make NYPD even better,\" Batra said in an emailed statement to PTI.The case had garnered significant media attention and India had conveyed its concern to the US authorities over Biswas's arrest and treatment.India's then ambassador Meera Shankar had said the case had been taken up \"very seriously\" with the US government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13045146", "title": "Jewellers welcome withdrawal of additional excise duty", "text": "KANPUR: The jewellers have welcomed the decision of Union finance minister of rolling back the excise duty levied on branded and non-branded jewellery. The Union budget had proposed tax collection at source (TCS) by the seller at the rate of 1 per cent of the sale amount from the buyer for all cash transaction exceeding Rs 2 lakh. This amount has been hiked to Rs 5 lakh.Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , on Monday, announced in Lok Sabha about rolling back of one per cent excise duty on both branded and unbranded jewellery.\"The government has decided to withdraw the levy on all precious metal jewellery branded or unbranded one with effect from March 17, 2012,\" Mukherjee said.Shreyansh Kapoor, regional chairman and board of director, All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation had welcomed the decision of finance minister and expressed happiness that the hiked excise duty has been removed.Kapoor said that the government suffered a loss of 350 crore in just 21 days due to bandh. It was a was a major setback for them.Meanwhile, the members of Kanpur Mahanagar Sarafa Association hailed the decision and thanked the finance minister for rolling back the excise duty. They distributed sweets at Nayaganj and burnt crackers to express happiness. Pushpendra Jaiswal, president, Akhil Bhartiya Swarankar Vikas Parishad also welcomed the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13043468", "title": "Worker hurt in garbage dump blast", "text": "BANGALORE: Commotion prevailed on Monday afternoon outside the GKVK campus, near Jakkur aerodrome on Bellary Road, when a plastic cover exploded. The cover was thrown by a BBMP pourakarmika into a garbage dump on fire.The civic worker, P Krishnappa, sustained minor bruises on his forehead and face in the blast that took place around 12.30pm. Samples from the site have been sent to the Forensic Sciences Laboratory, Bangalore, to find out the exact reason for the explosion.Police suspect that some form of waste material containing explosives could be the reason. Senior police officers said the incident took place when four BBMP pourakarmikas were sweeping the pavement near the park, next to the main road.\"Usually, they put all the garbage in one place and set it on fire. Krishnappa found this small fist-sized white plastic cover and threw it into the fire. Suddenly, an explosion occurred and Krishnappa sustained burns,\" police said, adding, \"It need not necessarily be explosives. Sometimes, medical waste too explodes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13045544", "title": "Hindu Maha Sabha chief voices support for Nithyananda", "text": "MADURAI: The president of the All-India Hindu Maha Sabha (AIHMS) who was in Madurai on Monday, created a flutter by expressing solidarity with the Madurai Adheenam and Nithyananda.Sakkarapani Maharaj, the president of the sabha, and general secretary Indira Deepaji were in Madurai to visit the mutt. After meeting the present pontiff and Nithyananda, he spoke to media persons, saying, \"Nithyananda is taking great efforts to form a strong base for Hinduism across the world. The AIHMS is fully supportive of his efforts,\" he said. All mutt heads who were now opposing Nitahyanandha will start supporting him very soon, he added.The leader said he was confident that Nithyanandha would emerge clean from the charges made against him.Meanwhile, members of the Hindu Makkal Katchi reportedly lodged a complaint with the HR and CE department seeking a probe into the alleged bribe that the Madurai Adheenam had received to appoint Nithyananda as junior pontiff. In his petition, the district president of the Hindu Makkal Katchi, Solai Kannan, has sought a probe into the appointment of Nithyananda and also his dismissal from the post. Later, he also urged Hindus to join the meeting of mutt heads across the state which is to be held in Madurai on May 13. The mutt heads are to discuss the formalities for taking action against Nithyananda in that meeting. A disciple of the Madurai Adheenam, Vaishnavi (28), was also allegedly abused by a follower of Nithyanandha Mathya (30), in the mutt premises on Sunday night. But, sources said Madurai Adheenam conducted enquiries into the incident and brought about a compromise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13043767", "title": "MV Cap Norte leaves for Nhava Sheva", "text": "MANGALORE: MV Cap Norte, a container vessel on its way to Nhava Sheva from Port Kelong sailed to its intended destination in the early hours of Monday. The vessel had remained at anchorage about five nautical miles off New Mangalore Port since Saturday after a fire was detected in hold number four. The flag state authorities took a decision about her onward journey.Rajmani Sharma, DIG, Indian Coast Guard told TOI that the Mercantile Marine Department (MMD) had parleys with flag state authorities, who decided to sail the vessel towards Nhava Sheva where any further repairs if needed will be carried out.\"The vessel sailed out around 1 am on Monday and should reach the Maharashtra port on Tuesday,\" Rajmani said, adding that MMD authorities cleared the necessary paper work for the onward journey.Sources in NMP told TOI that the port was fully geared up to receive the vessel in-case the MMD surveyor had indicated the need for that. The port authorities were, however, wary of allowing the Liberian Flag vessel inside without due clearance from MMD surveyor since it had 90 containers classified as Internationally Maritime Dangerous Goods on board. The manifest of the vessel given to Indian Coast Guard authorities denoted mixed cargo including chemicals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "vadodara/surat", "code": "13044045", "title": "Jewellers rejoice over rollback", "text": "VADODARA/SURAT: About 15,000 jewellers in Surat and south Gujarat are celebrating over Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee announcing the rollback of one per cent excise duty on precious metal jewellery - both branded and unbranded - in the Parliament on Monday.Jewellers in Vadodara too welcome the decision. \"It is a welcome step and good for the trade. We are thankful to the finance minister for this announcement as ultimately consumers will benefit out of this decision,\" managing director of Vadodara-based Narayan Jewellers Ramakant Chokshi said, adding that the decision to raise the threshold limit for tax collection at source (TCS) on cash purchase of jewellery from present Rs two lakh to Rs five lakh is another welcome step.Earlier, jewelers across the nation including in the south Gujarat region had suspended the 21 days long agitation against the central government's one per cent excise duty imposition on April 7 after the representatives of the jewellers' trade bodies were given assurance for the roll back on May 7.Rajiv Jain, chairman, Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council ( GJEPC) told TOI, \"It is a welcome step and the entire gems and jewellery industry is thankful to the finance minister. The roll back will once again help the industry to flourish and increase its share in the global market.\"Dipak Choksi, regional chairman, GJF said, \"It a big relief for the jewellery retailers, wholesalers and goldsmiths in Gujarat and across the country.\" Pravin Nanavaty, former president of Surat Diamond Association (SDA) and chairman of SHE Jewels said \"The biggest relief has come to the goldsmiths as they would have to bear the burnt of the one per cent levy of excise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13045262", "title": "Accused in fake stamp paper case requests lie-detector test", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vijayakumar, the accused in police custody in the counterfeited stamp paper case, on Monday expressed consent before the additional chief judicial magistrate court to undergo any lie detection test, including brain mapping, narco analysis, truth serum test and polygraph test. Vijayakumar expressed his consent through a petition to prevent the police from keeping him under detention unnecessarily in the name of investigation.The petition was moved through his counsel advocate Clarance Miranda. In the petition, Vijayakumar said that the police misled the court by keeping him under custody for several days. The police, in their application to get Vijayakumar under custody for seven days, had stressed the need to taking Vijayakumar to neighbouring states like Tamil Nadu and Karnataka to probe his alleged inter-state connections.However, he was kept at Vanchiyoor police station under the custody of sub inspector, crime, K Mohanan during all the seven days. When the period of police custody ended, they registered another case in the name of Vijayakumar and sought his custody again for five days.This was also granted by the police. The police act was unnecessary as the accused had already confessed that the crime was committed by him alone, said the petition.The ACJM V P Indira Devi received the petition in file and scheduled the case for hearing on May 16. The Magistrate also remanded Vijayakumar in judicial custody till May 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13043736", "title": "Shop burgled of Rs 5 lakh", "text": "COIMBATORE: A gang of burglars broke into a shop on Avinashi Road, near the office of the city police commissioner and decamped with Rs 5 lakh on Sunday night. They cut a window grill using hacksaw blades, and broke the lock on a glass door. Police have formed a special team to nab the culprits.Late on Sunday night, some entered Jayachandra Bearing India Private Limited.According to police, the burglars had spent at least half an hour cutting the window grill, before going to the second floor and breaking the lock of a glass window.\"We suspect that at least three persons entered the firm and broke open a cash box and decamped with Rs 5 lakh. We suspect that the burglars knew the firm well. We are collecting the ex-employees' details also,\" said assistant commissioner of police (central division - crime) R Gunasekaran.The burglary was noticed on Monday morning, when the sweeping attendant went to the second floor. She alerted the firm's owner P Jayakumar, who informed the police. Forensic science experts rushed to the spot and collected hacksaw blades which were used to cut the window grill. They also lifted some finger prints from the cash box.\"Closed circuit television cameras (CCTVs) were installed in the firm. But the employees had switched off the lights, so the footage was not clear. We have formed a special team to nab the accused,\" said Gunasekran. We have 10 branches in Coimbatore district. We collected money from the branches on Saturday night and stored it in a cash box. I suspect that the burglars knew about our firm very well,\" said the firm owner Jayakumar.Police said as many as 56 people were working in the firm, and they had known that the money was kept at cash box every weekend. The money was deposited in the bank for remaining days.Police suspect that some of the firm employees might have aided the burglars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13043994", "title": "Industrial sector roads to get new lease of life soon", "text": "NOIDA: Spelling respite for lakhs of commuters who frequent the industrial sectors in the city, the Noida Authority has begin work on repairing the potholes-ridden and severely damaged roads. With the new CEO Sanjeev Saran finally taking charge of the Authority, officials said that all pending projects, including the upgrading of roads in industrial sectors, have been resumed. Saran has instructed his staff to repair the roads within the next 15 days.The Authority had got the Housing Urban Development Corporation (HUDCO) to conduct a survey detailing the poor state of infrastructure and sanitation facilities and the current requirements in industrial Sectors 1 to 11. The Authority also completed another survey recently conducted by its engineering department. Taking the details of both surveys into account, the Authority will upgrade the infrastructure facilities in all the industrial sectors.To begin with, it will repair the roads that are currently in a state of utter disrepair due to constantly increasing vehicular pressure and neglect. The Authority will repair, re-tar and re-carpet the existing roads and also make new concrete roads in some areas. These roads, the Authority claims, will last for at least the next 30 years.\"We were all set to begin the work but then the elections happened after which the Authority remained headless for over a month. However, we have taken up all the pending projects now. We have already gone through the details of the two surveys. The repair work in industrial sectors will be taken up in phases to avoid major traffic snarls,\" an Authority official said.Meanwhile, following complaints from residents regarding irregularities on part of the Authority in repairing the roads in Sectors 56 and 57, the Authority has taken samples from the areas and sent them for testing. Residents had recently pointed out that even though these roads were constructed only last year, they got damaged and riddled with potholes within such a short span.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042071", "title": "Cops check Babajee\u2019s mail for evidence against Vora", "text": "MUMBAI: A special team has been formed with tech-savvy officers from Amboli and Khar police stations to go through 4,000 e-mails and the Facebook account of model Viveka Babajee, who hanged herself to death, holding stock broker Gautam Vora responsible for her act. The police are trying to see if they can unearth any new evidence against Vora with which they can book him for abetment of Babajee's suicide.Vora was recently arrested for allegedly sheltering double-murder accused Vijay Palande after he escaped from police custody on April 10. The Khar police learnt that Palande's friend Simran Sood, also his co-accused in the murder cases of aspiring producer Karan Kakkar and businessman Arun Tikku, used to be close to Vora at the time Babajee ended her life. Following the recent development, the police re-opened the model's suicide case.On June 25, 2010, Babajee ended her life in her rented home in Bandra, leaving behind a suicide note in which she wrote: \"U killed me Gautam Vora\". At that time, the Khar police recorded Vora's statement, checked Babajee's mails but concluded that there was \"no evidence against him\". Now, Babajee's family has again given the police the passwords to her email and social networking site accounts; the special team has been instructed to read every mail and take printouts. One mail contained a nude photo of Babajee and Gautam, cops said. The police are also trying to trace the person whose DNA was found in Babajee's nails -it didn't match with that of Vora-after her body was recovered. With the help of handwriting experts, officials are verifying if Babajee wrote the suicide note.The police said when Vora was preparing to marry Babajee, he was also seeing Simran. They are examining if that led to Babajee's suicide. Denying his affair with the two women at same time, Vora told the police that he met Simran in 2005, got close to her but parted ways in a few years. \"After Babaji's suicide, Sood got in touch with him and became his emotional support. They again entered into a relationship. Palande told the police that they were planning to marry, but the two denied it,\" cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "13045119", "title": "'French national was attacked after he kicked travel ticket examiner, pregnant woman'", "text": "KARNAL: The Govt Railway Police (GRP), investigating the death of French national Frank Wilfred, have told a Karnal district court that Wilfred was attacked by the travel ticket examiner (TTE), co-passengers and the kitchen staff on board the Sachkhand Express on April 29.Informing the court about the status of the ongoing investigations into the case, the GRP has stated that Amritsar-bound Sachkhand Express TTE Manoj Kumar, who has been arrested on murder charges, has also told the investigators that when they had left an unconscious Frank along the tracks at the Karnal railway station, his left ear was bleeding profusely.Frank was admitted to PGI in Chandigarh and had succumbed to injuries on May 2.According to GRP officials, the TTE has also claimed that passengers who had joined him in beating Wilfred had got off at Khanna, Ludhiana, Jalandhar and Amritsar and that he could identify all the passengers who had thrashed the French national. A heated debate over train ticket had resulted in the scuffle, they said.The TTE has alleged that Wilfred, who was not carrying any train ticket, was attacked after the French national kicked him and a pregnant woman.\"During the scuffle, the French national kicked Manoj and a woman co-passenger. This provoked other fellow passengers, who, along with the TTE and vendors of the pantry car, attacked Wilfred and inflicted grievous injuries,\" said the officials.Meanwhile, police have so far recovered the cover of Wilfred's camera, his visa documents and a doctor's slip that the French national had in his pocket.The TTE had earlier tried to mislead the investigators by telling them that the documents and other belongings of Wilfred, which have so far not been found, were lying in Delhi, but later told them that these were in Amritsar.During the five-day remand of the TTE, police had gone to Amritsar on Saturday and recovered the cover of the camera, but the other belongings, including a travel bag, have not yet been recovered.Manoj Kumar was on Monday sent to jail in judicial custody till May 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041925", "title": "Smooth start to online engineering exam", "text": "MUMBAI: The first of the four days of the online session of the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) went off smoothly at nearly 140 centres across the country.Several city students complained about having to travel far as there were limited centres for the online exam. Of the 31,000 candidates registered for the exam on Monday, around 98% took the test.Shrutika Singh, one of the candidates who lives in Nerul, said, \"My centre was on Ghodbunder Road in Thane. The reporting time was 9.15am. We left around 7am to ensure we were not held up in traffic.\" Most of the 140 centres were in 22 cities across the country.SD Joshi of a coaching institute in Navi Mumbai said, \"One of my students who lives in Nerul was assigned a centre in Boisar for the offline exam on April 29. Her family had to stay there for a day in a hotel day to ensure she reached the centre on time. This year, all students in Navi Mumbai faced similar problems for online and offline exams.\"One of the experts from a coaching institute said the difficulty level of the online exam was similar that of the offline paper and the chemistry portion was slightly tougher than other subjects.Rama Sharma, spokesperson of the CBSE, said 1.5 lakh students will appear for the online AIEEE in four sessions. The online exam sessions will be held on May 12, 19 and 26. Students who missed the offline examination on April 29 will be able to appear for the rest of three sessions. They must, however, submit their requests before May 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044137", "title": "Kalam for President clicks on social networks", "text": "CHENNAI: In the race to Raisina Hill, Pranab Mukherjee may be getting the support of many politicians, but A P J Abdul Kalam remains the popular choice of netizens.Social networking and microblogging sites are replete with messages in support of the missile-man who completed a term as President before Pratibha Patel took over. \"A P J Abdul Kalam is the only person who fulfills the minimum qualification for the post of President,\" tweeted Sumit Nagpal.\"Highly educated\", \"humble\" and \"people's President\", are some of the popular expressions that go with Kalam's name on the net. And rooting for him are people of all ages. A group has started a Facebook fan page in the name 'We want Shri A P J Abdul Kalam as President again.' Another group called 'Abdul Kalam for President' says this is the first time the people of India are having a voice in a Presidential election.'The President is not one to ask anything for himself,' screams an online poster showing Kalam giving a salute. Below that: Click share if you support Kalam. \"He's an apolitical leader and, as the rocket man of India, put the country in a great league\", says Nargarjun Shetty who uses social networking sites to muster support for Kalam.Then there are those who comment with their tongue firmly in cheek. \"Seems APJ Abdul Kalam can't be the President of India because he has no family to take on foreign tours and he does not grab land,\" tweeted Jiten Gajaria. Social media expert Anivar Aravind said the social media is accessed only by 6% of India's population, but their voices are heard by the powers that be. \"Opinions of these people since they are seen as representatives of the educated middle and upper classes.Aravind added that the posts and threads created for Kalam had interesting characteristics. \"When some of the posters made for Kalam are widely being spread by his supporters, people who are not for Kalam are also using them to post their disagreement,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "basua (gumla)", "code": "13043933", "title": "MLAs to provide lodging facilities to youths in Delhi", "text": "Basua (Gumla): Two MLAs from the district - Chamra Linda and Bandhu Tirkey - have mooted an idea to provide lodging facility in Delhi for aspirants of Union civil services from their respective constituency. The two MLAs are also planning to provide accommodation facility in Vellore to patients and their attendants, who belong to their constituencies, during treatment.Bishunpur MLA Chamra Linda said \"We have planned to support local aspirants during their stay in Delhi as most of the youths come from poor background.\" \"Our society has a plot in Delhi, where we will construct a building for these youths,\" he added while addressing the youths on the occasion of Sarhul (a tribal festival) here on Sunday. He said they will also request other MLAs to do the same.\"We have decided to provide lodging facility at Vellore, where poor patients and their attendants can stay during treatment,\" said Linda.He also promised to construct the Sarna Sthal boundary, community hall and road as demanded by mukhiya Joni Bhagat. DDC Punai Oraon laid stress on educating the village children as it is a prerequisite for development. He hailed therecent developments in the village and urged them to make it a beautiful place in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13041235", "title": "Summer loses its sting", "text": "PANAJI: The summer has been normal so far and the lower humidity count is keeping the sultry weather in check, as even morning temperatures are a degree lower than normal, meteorological department (Met) sources said.\"The maximum temperature of 34 degrees celsius is normal,\" K V Singh, director of Met department, Altinho, said. The day temperatures have been hovering around 33 to 34 degrees celsius for several days.Humidity is also on the lower side and also contributes to the fairly bearable weather conditions. \"On Sunday, the humidity in the evening was 59% as against the normal 67%,\" Singh said. An addition or detraction of 10% is considered normal.The cloud cover, which contributes to the heat, is also minimal. For a change, the night temperatures have been registered around 25 degrees celsius, as against the normal 26 degrees celsius.\"Sea breezes are setting in around 12pm and are consistent enough in dispersing the heat,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042451", "title": "Jewellers welcome announcement", "text": "JAIPUR: Jewellers across the country have welcomed the finance minister's announcement of rolling back excise duty on gold jewellery, however, the happiest lot is traders in Rajasthan. The 21-day long agitation carried out after the budget announcement was guided from Rajasthan, a state known for its handmade jewellery worldwide.\"Though there were combined efforts but Rajasthan played a vital role in forcing the government to change its decision. We were the first to call for a strike. The budget was presented on March 16 and we shut our shops on March 17. We took the decision to hold a candle march, 'mashal' rally and initiated dialogue with the state government,\" said Kailash Mittal, honorary secretary, Jaipur Sarafa Traders Committee.Statistically, Rajasthan is one of the biggest markets for the gems and gold ornaments in the country. Five lakh traders are engaged in the trade, while more than 20 lakh artisans and goldsmiths are employed for manufacturing gems and jewellery. Gold worth Rs 1000 crore gets exported form Rajasthan every year.\"Rajasthan has an expertise in value addition of jewellery. We have both manufacturing as well as export centres in the state. So it was obvious that business would have taken a dip in the state if the duties were not rolled back,\" said Rajiv Jain, chairman of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042515", "title": "'Orphaned HIV+ kids discriminated at all levels'", "text": "JAIPUR: Several non-government organizations (NGOs), working for children having HIV/AIDS , have alleged that despite creating a lot of awareness about the disease, these children are discriminated at various levels.Such children are disowned by other relatives after the death of their parents. \"After the death of parents, the life of such children become miserable. One such discrimination against HIV positive children came to light last year when they were asked by the landlord to vacate the house when the neighbours objected to their stay in the colony,\" said FXB India Suraksha coordinator Lata Singh. She was speaking at a function organized at press club here on Monday, observed as AIDS Orphans' Day.According to NGO activists, the number of orphaned HIV positive children are increasing. \"Such children need education. They all are studying in schools and the school owners know about their health. However, they (owners and principals) keep it as a secret fearing that the parents of other children would withdraw their children from the school. So, there is discrimination at every level, which is why they are living in orphanages,\" Singh said.\"I have never seen my mother. She died a few days after giving me birth. Now, I have to live in the orphanage, this is my home. I am happy here,\" said Mukesh (name changed).Aashray Care Home (an orphanage for children having AIDS) superintendent Sushila Mordiya said: \"Recently, the child welfare committee referred an HIV positive girl to us. The girl was found in Udaipur. Her relatives did not keep her after the death of her parents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13042985", "title": "Voice of northeast springs from Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: When a Manipuri student was brutally killed in Bangalore, the tremors were felt in Delhi, thanks to a campaign launched by a student from the northeastern state. After her campaign seeking justice for Richard Loitam, who was murdered on April 17, created ripples nationwide, Monika Khangembam will meet HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Tuesday to discuss the problems of northeastern students.Monika, a final-year student at Bangalore's Commits Institute of Journalism and Mass Communication, has been invited by the HRD ministry along with others to meet Sibal in New Delhi.A fighter for the rights of north-eastern students, Monika says: \"It's an attempt to unite the northeast with the rest of India. There are Maoists in states like Odisha, but why is the Armed Forces Special Powers Act imposed only in our states? I have had bad personal experiences because of it. I have been teased by security forces personnel.\"Monika never thought her Facebook campaign would go viral. \"I am a common citizen. If I have to stand up for a cause, I have to mobilize people. When we started the FB page, we never thought it would attract so many people. We updated the page and the country tracked our campaign online,\" she said.Monika will submit a memorandum to Sibal offering suggestions on what can be done to help northeastern students, like setting up helplines and a commission to look into their problems. She has also received a call from the UGC on the issue.Monika says discrimination is minimal in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "basua (gumla)", "code": "13043963", "title": "MLAs to provide lodging facilities to youths in Delhi", "text": "Basua (GUMLA): Two MLAs from the district - Chamra Linda and Bandhu Tirkey - have mooted an idea to provide lodging facility in Delhi for aspirants of Union civil services from their respective constituency. The two MLAs are also planning to provide accommodation facility in Vellore to patients and their attendants, who belong to their constituencies, during treatment.Bishunpur MLA Chamra Linda said \"We have planned to support local aspirants during their stay in Delhi as most of the youths come from poor background.\" \"Our society has a plot in Delhi, where we will construct a building for these youths,\" he added while addressing the youths on the occasion of Sarhul (a tribal festival) here on Sunday. He said they will also request other MLAs to do the same.\"We have decided to provide lodging facility at Vellore, where poor patients and their attendants can stay during treatment,\" said Linda.He also promised to construct the Sarna Sthal boundary, community hall and road as demanded by mukhiya Joni Bhagat. DDC Punai Oraon laid stress on educating the village children as it is a prerequisite for development. He hailed therecent developments in the village and urged them to make it a beautiful place in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13044666", "title": "Mission of CBSE, ICSE schools in vain", "text": "BANGALORE: A delegation of the Karnataka Federation of Independent Schools' Management (KFISM) on Monday met primary and secondary education minister Vishveswara Hegde Kageri and explained to him the problems faced by CBSE and ICSE schools in the implementation of RTE.However, Kageri and G Kumar Naik, commissioner of public instruction, told the delegation that the schools would have to implement RTE. LR Shivramegowda, president, KFISM, said that the federation gave a presentation regarding the difficulties faced by the schools as most of them were already done with their admission process. \"Nearly 70% of our schools have no seats to offer under the EWS quota. We met the minister to explain him the problems that we will face if the 25% quota is enforced upon us this academic year. We were done with our admission process in the month of October and took students on the basis of available infrastructure. We cannot increase our intake now,\" he said.Shivramegowda said the federation is not against the RTE, but it will be very difficult to incorporate more students this academic year.KFISM includes as many as 152 ICSE schools and 132 CBSE schools under its umbrella.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044457", "title": "Cash-trapped: ATM snaps up money from techie's account", "text": "CHENNAI: A software engineer is running from pillar to post to get back the Rs 20,000 that was deducted from his account though the ATM booth he went to didn't dispense the money.On March 20, Venkata Mantha, who has an account with SBI in Bangalore, went to a HDFC bank ATM on Cathedral Road and used his debit card. However, before he could get the cash, the ATM blinked 'timed out', but the amount was deducted from his account.Mantha, an employee of a software firm on Old Mahabalipuram Road, said he then used the card of another bank at the same kiosk and got some money. \"The CCTV camera in the booth only captures footage to prove how long one is standing inside. There is no mechanism to prove whether the money was not really delivered to me,\" Mantha told TOI. The engineer has now approached the banking ombudsman to resolve the problem.Mantha's father-in-law M V R Prasad, a senior scientist at the Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research (IGCAR) in Kalpakkam, said: \"My son-in-law informed HDFC bank whose ATM he used about not receiving the payment. He also alerted SBI in Bangalore. None of them helped us.\"On the advice of bank officials, Mantha' wife V Sowjanya submitted a complaint to officials at a HDFC bank branch in Selaiyur and an SBI branch in Tambaram. \"After following up the complaint, they told us to approach the banking ombudsman. HDFC bank and SBI officials said the transaction was successful and refused to return the Rs 20,000 deducted from my husband's account,\" she said.When contacted, R N Kulkarni, chief manager, SBI, Bangalore, said: \"The copy of the complaint has been received from the banking ombudsman. We will conduct an inquiry and submit a report to the ombudsman which will then give the final verdict.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13042867", "title": "State launches website dedicated to girl child", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Following suit of Maharashtra and Rajasthan, Gujarat has launched a website dedicated to the cause of girl child in the state. Health minister recently launched its website - www.betivadhaoo.com. Through this website online submission of form-F which is mandatory to be filled when doctor carries out sonography test on pregnant women will be possible.The website will also accept any complaint regarding violation of Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PC &amp; PNDT) Act from any corner of the country as well analysis of all data online.It needs mention that Maharashta has launched www.amchimulgi.com while Rajasthan has launched www.hamaribeti.com - websites dedicated to the cause of saving the girl child in the state. These sites include census figures of child sex ratio in the states, complaints lodged under the PC&PNDT; Act, action taken against doctors, legal status of the cases filed against the erring doctors and all other related information.Mission director of Gujarat Sate Rural Health Mission Anju Sharma said that the two day workshop was organized for all district collectors and appropriateauthorities, district development officers and chief district health officers. Intensive action under the PC &amp; PNDT Act is expected in all the affected districts of the state where collectors have been asked to carry out sting operations to catch erring doctors performing illegal sex determination test red handed. Special session was held on how to conduct sting decoy operations by NGOs which have successfully carried out sting operations using pregnant women as decoys. \"Officials were trained by subject experts regarding how to conduct sting decoy operations, legal case frame work, monitoring of clinics, analysis of Form-F and locating the violating clinics, effective and innovative information, education and communication activities and there by ensuring a stringent implementation of the PC &amp; PNDT Act in their respective districts\", Sharma said.Health minister Jaynarayan Vyas told the officials that implementation of the PC &PNDT; Act should be stepped up.He said that implementation of the Act will be useful only if the community takes up this issue on its own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13043990", "title": "UT power department has a tough task ahead", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Temperature has gone up by 5 degrees celsius in the past week and the demand for electricity has shot up by over 20MW. After a pleasant April, mercury will only rise in the coming weeks and the UT engineering department faces an uphill task of meeting the peak demand of over 320MW next month. On Monday, the demand was 215MW.In March and the first ten days of April, the city fell short of nearly 80MW of electricity and to cope up with the demand, the department bought electricity from two suppliers who provided additional power of 30MW from 9am to 6pm and 20MW from 6pm to 12 midnight, respectively. However, as the temperature dipped, even the power consumption dipped in the city by nearly 15% because of which the department had to sell the power it had bought.The central government has allocated approximately 135-220MW of power to the UT from the central generating power stations (CGS) of the National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ), National Hydro Power Corporation ( NHPC ) and Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL). However, every year UT has a hard time looking for sellers in the open market, when supply from the generation units dips.Now with the rising demand, the department would have to buy more electricity to bridge the demand-supply gap. The 30MW that the city was earlier supposed to get from Jammu and Kashmir from May 1 onwards is yet to be bought by the department.However, UT's superintending engineer M P Singh said, \"We can easily buy 30MW of electricity from J-K and with the rising demand, we will buy it. There won't be much problem there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13043348", "title": "Residents see how their rupee goes", "text": "Sagayapuram was once known as the ward represented by former hooch queen Mari Muttu (2002-2007). But the ward hardly saw any development, say residents.Today, it is synonymous with people power. After realizing that their ward needed a good shakeup, the residents decided to use their collective power for civic action. And they created history by preparing their own budget. On July 5, 2010, the Federations of Civil Societies of Sagayapuram (ward number 60) presented their budget for the year 2010-11 to their newly elected corporator Palani Ammal.The preparation of the budget was facilitated by an NGO, Citizens' Voluntary Initiative for the City (CIVIC). Volunteers of CIVIC took six months to study the ward thoroughly and understand the intricacies specific to each street and came up with an estimation. The residents prepared a budget of Rs 19.248 crore by prioritizing the works. The works listed in the budget included replacement of streetlights, desilting of drains, construction of community toilets, regular clearance of garbage and laying new footpaths.What actually triggered this initiative? The residents were fed up with BBMP's often shoddy and slow pace of work. And believing in the maxim that engagement of citizens holds key to good governeance, they seized the initiative.\"We had brought to BBMP's notice several times about the civic works to be taken up in our ward, but not all our demands were met. So we came up with our own budget which we submitted to the ward corporator,\" said ET Ponnukuttan, executive committee member of Richards Town Citizens' Association. This citizen-driven enterprise has seen slow but steady results, showing that perseverance really pays off.According to A Shivashankaran, president of Jago Federation of Residents in Sagayapuram, about 40% of the works suggested by the residents have actually been included in the last two BBMP budgets. \"BBMP has completed about 15% of the works that we had asked for and about 25% of the works have got work codes. Because we took the lead,we could see some development.''Echoing him, residents said with pride how Gospel Street in Richard Town saw a facelift, thanks to their budget. It is perhaps a baby step, but the residents have shown that they will decide how their money should be spent by their local government. And the result is there for all to see.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045339", "title": "Experts to attend meet on state's energy scenario", "text": "PATNA: A number of power projects, based on coal and gas as their fuel, which have come up in recent years or are scheduled to go on stream in the near future in the country are experiencing an acute shortage of domestic coal and gas, raising the prospects of the projects totalling 24,000MW getting stranded. Even the projects totalling 13,000MW which were supposed to use imported coal as fuel have witnessed question marks being raised on their viability due to Indonesian government's decision to benchmark the coal price to the international market and the introduction of a carbon tax in Australia.In this backdrop, renewable energy assumes greater importance. Given that Bihar is also facing great problems in getting coal linkage for the proposed thermal power projects, renewable energy becomes important for the state as well.In view of the state's dismal power scenario, dozens of energy experts are expected to attend a brainstorming session here next week to look for opportunities in energy sector, particularly in renewable energy.CM Nitish Kumar, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav and several experts, including director, Greenpeace India, Samit Aich are expected to discuss the opportunities for renewable energy in the state.Experts, including those from Tata BP Solar , one of the largest solar power companies in the world, are expected to share their opinion.The main focus of the meeting would be to convince Bihar government to implement eco-friendly renewable energy projects for improving the current power scenario, rather than depending on the conventional coal-based power projects, said an official.A document related to the mapping of Bihar's potential sites for setting up renewable energy projects would be released on the occasion.The document has identified several locations where solar energy projects could be set up.CM Nitish Kumar has already taken a token but significant step by deciding to power his official residence by solar energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13045500", "title": "IITians educate children in Maoist-hit areas", "text": "GAYA: Undeterred by the Naxals promoting the gun as the ultimate source of power and authority, a group of IITians on Monday visited Imamganj in Gaya district, the Red bastion claimed by the rebels as part of the 'liberated zone'.The IITians, earlier groomed by Bihar DGP Abhyanand through the Super 30 series, are engaged in a project to create awareness among children of disadvantaged sections to convert challenges into opportunities and go ahead with a focussed plan to make it big in life through education, the ultimate source of power.According to Imbesat Ahmad, a third year student of IIT Kharagpur, the team visited three schools including the Imamganj High School and Raniganj High School for personal interaction with the children of the Naxal-prone areas to motivate them to plan their education and focus on larger goals.Ahmad told TOI from Imamganj that the IITians also interacted with the teachers to have a first hand idea of the problems being faced by the teachers and the taught in the Red bastion.The visitors, who had apparently done their homework well, have also worked on a strategy to overcome the infrastructural and other shortcomings and improvise skills to neutralise the disadvantages and go ahead for achieving pre-fixed goals.The visitors also conducted some tests to shortlist promising youngsters who, with proper guidance, have the potential to sharpen their skills and compete with their better placed contemporaries.The IITians earlier visited the Magadh Super 30 to motivate and guide the youngsters to crack the IITJEE.Giving tips to the IIT aspirants belonging to the less privileged groups, the visiting IITians shared their own experience and encouraged the IIT aspirants to go in for combined studies as group study is very useful in problem solution and confidence building.Besides Gaya, the IITians would also be visiting Aurangabad, Rohtas and Kaimur, the other Naxal-prone districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13042810", "title": "Timber merchant murder case: Fingerprints of robbers sent to forensic labs", "text": "INDORE: A day after the gruesome murder of a timber merchant, Jasveer Singh Chhabra, in Indore early on Sunday morning by five unidentified robbers, the police have sent fingerprints collected from the crime spot for tests to forensic laboratories in Bhopal and Delhi on Monday.Meanwhile, the cops have alerted the border check posts located close to Rajasthan border looking for the five accused, who escaped in a car. The police said that some of the evidence collected got distorted and thus could not be sent for tests.The accused, said the police, might have fled the house after the crime in Hyundai Verna car and crossed Ujjain toll booth with the number plate MP09 2792, but later removed it before reaching the next toll crossing. By the modus operandi, said the police, it looks like the perpetrators of the crime were trained killers and have executed their job neatly without leaving evidences at the spot. However, the police are confident to solve the murder and robbery case soon.Indore senior superintendent of police A Sai Manohar said, \"Whoever commits a crime always leaves something which could help the police. He has also ordered all the police stations to increase the night patrolling up to 20 percent till the next order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13041745", "title": "BHEL senior Dy GM, son under CBI scanner", "text": "NAGPUR: A top official of Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), along with his son, has been booked in a disproportionate asset case by the Anti-Corruption Wing of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). Following registration of the offence towards end of April, CBI teams conducted a search at three places in Nagpur and Mumbai on Monday.Devendra Singh Ahluwalia, senior deputy general manager, BHEL, has been made accused in the case along with his son Ambrish after the CBI's enquiry revealed substantial unaccounted properties in their names. CBI sources maintained properties worth more than Rs 1.5 crore were found above the expected level of assets that the father-son duo could have procured through their legitimate earnings. CBI sources claimed Devendra Singh's monthly earnings were around Rs 90,000 including allowances and other perquisites.While Ambrish is a former employee of a mutual fund of a nationalized bank, Devendra Singh was set to retire in coming July from BHEL. It is learnt that CBI has been probing Devendra Singh's assets for around six months before deciding to act against him. The Ahluwalias are now learnt to be in construction business in Mumbai. During probe, it has came to fore that they had taken a loan of around Rs 2.5 crore from three businessmen. Singh did not inform about loans to his office which he should have as per norms.During investigations, it came to fore that two expensive cars and an apartment in Mumbai were owned by the Ahluwalias. The cars , worth Rs 32.5 lakh together, were found in addition to another worth around Rs 2.5 lakh in the city. It was learnt that the Ahluwalia's Khar (w)-based apartment was worth Rs 1.25 crore at present market rate. Half-kilogram gold was also found during the searches, it is learnt.The searches were conducted at Ahluwalia's Mumbai residence by a team under CBI inspector Hemant Kharabe. CBI Inspector Pradeep Lande searched Devendra Singh's office at Shri Mohini complex while senior PI Vinod Kumar raided his Ravi Nagar residence.Fixed deposit worth around Rs 67 lakh in the name of Ambrish and his daughter were also traced at their Mumbai home. Another set of fixed deposits, worth around Rs 14 lakh, were found at their Ravi Nagar residence. Sources said that Ahluwalias' Ravi Nagar residence was worth around Rs 12 lakh.The CBI team is now slated to search their bank accounts and lockers. Superintendent of police, CBI, Thomas John, said investigations were underway.ASSETS TRAIL (VALUE IS RS)Mumbai apartment at Khar (w): 1.25 croreNagpur apartment at Ravi Nagar: 12 lakhFixed Deposit found at Mumbai residence: 67 lakhFixed Deposit found at Nagpur residence: 14 lakhHalf-kilogram gold: 15 lakhTwo cars at Mumbai: 32.5 lakhA car at Nagpur: 2.50 lakhTotal loan amount traced: 2.50 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13043355", "title": "Land registration sans survey numbers illegal", "text": "HYDERABAD: Are you planning to buy a flat in the city? If so, ensure your builder registers the flat by incorporating survey number of the land in the sale deed and not just by mere house number.Many builders, who have constructed apartment complexes on government land or assigned land, have been duping gullible citizens by registering properties without mentioning survey numbers while registering properties in the city. Builders and developers have been resorting to this method since government land, assigned land and Urban Land Ceiling (ULC) surplus land details with survey numbers have been incorporated in the prohibitory registers with sub-registrars of the registration and stamps department. Registration department officials are not supposed to register or transfer title in the survey numbers mentioned in the prohibitory registers.The Rangareddy district administration has recently asked tahsildars to update government land details in the prohibitory registers under section of 22 (A) of the Registration Act and also inform sub-registrars not to register properties based on house numbers issued by civic bodies.For example, survey Nos 96,101, 85 and 87 of Nagole and 36 of Bandlaguda village, according to revenue authorities, are government land and have been incorporated in the prohibitory registers of the sub-registrar office. However, many builders, who have constructed apartment complexes, have been cheating gullible people by registering flats based on house numbers.\"Registrations with house numbers are allowed only in the core area of Hyderabad district where Town Survey Land Record (TSLR), a comprehensive survey giving specific number to each property in the city, was done three decades ago. However, registration department officials have been registering properties on house numbers without insisting on survey numbers in some areas. This practice was brought to our notice by some people,\" Uppal tahasildar V Lachi Reddy told TOI.Sources said the house number registrations come in handy for builders where an apartment complex is constructed by demolishing existing independent houses, which might have been constructed a few years ago and house numbers were allotted by the erstwhile surrounding municipalities. When contacted, RR district joint collector M Jagannadham said registrations done illegally would have no legal validity and the inspector-general of police (IG), Registration and Stamps, would initiate action in such cases, including cancellation of registrations. Similarly, action would be taken against encroachments on government land by bulldozing illegal structures. \"Recently, we had updated government land details in the prohibitory registers, including the recently taken over ULC surplus land. The district administration advises people not to buy any property without survey numbers,\" the joint collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043642", "title": "Four shops gutted in fire at Nai Sadak", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four shops were destroyed in a fire that broke out at the Nai Sadak area of Chandni Chowk on Sunday evening. No one was injured in the incident.Around 20 fire tenders were pressed into service and it took them a couple of hours to douse the fire. \"The fire started around 10.30pm. We had to send a fire jet to control the flames after the fire tenders ran out of water,\" said a fire official. Two sari shops and some chemical units were charred beyond recognition. \"Preliminary investigations suggest that the fire was triggered by a fault in an air-conditioner in one of the shops,\" said a senior cop.Sunday's incident has worried shopkeepers in the area. \"I keep fire extinguishers and sand in our shop, but it is not always possible to control such incidents. Even after repeated complaints to the MCD and the fire brigade, no concrete steps have been taken to prevent such occurrences,\"said Sanjay Lal, a sari shop owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13044017", "title": "Dept to resend load declaration forms with bills", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the UT electricity department not having a fair idea of the exact electricity load in different parts of the city, frequent breakdowns in the coming weeks seem inevitable. While UT has failed to upgrade infrastructure, city residents too haven't responded to the voluntary load declaration drive.Of the 1.5 lakh households in the city, only 5,000 filled in the forms sent along with the bills. Now, the electricity department plans to resend the forms with the next bills and step up the campaign against defaulters.The authorities concerned take the plea that without people declaring their power usage, the department will not be able to predict the shortage. \"In this form people have to declare their power consumption through the electrical appliances they use,\" said UT superintending engineer M P Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042648", "title": "Brothers kill newly-wed man in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: A man, who got married a fortnight night ago, was allegedly murdered by his friend in a brutal manner after the two reportedly had a row over a trivial issue late on Sunday. The two were in a drunken state at the time of incident. The police said the prime accused, Rajesh and the co-accused, Nagesh are sons of a head constable, Daya Shankar, who is posted in the Shahpura police station. In all, 19 persons have been booked in the case. Of them, four have already been taken arrested, the police added.The deceased, Anil, was a resident of the Mata Mandir area of the city. He was employed in a car showroom. Anil and three others, including the accused, Rajesh Tiwari, who were employed in the same showroom, had gone to Indore for an interview.All of them were returning to Bhopal in a car when the incident took place near Bairagarh. Police said Anil and Rajesh had a fight over the petty issue in the inebriated condition on their way back to Bhopal. The accused, Rajesh called his brother Nagesh and asked him to come to Bairagarh to take revenge.Police said Nagesh and some 18 youths, all carrying rods and sharp-edged weapons, reached there. The accused forced Anil to get out of the car and allegedly made a murderous assault on him.However, the beat constables present there rescued the victim and rushed him to Hamidia Hospital where doctors declared him dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13045315", "title": "Varanasi forgets to honour Gurudev on 150th birth anniversary", "text": "VARANASI: The year-long celebrations to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of the first Nobel laureate of India, Rabindranath Tagore, started a year ago on May 7 and culminated on Monday, but the city which boasts of calling itself the cultural capital of the nation, seemingly forgot to remember the great Indian writer and poet who has close association with the city.While regional cultural officer, Ratnesh Verma informed that department did not plan any event to mark the birth anniversary of Tagore, it is also worth mentioning that as per the records of regional cultural office, no programme was held to mark the year long celebration of 150th anniversary of Tagore.It may be mentioned that Tagore was very closely associated with Varanasi. Tagore was the chairman of Bharat Kala Parishad established in 1920, which in course of time was converted into Bharat Kala Bhavan (Indian Art Museum) in 1929, which is now a part of Banaras Hindu University (BHU).Vivek Das, mahant of Kabir mutt at Kabir Chaura area, said, \"although there are no written records, Tagore travelled to Varanasi and visited Kabir muth in 1920s. Infact some of his creations have strong mention about saint Kabir.\"According to Dr Anuradha Banerjee, associate professor of English at Vasant Kanya Mahavidyalaya (VKM), it is also believed that Tagore conceived the idea of Chokher Bali and Nauka Dubi during his journey to Varanasi. Banerjee, who has translated some of the creations of Tagore from Bangla to English and Hindi, says \"not many events were held in non Bengali speaking community, people are still not aware about the richness and depth of literature as they are all written in Bengali\". However, some local organisations like Lalit Chakra organised some plays, seminar on Rabindra Sangeet, and dance drama on the creation of Tagore in November and December 2011.\"We did not hold any function to observe Tagore's birth anniversary. There are many paintings of Tagore, students from different areas of the country come occasionally and visit them,\" informed Dr D P Sharma, director, Bharat Kala Bhawan, Banaras Hindu University (BHU).Shockingly, when TOI contacted BHU, it was found that no programme was to be held to commemorate the 151th birth anniversary of Tagore. While the Press Publicity and Publication cell denied that any function in the university are being conducted to mark the occasion, at the same time, no one was aware about the proposal of Tagore Bhawan.It is noteworthy that, as a mark of reverence and tribute to the vision of Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya, then vice-chancellor Prof YC Simhadri in June 1999 announced at a meeting to establish the Malaviya Heritage Complex at Malaviya Bhawan, BHU. Later, the BHU planned to create a memorial 'Tagore Bhavan' at the Mahamana Malviya Heritage Complex on the campus. The Tagore Bhavan was intended to be developed as a regional centre to store material relating to the cultural life of Bengal in Gurudev's times and national movement with reference to literature, art movement and folk culture.Having collection of publication on Tagore, the complex was proposed to be situated in the premises of Malviya Bhavan. In fact, appeal was also made by former vice chancellor Panjab Singh to the alumni, philanthropists, public sector, financial institutions, individuals, well wishers of BHU cherishing the ideal of Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviyaji to contribute generously to implement the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13044951", "title": "SIT clean chit to Modi ripped apart", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The clean chit given to Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi by the Special Investigation Team (SIT ) in September 2011 has been torn apart by the Supreme Court appointed amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran who has stated in his final report that there was a prima facie case against Modi.Ramachandran's report , along with the SIT's report , were handed over to the complainant Zakia Jafri , a survivor of the Gulbarg Society massacre in which 69 persons were killed, including her husband and ex-MP , Ehsan Jafri on February 28, 2002.Ramachandran has held Modi responsible for promoting enmity between communities by justifying the violence. He has observed that Modi's gesture was not only prejudicial to maintenance of harmony , but also a threat to national integration under sections 153 and 505 of IPC. Punishment under these sections is three years in jail.Ramachandran has concluded that Modi be prosecuted for disobeying law though he is a public servant . He has stated that the questions whether Modi held a meeting at his residence on the evening of February 27, 2002, and if he had directed police officials to be lenient on the Hindu mobs was a matter still open to probe.While the SIT has debunked the claim of IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt that he was present at the meeting , Ramachandran has said it was Bhatt's word against other officers' and that this too needs to be looked into by the courts . He said there was no reason to disbelieve the testimony of Bhatt in a situation when there is no evidence to prove him false.On the issue of the presence of two ministers - I K Jadeja and late Ashok Bhatt in police control rooms in Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad - the amicus curiae highlighted SIT chairman R K Raghavan's comment that the ministers' presence in control rooms must have had Modi's \"tacit approval\".Ramachandran has not accepted SIT'sconclusion that Modi's speech delivered on March 1, 2002 treating the riots as reaction to Godhra carnage was not problematic . \"It clearly indicates that there was an attempt to justify the violence against the minority community . This indicates a certain approach . The statement made by Modi cannot be seen in isolation ,\" he said .Against the SIT's recommendations for departmental proceedings against two IPS officers , M K Tandon and P B Gondia , who visited the massacre site but turned away amid mounting tension , Ramachandran said they should be tried for causing death by negligence under section 304 A of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13042186", "title": "4 Paonar mishap victims cremated in Lohara", "text": "YAVATMAL: Four persons among eight killed in the Paonar road mishap were cremated amid tearful adieu by the relatives and villagers in Lohara. Three other deceased persons were taken to their native places for performing the last rites.On Sunday evening, the bodies of the youths were brought from Wardha to Yavatmal. A mass funeral ceremony was held at the village graveyard. Those who were cremated in Lohara are: Arvind Rangari (31), sayshree Munneshwar (25), Prashant Bhagat (29), Sudhir Wankhede (29) and all residents of Lohara.Yogita Awasare (28) and her father Gangadhar Awasare (60) of Darwha tehsil were cremated in their native village on Monday.The bodies of car driver Pramod Pole (38) village Donad in Ner tehsil and another victim Ulhas Sonone (37) of Ambodi in Akot tehsil were taken to their native villages where the residents gave them a tearful adieu.Over 11 persons were heading towards Gondia in a Tavera for appearing in talathi exam when their vehicle dashed against a container at Paonar in Wardha district. Eight of them including two women died on the spot while three others sustained grievous injuries and were admitted to the Kasturba Medical College, Sewagram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042796", "title": "Bifurcation of rural electricity supply may hit BJP prospects", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh BJP government's multi-crore ambitious project - to bifurcate the rural electricity supply line into household and agriculture sectors- is going on at a tardy pace and might not be completed as scheduled.The project is being modeled on the one undertaken by the Gujarat government. The delay could upset the saffron party's applecart to win for the third successive time in the assembly scheduled for next year.Akin to the Gujarat project, state energy department is working on Rs 4,500 crore feeder separation project to bifurcate rural power supply line to provide 24-hour electricity to households and 8-hour energy to agriculture sector for more than one year. But, not more than 20% work under the project has been accomplished so far.Right now, large parts of rural MP were facing power cuts for around 10 hours for want of power supply line bifurcation. Currently the bulk of power is pulled for agriculture from the electricity supply line and the shortfall leads to power cut in rural area.Minister of state for energy Rajendra Shukla said they have accomplished 20-25% work under the project. He said around 1000 power feeders carrying electricity to rural area had been bifurcated and as a result of it houses and agriculture sectors were getting 16 hours and 8 hours power respectively daily.Shukla admitted that the project got stagnant when 10% work under it got over but now it is going on well. \"We had floated the tenders for the work in October 2010,\" the minister said.As the power crisis and load-shedding has the potential to become an issue in the next assembly polls scheduled for next year, the BJP government has stepped up work on the project hoping to pull a win and score a hat trick in the elections by ensuring uninterrupted power supply to the rural areas.The Gujarat government, according to reports, started supplying 24-hours power to more than 18,000 villages under the project Jyotigram Yojana in 2006. The Gujarat government completed its project within a record time of 30 months with a capital of around Rs 1,500 crore.BJP government came to power in 2003, wiping out the 10-year old Congress rule with a promise that it would find a permanent solution to power shortage. However, the government is still struggling to tide over the problem, especially in the rural areas.Rural parts of Madhya Pradesh are facing the problem of erratic power supply for last two decades the Shivraj Singh Chouhan hopes to solve the problem once and for all through the feeder separation work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043422", "title": "Disabled people can soon book rail tickets online", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon, differently abled people can book rail tickets online at concessional fares that they are entitled to. At present, differently abled people have to go to railway reservation counters to book tickets if they want to avail the fare concession given by railways.\"The railway board is ready with the plan to facilitate online ticket booking for its special passengers,\" a senior official said.The plan is to issue identity cards with specific numbers to each differently abled person which will be built into the computerized passenger reservation system (PRS) across the country. \"This will ensure that differently abled persons can avail fare concession even while booking tickets online,\" the official said.Under the proposal, the board plans to set up specific offices in zones and divisions where differently abled people can get their fare concession card made after producing a medical certificate.Physically challenged people get fare concessions, have special reservation counters at railway stations and even special coaches on trains but cannot avail fare concessions while booking an e-ticket. They can book full fare tickets through the internet.The move came after railway board received several complaints from differently abled passengers and social activists. The issue was also raised with Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), the PSU handling online ticketing operations.The railways' argument was that in purchase of concessional tickets, the physical document needed to be verified at the time of booking before extending the concession.However, the railway board realized that e-ticket booking facility was much more essential for physically challenged persons than other passengers. Under the plan, the physical verification of the document will be done at the time of issuing identity card, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13041646", "title": "Ona Maulingem panchayat bags national award", "text": "BICHOLIM: The Ona Maulingem-Kudchirem panchayat which comes under jurisdiction of Mayem constituency in Bicholim taluka has been awarded by the Union central panchayat raj and human awareness ministry for best functioning under the norms of panchayat authority despite the paucity in funds.The panchayat was honoured at the hands of Union panchayat minister V Kishore and Jairam Ramesh with a cash prize of 5,000. The award was accepted by the sarpanch Shiva Gaonkar and other members at a function held in New Delhi recently.The panchayat body, comprising sarpanch Gaonkar, deputy sarpanch Shital Sawal, and panch members Madhu Naik, Digambar Gaonkar, Rajendra Usapkar, Radhika Gaonkar and Balkrishna Parwar, worked towards the development of this panchayat despite an annual income of only 3 lakh. However, with the financial assistance from different government-launched schemes, the panchayat has been instrumental in constructing a community hall, three bandharas and other related work.The Ona Maulingem-Kudchirem panchayat needs educational and water facilities, a sports complex and the empowering of the Dhangar and Harijan community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044285", "title": "CPM, TMC MPs spar in Rajya Sabha over Hillary\u2019s visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The acrimonious exchanges between Trinamool Congress and the Left over Hilary Clinton's visit to Kolkata spilled onto Rajya Sabha on Monday with CPM MPs, while demanding that Nobel Laureate Rabindranath Tagore's birthday be declared a national holiday, said it was \"shameful\" and \"obnoxious\" that she came to West Bengal on such a day and was \"interfering\" in India's internal affairs.Trinamool Congress members, including Sukendhu Sekhar Roy, objected to the remarks leading to din in the House. Senior CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury demanded an answer from the government as to how a state government can hold talks with the US Secretary of State.PJ Kurien, who was in the Chair, sought to bring order in the House and told CPM MP Shyamal Chakraborty, who had raised the issue, that it (Clinton visit) was not the subject of his Zero Hour mention.In his mention, Chakraborty also said that it was \"strange and painful\" that Tagore's birthday has not been declared a national holiday so far. Left MPs and JD-U's Shivanand Tiwari tried to raise the issue even at the start of the Zero Hour but were not allowed to by Kurien.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13043533", "title": "Chandrasekharan murder probe reaches Kannur jail", "text": "KANNUR: The probe into the killing of Revolutionary Marxist Party leader T P Chandrasekharan has reached the Kannur Central Jail. Investigators have leads to believe that the conspiracy to kill TP was hatched in the jail and some political prisoners and criminals are involved in it.The special team probing the case collected details of phone calls made before and after the murder by tracking the cellphone signals transmitted through towers in Pallikkunnu region where the jail is situated. They also collected details on jail visitors, prisoners who are on parole, and political prisoners with crime record.During the probe in the jail, cops found that many political prisoners use mobile phones secretively. Incidentally all the 19 mobile jammers inside the jail are not functional. The probe team with the help of the cyber cell is trying to ascertain if the mobile phones of some jail officials were used by prisoners. \"It is a fact that mobile phones are sometimes sneaked into the jail. However, we make all efforts to seize it. In the last two months more than five phones were seized and we have given the details of the phones to the intelligence department,\" said jail superintendent Sivadas K Thaiparambil. Sources among the cops on duty in jail say that the CPM has a strong network inside the jail.Cops have raided many places including the houses of murder suspect Kodi Suni and his associates in Mahe, Chokli, and neighbouring areas. Kodi Suni is a history-sheeter and the police say that his arrest would unravel the murder plot. However, it is doubted that he and his gang members have escaped to Karnataka. Houses in the party villages in the district were also raided.During a search at Kallilthazhe, the police seized a powerful steel bomb and raw materials to make such bombs from the compound of one Rathikanth, who is said to be a CPM worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13042928", "title": "Blind students miss TET without writers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three visually challenged wannabe teachers could not appear for the Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) that was held across Gujarat on Monday. The reason was that the student-writers appointed for their help failed to turn up.The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB), which conducted the TET, had decided to provide writers to all visually handicapped examinees.The move was noble but was initiated at the very last minute. The only pre-condition specified by GSHSEB officials was that the student-writers should be of standard VIII.Following this three students were selected for the visually challenged aspirants of TET. \"One student was to appear in the TET centre at Sardar Patel and Vivekanand High School in Maninagar and two others from Puja Vidyalay CTM. School authorities claim that the writers were selected but their parents did not allow them to take up the responsibility since this is vacation time,\" said a GSHSEB official. On Monday morning, the three visually challenged students waited in vain for the writers to turn up. Later, they had to leave without appearing for their TET exams. tnn\"All over Gujarat, 1.34 lakh students appeared for TET. No cases of copying were reported from any of the centres. In Ahmedabad alone, 33,000 students appeared for TET at 108 exam centres,\" said R I Patel district education officer (Ahmedabad city)\"The examinees appeared for two tests both of which were conducted on Optical Mark Reader papers. To pass, the candidates will have to secure 125 out of 200 marks. The teachers who will be selected in this TET shall be appointed for teaching class IX and X students,\" said GSHSEB officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13046988", "title": "Mahesh Bhatt to promote Imran Zahid", "text": "If you saw the tall amiable rookie cop who accompanied Randeep Hooda in the initial scenes of Jannat 2 and then vanished, you might want to know that he is Mahesh Bhatt's latest protege Imran Zahid.Imran played the shoe-throwing journalist Muntadhar Al-Zaidi in Mahesh Bhatt's stage adaptation 'The Last Salute'. He is now being launched as one of the leading men in 'Jism 2'. Imran is also the lead in in Mahesh Bhatt's 'Chandu', a bio-pic on the slain Jawaharlal Nehru Unversity student leader Chandrashekhar Prasad.With such lofty plans up his sleeves one was shocked to see Imran making a 'gust' appearance in two fleeting shots with Randeep Hooda and Brijendra Kala. Even more shocking is the fact that Imran himself was shocked to see himself in 'Jannat 2'!!!The revised plan after Imran's role in 'Jannat 2' did not shape up as one of the leads was to scrap his role completely and re-launch the actor in the Bhatts' 'Jism'. That's the way Subhash Ghai had dealt with Madhuri Dixit's career. After he shot a dance sequence with her in Karm and felt she had the potential to become a full-fledged leading lady, he scrapped the dance and launched her in Uttar Dakshin.Imran had been promised that his part would be completely scrapped and re-shot with another actor. Shell-shocked after seeing himself unannounced on screen Imran blurted out, \"I can't believe I saw myself in 'Jannat 2'. I was not meant to be part of it. I had left the film after the first schedule. My part was taken by an actor called Rajinder, the cop who gets shot at the end. I don't know why the director Kunal Deshmukh decided to keep my shots.\"Strangely days before the release of 'Jannat 2' Mahesh Bhatt had announced on a micro-blogging site that Imran would be making his debut not with 'Jannat 2' but 'Jism 2'.Says Imran, \"Honestly I'm in shock. It was officially decided that I won't be part of 'Jannat 2'. The ethical thing to do would have been to remove my scenes completely and re-shoot with my replacement.\"Imran admits this two-bit appearance could damage his career.\" Magara ab jo ho gaya so ho gaya. It can' be undone, so no point crying over it. It was Mahesh Bhatt saab 's decision that I opt out of 'Jannat 2'. He thought I didn't fit in. Maybe they were unable to re-shoot all my scenes.\"When asked about Imran Zahid unceremonious, unannounced and uncredited debut in 'Jannat 2' director Kunal Deshmukh said, \"Imran and I decided to part ways because his role didn't shape up well. I couldn't re-shoot the scenes with Imran that were shot on the ISBT bridge and in Pahadganj in Delhi. Those were tough location to shoot in. And we couldn't obtain permission again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13044462", "title": "They may lack sight, but have creative vision", "text": "They cannot see but understand that the world around them is fast turning trendy. And so keeping pace with the times, they have presented their hand-made 'designer' works at an interior fashion week exhibition, in Sector 5, Panchkula. Students of a blind institute in Ludhiana have made nifty vases, pen-holders and other showpieces which can make your house look cool and contemporary.\"Each article takes us around 20 days to make. Our teachers show us designer items and then we feel them with our hands to figure out what they exactly are. When the world is going designer, why should we lag behind and stick to just making simple things,\" said Harnoor Singh, 14, one of the visually impaired students who has made an imaginative vase made of pearls. These students undergo a four-year training at their institute.\"When everything is going designer then why not shagun envelops which are often used at various occasions. Rather than using boring paper, we have made shagun envelops using beads, to make them look attractive. What's more if you give it to someone, the person is likely to keep the envelop because of its look,\" smiled Ranjit, one of the children, who has done artistic bead-work on hand-made shagun envelops to give it a contemporary look.These youngsters have come to Panchkula from Ludhiana to showcase their work for the first time. \"Usually everyone feels that a child with such a handicap would make simple things like wax candles or toys but we want to tell the world that even we are not lagging behind and can go designer like everyone else,\"adds Harnoor.\"It was a bit tough for me to learn making designer things as there are a lot of complexities involved, especially so when it is handmade. But our hard work has borne fruit as there are so many people who are finding the work better than what is available in the market,\" said Deep, another student.And people too were charmed by their effort. \"The work is really amazing and is more eye-catching than what is available in the market,\" said Vidhu Sharma of Sector 12, Panchkula.These studenst are displaying their work at an ongoing fashion exhibition. Various things including accessories like bracelets and earrings from Thailand made from shells have also been displayed at the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043758", "title": "Auto unions threaten strike from tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the Delhi government struggles to implement its ambitious GPS scheme two years after it hiked fares of three wheeled scooter rickshaws (TSRs), unions are asking for a fare revision. Different autorickshaw unions have called for a strike on May 9 and 19, demanding the allotment of the new 45,000 permits given the green signal by the Supreme Court, as well as a fare hike.Rajender Soni, a union leader, said \"The government has been talking about the new permits for a long time but hasn't done anything six months after the decision came out.\"However, Soni, who had refused the government's proposal last year to install the GPS devices on autos on subsidized monthly installments, now says that the GPS device needs to be completely bankrolled by the government. That's not all. \"The last fare hike was two years ago and prices have gone up substantially since then. With CNG prices up, the fares need to be hiked to make it possible for autorickshaw drivers to survive.\"Seconding Soni is Kishan Verma of Bharatiya Majdoor Sangh, a rival union. \"Prices have been hiked in Mumbai also, so why not in Delhi? Spare parts of CNG vehicles is very expensive and the rising costs have made making a living in Delhi very difficult for drivers,\" says Verma. To push their agendas, both union leaders have threatened to go on strike. While Soni has called for a strike on May 9, Verma says that if their demands are not met, autorickshaw drivers in his union will go on strike on May 19.Asked why the unions were asking for a fare revision when GPS devices, part of the hike in 2010, had not been implemented by them , Soni said that the government's \"unreasonably\" high rate for the device had held up the scheme. \"We had told the government that we would install the GPS if the rates are revised, especially as market rates are much cheaper. But nothing was done.\" According to Soni, even Rs 625 per month as rental for the GPS device, offered by the government, is too high.Sources said that the transport minister, Arvinder Singh, will now meet the unions on Tuesday to \"discuss\" the demands. Said the official, \"The new permits will certainly be on the agenda. But a fare revision will be difficult to implement right now as assembly elections are due next year, and any hike will anger voters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13048369", "title": "DU' s South Campus, 37 other locations to get CCTV cameras", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's South Campus will soon come under the CCTV surveillance system of the city police. Thirty seven other locations in the Capital will also be covered under the system by September.The locations which have been identified on the basis of 'risk assessment and vulnerability' include marketsroads around Jama Masjid, Model Town, Kalindi Kunj, Munirka, DND Flyover, North Avenue, South Avenue, Bhagirath Place, Nabi Karim, Tank Road, INA Market and Netaji Subhash Place among others.\"Installation of CCTV surveillance system at 38 locations is being undertaken by Delhi Police through ECIL. As per agreement, the installation is to be completed at all these places within 150 days\", said a home ministry official.Clearance for locations such as South Campus and Jama Masjid assumes significance in view of vulnerability of these places as reflected by rape and abduction incident near Dhaula Kuan in 2010 and shoot-out and blast near Jama Masjid in the same year before the Commonwealth Games.Absence of CCTVs had posed problem during investigation in both the cases.The other locations identified for installations of the CCTV surveillance system in the list of 38 includes market at Azadpur Fruit Mandi, Guru Teg Bahadur Nagar near Mukherjee Nagar, Sanjay Gandhi Transport Nagar, Rohini Sector 7 &amp; 8, Kashmere Gate, Kamla Nagar, Lajpat Rai Market, Dwarka Sector 4 and 5, A Block Defence Colony, Bhogal, Pul Pehladpur, New Friends Colony, Krishna Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, Gandhi Nagar and C-Block Preet Vihar.The list includes border check posts as well. These are: Auchandi Border, Aya Nagar Border, Chilla Border, Loni Border and Bhopura Border. At present, the Capital has this system functional at 26 market places and five border check posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042485", "title": "Speeding car hits auto, bike, leaves 6 injured", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman and her two-year-old daughter riding pillion on a motorbike were among the six persons who sustained injuries after a speeding car dashed into an autorickshaw and a two-wheeler at Mira Road on Sunday. The white-colour car carried the sticker of a political party and the word 'corporator' on its rear windshield.The car is said to belong to the notorious Patel gang of the Kashimira area. The car is believed to have been driven by the son of one of the Patel brothers, whose name has not been disclosed by the Navghar police in Bhayander (east), with whom a complaint has been registered.According to eyewitnesses, the speeding car banged into an autorickshaw, which then hit a motorbike near the old petrol pump on the Mira-Bhayander Road. Auto driver Sanjay Somule and passenger Jyoti sustained minor injuries. Members of the family riding the two-wheeler (Javed, his wife Meher and their two kids) also sustained minor injuries. They are being treated at Tunga Hospital.Eyewitnesses said three of the occupants of the car fled after the accident. The driver of the car, whose name has not been disclosed by the police, was let off after his statement was recorded. The vehicle was seized by the police.In another accident, a police constable attached to the Mira Road police station was killed after the SUV in which he was traveling hit a trailer on the Mumbai-Nashik highway at Bhiwandi on Sunday.Constable Kiran Sanap (23), along with four other police constables, Pradeep Thakur (22), Prashant Vispute (28), Vijay Gaikwad (31) and Javed Mulla (23), all attached to the Mira Road police station, were returning from a trip to Shirdi in Nashik. They had left for a private visit to the temple town on Saturday and had hired the car for the duration of the trip.At Bhiwandi, the car crashed into a trailer. Sanap died on the spot, while the other constables sustained minor injuries. They are being treated at a local hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13044041", "title": "Vadodara Municipal Corporation demolition squad stoned on Ajwa Road", "text": "VADODARA: Stones were pelted on a team of Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC), which had gone on a demolition drive on Ajwa Road in the city along with the city police personnel on Monday morning. Three persons working for the demolition team were injured in the incident.The VMC teams had gone to a vacant plot of land near Saujanya Park on Ajwa Road to take possession of a plot deducted from the original larger land area as part of the town-planning scheme. A road was also to be laid in the area as part of the scheme.In-charge director of security and encroachment removal at VMC Dr Mangesh Jaiswal said that most persons in the locality had removed their belongings barring a couple of them. \"There were six houses and 10 enclosures made with fencing and compound walls in the locality. While most people were willing to cooperate, some elements instigated them and resisted the drive,\" Jaiswal said.After initial resistance, work was started at the place by the civic body. But soon a mob came there and started pelting stones on the VMC team and police. A driver of a JCB machine, a worker and the cameraman of a local cable news broadcast were injured in the melee. A member of the Bharwad community who was present at the spot was also injured. Window panes of the JCB machines and a van used by the VMC staff too were damaged in the stone-pelting incident.Police reinforcements were called and the situation was brought under control. VMC also brought in more JCB machines and started work aggressively. The plot was cleared by late afternoon.An offence was registered at the Kishanwadi police station regarding the incident. Police also seized motorcycles that were spotted unclaimed at the spot where the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047292", "title": "Delhi Belly goes to China", "text": "Last year, Imran Khan starrer and Abhinay Deo directed film Delhi Belly created a new genre in Indian cinema - the outrageous. Interestingly, it's also created a new high at the box office in India and abroad.And now, the successful production is ready to rule the Chinese market. After 3 Idiots, My Name Is Khan and Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara, Delhi Belly will be the fourth Indian film to hit the Hong Kong theatres.What's more, the film will not be released in the country with mere subtitles. To tap the Chinese market to it's optimum potential, the filmmakers have dubbed the film in Cantonese. It will hit the Hong Kong theatres on May 10.The Chinese market has so far only seen fims starring the Khans - Aamir and Shah Rukh. Hrithik Roshan's Zindagi... was the other one. This will also be Imran's first tryst with China.When contacted, Amrita Pandey, Senior Vice President, International Distribution and Syndication, UTV Motion Pictures said, \"Hong Kong has a large young local and expat population. Delhi Belly has done good business in cities like London , Singapore , Dubai , New York , Sydney and Melbourne . We hope it resonates with the audience in Hong Kong as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13044653", "title": "Right to Education Act: Teachers finding it tough to survive", "text": "With only few days left for the schools to adhere to the norms of the Right to Education Act, the teaching fraternity is rather apprehensive. Brought in for providing free and compulsory education to all, the Act with many dos and don'ts for teachers seems to have rubbed them the wrong way. So much so that many who have come to the field out of sheer passion for the profession are contemplating quitting.Teachers say that the strict rules governing punishment may deter them from delivering their duties in the desired way. \"You scold a child and you may find yourself behind the bars. Under such tremendous pressure, how are we supposed to teach children? I started working as front office executive at an MNC, but left the job and joined this profession to pay tribute to my teacher. I have joined this profession 13 years ago, but the road ahead seems very rough now,\" said Rachna Jayasimha, teacher, Cambridge Public School.Schools said they already face a dearth of teachers. \"Many teachers in my school as well as in other schools are thinking of resigning. Nobody wants to work under such pressure. There is already a shortage of good teachers. Once the Act is implemented, the situation is going to be difficult for us. There will be atrocity cases filed against teachers even if they question a child about his or her home work. Why will children study on their own when they know that they will be promoted to the next class? How will a teacher handle such a situation?\" said KP Gopalkrishna, chairman and founder principal, National Public Schools.Adding to the woes is the responsibility given to the teachers to provide age-appropriate training to children, the maximum duration for which has been fixed as two years.\"Training a child within two years, who has never been to a school and has been taken in higher classes, will be a daunting task,'' said Rachna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043836", "title": "Playgrounds for kids: Schools evasive, RWAs back move", "text": "NEW DELHI: The proposal to open school playgrounds to neighbourhood children has drawn varied reactions from schools. Though school principals concede it's a good idea, keeping in mind the lack of open play space in the city, they argue that it needs to be more systematic and organized.Ashutosh Batta, principal, Bloom Public School, says it's a good move, but there are major concerns that come with it. \"Issues like security of the building and supervision of the children need to be considered. With children coming in after school, we will also have to organize facilities like toilets and drinking water for them. Schools also invest a lot of money in state of the art equipment, and for the general upkeep of these facilities,\" he says.The proposal was issued to the urban development ministry by sports minister Ajay Maken and requests the government to make provision for mandatory use of school playfields by local children in an area of up to 3km during non-school hours. The proposal applies to schools whose playground land has been allotted by the DDA at a concessional rate.\"The move can work well for grounds that are lying vacant, but there needs to be a system in place. You cannot just throw open the grounds to anyone and everyone. We already have various activities like football , cricket, and volleyball, and many children play in our grounds by being members,\" says Usha Ram, principal, Laxman Public School.It has been proposed to allow local children to enter the grounds from an outside gate, so as to not violate the school's trespassing concerns, but many are apprehensive about its practicability. \"Many schools' architecture may not allow for two separate entries,\" says Batta.Lata Vaidyanathan, principal of a leading city school, also questions how one can access the school grounds without passing school property.\"Even if there is such a mechanism, the kind of games, monitoring of the child, age groups of children coming in to play, first aid facilities, and safety of school property are also important factors. They have to ensure they send adequate security and coaches, as school staff cannot be a part of it,\" adds Vaidyanathan.Suman Kumar, principal, Bluebells School, says the school is always open to the community, as there is little open space for children here. Taking the proposal a step further, she adds she would love it if the school also had access to a hockey ground or a cricket ground, but she admits the proposal needs work.\"Nobody has an issue with land use, but coaches, sports facilities, and other modalities need to be worked out so that we can have a debate,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043148", "title": "Teacher held for not returning answersheets", "text": "PUNE: A guest lecturer at the College of Agriculture, Pune, was arrested by the Shivajinagar police on Sunday for allegedly failing to return 85 answersheets that he had taken for evaluation.The answersheets were for the first semester examination of Masters of Business Management, Agriculture (MBM Agri) course.The police have identified the lecturer as Laxmikant Deshmukh, who was sent to police custody remand for two days by a magisterial court on Monday.Senior police inspector Pandharinath Patil of the Shivajinagar police station said that Deshmukh was arrested for allegedly committing an offence of criminal breach of trust under section 406 of the Indian Penal Code on a complaint registered by Pandurang Shendge (48), the professor in-charge of the MBM (Agri) course.Patil said that Deshmukh was taken into custody from Aurangabad after his cell phone calls were traced. He said that the Deshmukh's custodial interrogation is essential for recovering the answersheets. The college has been unable to declare the results for the first semester examination of MBM (Agri) course, because of the missing answersheets.The police said, Deshmukh, a representative of the United Crop Care Private Limited, is a resident of Harshal Park apartment in Karvenagar. He was hired as a guest lecturer by the College of Agriculture, Pune. He gave lectures to MBM (Agri) students between October 18 and December 7, 2011. Deshmukh was asked to evaluate the answersheets of the first semester examination for the paper ABM 507. He was told to collect 85 answersheets on January 22, this year, and was to evaluate and return them by January 31. Though he collected the answersheets on January 29, he never returned them. College officials tried to contact Deshmukh on his phone, by email, at his workplace and at his residence. They also sent letters to his native place in Aurangabad. But all efforts to trace him had proved futile. Since the answersheets given to him were not available on time, the college was unable to declare the result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043143", "title": "Secretariat visit throws traffic out of gear", "text": "KOLKATA: Hillary Clinton's visit to the state secretariat Writers' Buildings on Monday left traffic, mainly in central and north Kolkata, chaotic. Roads, taken by the entourage of the US secretary of state, were completely sanitized.Vehicles were not allowed to move along AJC Bose Road and Theatre Road. Later, when Hillary went to Writers', Red Road was made out of bounds.The road in front of Writers' Buildings was closed at both ends since morning. The buses that terminate in BBD Bag were routed further down through the NS Road to make a circular trip around Writers' before entering the terminus.One flank of the road in front of the GPO was also out of bounds since morning. To ensure utmost security, police prohibited people from walking on the Lyons Range side of Writers'. Employees of the state secretariat were not spared either. They were given special passes and their entry restricted through certain gates only.even on the side of Writers' Buildings at the Lyons Range side. Employees were given special passes and were restricted through certain gates only.Chief secretary Samar Ghosh had, in fact, issued a note asking all additional chief secretaries, principal secretaries and secretaries, to use Gate No. 6 towards Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Monday to enter the state secretariat. Ministers were also asked to follow suit. had also been asked to do the same.Ghosh and finance minister Amit Mitra were was among the first to arrive at Writers' on Monday., as well as finance minister Amit Mitra.By 9.30am, then came Chief minister's secretary Gautam Sanyal and home secretary Basudeb Banerjee arrived by 9.30am. All this was by 9.30am.While Mamata Banerjee entered Writers' at 10.16am, the other ministers arrived much later. - including cooperation minister HA Sawfi, labour minister Purnendu Chatterjee, law minister Moloy Ghatak and PWD minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar. Many secretaries also came in around this time.Writers' employees had to walk quite a bit to enter their workplaces. They had to leave their vehicles near the GPO and walk that stretch to enter building.On Monday, roads, which were taken by the entourage of Hillary Clinton, were completely sanitized. Normal traffic was not allowed to move along AJC Bose Road and Theatre Road and later AJC Bose Road and Red Road for her movement to Writers' Building.Traffic situation remained the same when Hillary was on her way to the airport. Same was the situation on her return trip to the airport.Roads like BB Ganguly Street, Central Avenue, Vivekanda Road, Maniktala Main Road, CIT Road and VIP Road were closed, throwing traffic out of gear. out of bound for other traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13042674", "title": "Youth booked for raping minor cousin in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Police have registered an offence against a 20-year-old youth on charges of raping his 14-year-old relative on May 3 at Simrol village, some 40 km from here, when the victim's parents had gone out to visit a relative in the same village. Police said that victim's cousin sister, who is also a minor, allegedly helped the accused in the crime.The Simrol police also registered an offence against the victim's cousin sister and a friend of the accused in the case. Simrol police station in-charge Ajit Kumar Patel said the incident took place on May 3 when the parents of both victim and accused were not at home.The accused identified as Sandeep frequents the house of the victim. At that night, the victim and her two sisters were sleeping outside their house following a power cut in the area.Their parents went to another house in the village at the time of the incident, Patel said. While they were sleeping, her cousin sister, who is of the same age came to the victim and asked her to escort to take drinking water from the house. Unaware of the ulterior motives of her cousin, the victim accompanied her. The cousin sister suddenly pushed the victim into a room and locked the door from outside. Police said that two youths identified as Sandeep and Hiralal were already waiting in the room. Patel said that Sandeep allegedly raped the girl.When she was screaming for help, neighbours rushed to the house in order to know what was going on there. Smelling danger, the accused managed to flee the spot.When the parents of the victim returned home, they were informed about the incident. They soon lodged a complaint with Simrol police. The girl was sent for a medical examination, which reportedly confirmed rape. Based on the medical report, the police registered an offence under Section 376 of the IPC against Sandeep. The victim's cousin sister and Hiralal were booked under Section 34 (common intention) of the IPC. Sandeep is yet to be nabbed and a manhunt for him has already been launched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044364", "title": "Supreme Court grants bail to Naxal leader Narayan Sanyal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday granted bail to Naxal leader Narayan Sanyal (78) more than a year after it had ordered release of Dr Binayak Sen in the sedition case in which both were convicted by a Raipur court in Chhattisgarh.If the mindless violence, kidnappings and killings in Naxal infested areas were taken note of by the apex court, it also factored in grant of bail to Dr Sen (61), whose conviction and rejection of bail plea by Chhattisgarh High Court had created a frenetic coverage and debate in media. An observer team from the European Union had attended the HC and SC hearings on Dr Sen's bail plea.Though the Chhattisgarh government argued that there was no parity between Sen and Sanyal, a bench of Justice G S Singhvi and Justice S J Mukhopadhay said: \"We will not comment on any earlier order passed by this court. Some people get publicity and some do not. How can we act differently?\"\"Merely because some one travels to the Supreme Court he jumps queue. It is absolutely unfair because so many others are waiting in the queue,\" the bench said while granting bail to Sanyal, who was asked to furnish a bail bond of Rs 1 lakh. Dr Sen was granted bail on April 15, 2011, by the SC.The bench also noted Sanyal's counsel Nitya Ramakrishnan's argument that the septuagenarian had already undergone a six-year imprisonment, which was more than half of the punishment awarded to him by the trial court.Chhattisgarh's counsel, senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi showed a series of crimes in which Sanyal was accused and said he was a member of the core committee of the Maoist organization responsible for hundreds of killings, kidnappings, including the Sukma collector and BJD MLA in Odisha, and alleged that the basic ideology of the banned outfit was overthrowing democratically elected governments.The bench asked Chhattisgarh to show if Sanyal were accused of any heinous crime warranting rejection of his bail plea and said mere propagation of ideology which is not palatable to majority might not be a good ground to deny the man parity in law.It suggested the government to introspect on broader issues spurring the discontent in tribal and rural areas. \"We are not commenting but some day some one has to make a comparison between the money spent in urban areas and the tribal areas. How have we treated the tribes for last 60 years? How their basic rights have been violated? Otherwise, why should some one take up arms? No court can possibly solve societal problems. It is for the state to find solutions,\" said the bench of Justices Singhvi and Mukhopadhaya.Dr Sen's petition challenging his conviction in the sedition case was still pending in the HC. A trial court had on December 24, 2010, convicted Dr Sen and three others, including Sanyal, guilty of treason and for waging war against the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "rajkot/ahmedabad", "code": "13043669", "title": "Jewellers welcome rollback", "text": "RAJKOT/AHMEDABAD: Jewellers in the state breathed a sigh of relief as finance minister Pranab Mukherjee withdrew the levy on branded and un-branded jewelry. The announcement in made by Mukherjee in Parliament is likely to bring down gold prices marginally.Jewellers in the state were on a 21-day strike from March, 17 2012 demanding roll back of the excise duty in question. The jewelers resumed operations only after meeting finance minister who gave them assurances for roll back.Bhayabhai Shahodiya, president of Rajkot Gold Dealers Association said that the roll back is great relief for more than 1.50 lakh people including jewelers and workforce associated with this business.Prabhudash Parekh of Shilpa Jewelers said that the rollback would benefit both jewelers as well as customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13043088", "title": "Cracks resurface in Congress", "text": "BANGALORE: The gusto in the Congress, visible immediately after AICC president Sonia Gandhi gave state leaders a pep talk, has evaporated. The rift is back, after the 60-member additional list of KPCC office-bearers was released over the weekend.Though intended to correct regional and caste-wise imbalances in the initial list, the list has only opened up a Pandora's box of the party's problems in Karnataka. According to Congress sources, it has once again failed to do justice to some loyal members; there is no adequate representation to Lingayats and Vokkaligas, and in one or two cases, those who ought to have been elevated have been demoted.Vokkaliga and Lingayat leaders are planning separate delegations to meet the party leadership in New Delhi shortly, while former MLC Prakash K Rathod, representing the Lambani community, met leaders in the capital to apprise them of the short shrift given to his people. In his petition, Rathod said the BJP government had taken advantage of this negligence toward the Lambanis. Of the eight tickets given to Lambanis in the 2008 assembly elections by the BJP, seven won, and one of them, Revu Naik Belamagi, was made a minister. A statutory board for the uplift of the community had been constituted, and a sum of Rs 100 crore earmarked for the purpose.Sources blamed the state leadership as the appointments are done in consultation with them. \"The Congress office in Karnataka functions like a corporate office. Any nomination made should fetch dividends and result in grooming of a second line of leadership,'' sources said.ISSUES DOG HIGH COMMANDThese and a plethora of other issues dogging the party's prospects are expected to be taken up by several delegations that will meet the high command shortly. Party workers are also upset that the four Union ministers from Karnataka, who were given the responsibility of looking after districts under the four divisions, are not serious about it.A senior party leader expressed concern that nothing was being done to take in members from the BJP or JD(S), who were keen to join. \"Most of them are now joining Independent MLA B Sriramulu's yet to be launched party,'' he added.KPCC president G Parameshwara said everybody cannot be pleased. \"Even if you make 500 nominations, there will be dissatisfaction. Besides, members cannot be admitted based on my decision, as the high command and local workers have to be consulted,'' he added.\"I have lined up sitting MLAs and former MPs who want to join the Congress. There is a process involved. In the last elections, we gave 35 tickets to those who joined from other parties, and only seven or eight won,'' Parameshwara said.Rahul comingAICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi is expected to visit Karnataka on May 28 and 29. The national executive committee meeting of the Youth Congress has been scheduled in the state and Hubli is to be the likely venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047478", "title": "SSC result: School fails 150 students to \u2018engineer\u2019 100% result", "text": "A Byculla school has failed half of its Std IX students, ostensibly because it feared that they would perform poorly in Std X board exams and spoil the school's overall result.The failed pupils' upset parents have now threatened to launch a protest if Antonio De Souza High School or education authorities don't take corrective action. They have already approached National Students' Union of India (NSUI).The school conducted exams for its 300 Std IX students in March, and issued report cards on May 1. \"My son, Gulam, has been failed in mathematics and science; he has been given three marks out of 80 in both the subjects. He may be weak in studies, but he is not that bad,\" said a parent, Shagufta Shafi.Gulam is among 150 students to have been failed in one or more subjects out of the total nine. They will have to repeat the year. \"Most children in his class have been given less than 10 marks in at least one paper. The school has done this deliberately to make sure that only students they consider bright move to Std X,\" Shafi claimed.The parents have also alleged that the school didn't show evaluated answer sheets to 70 per cent of the students after declaring the results. According to rules of the State Education Department it is mandatory for all institutes to show answer books.A group of more than 75 parents went to the office of the education inspector for south zone on Monday to discuss the issue, but the official was away. They have been given an appointment for Wednesday.The father of a failed student alleged that all such pupils had been asked to leave the school. \"The management cannot fail children from Std I to VIII because of the Right to Education Act. It has declared poor results, so it can get rid of weak students and maintain its pass rate results in SSC exams,\" he said.Another parent blamed the quality of teaching. \"If so many children have failed, it clearly means that teachers didn't do their job properly,\" she said. \"My son has told me that teachers used to dictate math lessons instead of making students practise formulas. The management turned a blind eye to this, and when the overall result seemed to be dipping, they simply decided to weed out struggling kids.\"The school principal Denzil Fernandes, was not available for a comment. Heena Kanojia, the president of NSUI's Mumbai unit, said that she had sent a letter to the education inspector and demanded an inquiry. \"I have not heard of such mass failure before. We will stage a protest if no action is taken soon,\" she said.Kanojia added that Fernandes had stamped, and not signed, report cards. \"This is a violation of rules,\" she said. Deputy Education Inspector M K Thite said that the department had received NSUI's letter. \"Parents have also approached us. We will meet the principal and conduct an inquiry,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047616", "title": "KM Madhu teases five more CBI sequels", "text": "CBI Sethuram Iyer will be back. Yes , for the fifth time the sharpest sleuth in the south played by Mammootty has been given the green signal to grace the silver screen. Similar to the previous four flicks in the series, this film will also be helmed by K Madhu, who is currently busy with the pre-production of another thriller Banking Hours 10 to 4.On his rekindled interest for the yet-to-be-titled fivequel, the director says, \"Our Malayalam audience have always loved the iconic character of Sethuram Iyer and Mammootty can pull it off.\"The expected date of filming for the flick is yet to be fixed, says Madhu, adding that Mammootty will decide it as per his schedule.The plans for the fifth instalment in the investigative thriller series comes after seven years since the last flick Nerariyan CBI. The large gap between the flick might prove to be boon here as the second and third flicks were released had 15 years between them with the latter being the highest grosser in the franchise.On the cast of the flick, Madhu informs that Mukesh who plays the sleuth's associate Chacko will return to reprise his role.While the CBI series is already the longest running franchise in Mollywood, the director informs that he has no plans to end the iconic character or the series. Instead, he quips, \"Why should it end? I am thinking for bringing five more case files out before I even think of ending.\"Hope this one doesn't turn out to be an overkill like the previous film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13042075", "title": "Constable shoots neighbour with service revolver", "text": "AMRAVATI: A 50-year-old constable Rameshwar Makode, attached to Paratwada police station, shot his neighbour by his service revolver at Kandali village, around 10km from Paratwada, on Monday morning.On Monday morning, Makode returned home after finishing night duty. Around 9am a scuffle broke out between Makode and his neighbour Israil Aziz Khan (50) which soon took an ugly turn and Makode in the fit of anger shot five rounds on Khan by his service SLR revolver. Of the five shots, three rounds passed through Khan's chest while two missed. Khan died on the spot, people on hearing the hullabaloo came out of home and informed police.Police rushed the spot and arrested Makode. It has been learnt that deceased khan was a drug peddler. Sources said that people were so peeved with the incident that they vented their ire by pelting stones over police vehicle carrying Makode.An offence was registered against Makode under relevant sections of IPC.Speaking to TOI, Paratwada police inspector Sachin Shinde said, \"We are yet to ascertain the exact reason behind the scuffle. However, Makode was drunk when the incident took place. He was caught while trying to flee from the place.\"Shinde however denied that people pelted stones on the police van.Superintendent of police Jaikumar rushed to Paratwada after learning about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042286", "title": "Rajasthan University teachers up against V-C", "text": "JAIPUR: Some sections of Rajasthan University teachers are raking up allegations and accusations against the vice chancellor BL Sharma as the new academic session is fast approaching.The latest addition is Rajasthan University Teachers Association (RUTA) which objected to the V-C's order on curtailing the summer holidays from eight weeks to six weeks starting from May 20.Agitated by the move, members of RUTA held a demonstration at V-C's office and warned him to withdraw the order or be prepared to face opposition from them on Monday. \"While other state universities have declared holidays for teachers, this order is against the existing system,\" said Jayant Singh, president of RUTA. Reacting to the move, V-C went to all constituent colleges and marked all the teachers who were protesting absent.The V-C office clarified the decision was taken in tune with the UGC guidelines for university teachers. \"Eight weeks of holidays are prescribed for the teachers in a year. Normally, teachers get a week-long break during Diwali and winter vacations, which we have compensated by curtailing the summer holidays,\" V-C office said.Some departments have officially complained to the higher education department and governor house against the V-C for not paying attention on the development. Many departments have not been allowed to use the funds granted to them by various funding agencies. A senior professor, requesting anonymity, said they have not been able to use a grant of Rs 12 crore lying with RU. They have repeatedly complained to the governor house but in vain.Frustrated over the situation, some senior professors went on a long leave to work with some reputed institutes. The Rajasthan University has a total of 900 sanctioned posts. Over the years, the strength has reduced to 390 and with every passing year, the number is shrinking. Ironically, the number of students has risen manifold. \"It has immensely increased the pressure on the existing staff, leaving them less time to devote to research work,\" said Rajeev Gupta, head of department, sociology. It is estimated that in the next ten years, RU will be left with less than 50 teachers as 90% of the existing staff is nearing retirement age.eomJaipur: Some sections of Rajasthan University teachers have opened a front against the vice chancellor BL Sharma. They are raking up allegations and accusations against him as the new academic session is approaching.The latest entrant is Rajasthan University Teachers Association (RUTA) that objected to the V-C's order curtailing the summer holidays from eight weeks to six weeks starting from May 20.Agitated by the move, the members RUTA hold demonstration at VC office and have warned the V-C office to roll back its order or face opposition from them on Monday. \"At a time when other state universities have declared holiday for teachers, this order is against the existing system,\" Jayant Singh, president of RUTA. Reacting on the move, VC went to all constituent colleges and marked absent on teachers who were protesting.The V-C office has cleared that the decision was taken in tune with the UGC guidelines for university teachers. \"A total of 8 weeks holiday prescribed for the teachers in a year. Normally teachers gets a week holiday each during Diwali and winter vacation, which we have compensated by curtailing the holiday,\" said VC office.Some departments have officially complaint to higher education department and governor house against the V-C for not paying attention on the development. Many departments have not been allowed to use the funds granted to them by various funding agencies. A senior professor requesting anonymity said that they had not been able to use a grant of Rs 12 crores lying with RU. They have repeatedly complaint to the governor house but in vain.Frustrated over the situation, some senior professor went on long leave to work with reputed institutes. The Rajasthan University has a total of 900 sanctioned posts. Over the years, the strength has reduced to 390 and with every passing year they are shrinking. Ironically, the number of students is risen manifold. \"It has immensely increased the pressure on the existing staff leaving with less time to devout on research work,\" said Gupta. It is estimated in next ten years that RU will be left with less than 50 teachers as 90% of the existing staff is nearing retirement age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13043043", "title": "Ailing river, sinking fortunes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Once considered as an agent of salvation and lifeline of Lucknow, Gomti today is neither sacred nor clean. And instead of attaining complete divine freedom, one may contract disease, if not serious ailments, just by stepping into its shallow waters.According to Hindu mythology the river is the daughter of Sage Vashist, and bathing in the waters of Gomti on Ekadashi (the eleventh day of the Hindu calendar) can wash away one's sins. Gomti is also considered as one of the many transcendental rivers in India.However, all is certainly not well with the river. And it is not just pollution, which has been killing the river gradually, but also indiscriminate encroachments of its banks have left Gomti in a state of complete disarray. And, the newly elected Samajwadi Party government faces an uphill task of reviving the ailing river.A beginning, though, has been made with a high-level committee headed by UP chief secretary Javed Usmani chalking out a plan to reclaim Gomti's lost banks. The ambitious plan aims to reclaim at least 50 hectare of the land along the 12-kilometre stretch of river that flows through the state capital. The state government claims of getting a hydro-geological study conducted of the banks. Usmani at a recent meeting had said that the project of the \"highest priority\" will be planned keeping in mind the location of temples and other religious structures on the banks.This is not the first time that the ailing river has attracted the state government's attention. After all it is the question of a river that runs right through the middle of a city, which is the capital of country's most populous state. It could have been Seine or Thames of Lucknow. But, it is no where even near that. From a lifeline, it has been reduced to a narrow stream at most of the places, thanks to callousness and negligence - both from the successive governments and citizens of Lucknow.With 22 km of river front in the middle of the city, Gomti could also have been utilised to attract tourists. But, all the efforts in this direction have either been symbolic or ill-planned. Result: We still don't have any concrete endeavour to develop the entire stretch. Whatever has been done, so far has been done only in bits and pieces.It was during the tenure of Atal Bihari Vajpayee as Lucknow MP that the Gomti front was first spotted to be developed as a tourist spot. Before that we just had Shaheed Smarak, where tourists could enjoy boating and locals hang themselves in the evening. But, plans launched by the then BJP government's urban development minister Lalji Tandon remained a non-starter.Then in 2005, Azam Khan , the urban development minister in SP government, tried to give the plan a more concrete shape. So, cameras clicked and reporters jostled to get a sound byte from Khan, when he laid the foundation stone of the Gomti Bank Beautification Project. Almost seven years down the line, the very foundation of the foundation stone stands neglected in a remote corner of Bandha Road between Hanuman Setu and Nishatganj Bridge.\"It is like digging our own grave,\" said former director of Geological Survey of India (GSI), Vijay Kumar Joshi. He said that the river is being fed from the ground and then it recharges the ground water. It is like give and take mechanism,'' he said. But the alarming rate of pollution and encroachment along the river banks has dented the river,'' he said.The coming up of 345 MLD sewage treatment plant (STP) did raise some hope. \"But, the problem will continue until all the culverts of the city are connected to the STP,\" said environmentalist and former professor of Lucknow university, Indra Bir Singh. \"Even a kid knows that Gomti is polluted. Just speaking about it won't solve the problem,\" he said. \"It is the question of stopping dumping of organic matter into the river,\" he said.Green Suggestion For Clean GomtiBan dumping of organic matter into the river - be it flower or garbage. It pollutes the river, decreases the oxygen levels and eventually kills fishes.Act fast against the encroachers along the river. The encroachment hinders recharge of river bed as well as the ground water.Ensure that the river has a necessary flow. Gomti is one of the few rivers that has its origin from a lake in Pilibhit. There are many such lakes, which can be resurrected to see that the river gets enough flow.Check dams should be constructed, so that the river has enough water and depth.Connected tributaries should also be taken care of. Small size sewage treatment plants (STPs) be installed in these tributaries.times news networkIf plans framed in the past were ever adhered to, then river Gomti would have been the USP of the City of Nawabs. The script to revive the ailing river was laid more than a decade back during the tenure of former Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee , who was also the MP from Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "13043698", "title": "Row over Congress MP\u2019s \u2018unholy\u2019 campaign", "text": "TIRUPATI: Congress MP Chinta Mohan's campaign in support of party candidate M Venkata Ramana in the TTD administrative building here on Monday kicked up a row. Though the MP contended that he did not violate the model election code, the matter has been referred to the notice of the Election Commission .Mohan along with his followers went around the TTD building around 11 am seeking votes from the employees. The vigilance officials tried to stop the MP citing security reasons but he did not budge .\"We don't know why the vigilance officials had tried to stop our MP. Our workers did not shout slogans in support of the candidate while canvassing for him inside the building,\" Naveen Kumar Reddy, PCC joint secretary, pointed out. On his part, Chinta Mohan argued that even TTD rules do not bar him from campaigning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13044037", "title": "Killer car orphans kids", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In yet another hit-and-run case, a couple was killed and their nine-year old daughter injured when a speeding unidentified car rammed into their two-wheeler in Sector 40 on Sunday night. The deceased have been identified as Ashok Kumar , 40, and his wife, Santosh Devi, 35. The incident took place at around 9.45pm. While Ashok was declared brought dead at PGI, Santoshsuccumbed to her injuries on Monday. Their daughter, Muskan, who was hurt in the accident has been discharged from Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16. The couple leaves behind Muskan and a son, Munish, 12.The incident took place when they were returning after supplying tiffins to some paying guests in Sector 40. Police said the incident came to light when a passer-by informed the police control room,.Ashwani Kumar, elder brother of Ashok said, \"Ashok was a scooter mechanic and were living in a rented accommodation in Sector 40.\"Sources said the broken parts of car, which were recovered from the spot, indicated that the four-wheeler was a Swift. Inspector Charanjeet Singh, SHO of the police station in Sector 39, said efforts are being made to trace the car and also locate some of the witnesses. Sources claimed a car bearing a Punjab registration number that was roaming around in the area could have been involved in the accident.The bodies were handed over to their family after postmortem in PGI on Monday. A case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "13045115", "title": "Teacher's 'misbehaviour' with girl student sparks brawl", "text": "KARNAL: Alleged misbehaviour by a school teacher with a girl student sparked a major brawl in Mohdinpur village of the district on Monday, as villagers went on rampage, destroying police vehicles and making school teachers run for their lives.The issue came to the fore when a girl, studying in class 8, reportedly told parents that a teacher had misbehaved with her, which had sexual undertones. Following this, parents of the girl, along with a large number of villagers, reached the school and started thrashing the teacher. Later, they locked him up in a room in the school and held a meeting to decide the next course of action.As other teachers of the school objected to highhandedness by villagers, the latter reportedly started beating up these teachers, who had run for their lives. The villagers alleged that the teacher had summoned the girl while he was checking some answer sheets in a school room and misbehaved with her.Even as police officials reached the village to pacify the mob, villagers turned against them and made them flee the village. Later, some village elders convinced the residents to hand over the teacher to police. Accordingly the cops took the teacher into custody and took him to Karnal police station.Police said that in view of the gravity of the situation, they had rounded up the teacher and the matter was being investigated. If the allegations against the teacher by the villagers were found correct, a case would be registered against him, they said.Village sarpanch Ram Singh said that the girl had told her mother about the advances being made by the teacher. It was not acceptable to the villagers that a teacher would make advances towards girl students of the village, he said.Police had not registered any case against the teacher till filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13043065", "title": "Temple bone of contention in highway widening work", "text": "NASHIK: While road widening work on the Mumbai-Agra national highway is underway on the stretch between Gonde to Pimpalgaon, the issue of shifting the Bali Mandir has still not been resolved, thereby reducing the pace of the work.The Bali Mandir stands in the middle of the road now. The national highway authority of India (NHAI) has issued a number of notices to the trustees of the temple, but the issue is yet to be resolved. As a result, speeding vehicles on the highway coming towards the city from the Ozar side have to reduce their speed and hit their brakes after sighting the temple. All the vehicles on the highway have to change the lane for a few meters to bypass the temple.Ever since work on the highway began, the location of the temple has been the focus of attention. The NHAI says it has issued a number of notices to the temple trust, but they are demanding money for relocating it. \"As it is the temple stands on government land. Now, the trustees are demanding money for relocating the temple elsewhere. According to reports, Larsen &amp; Toubro (L&T;), which has taken up the work of road widening of the stretch between Gonde and Pimpalgaon, has offered the trust a sum of Rs 15 lakh for setting up the temple at some other place. However, the trustees are demanding Rs 70 lakh for the same,\" said project director of the NHAI, Sriram Mishra.During the night hours, there is a possibility of fatal accidents due to the presence of the temple in the middle of the road, NHAI officials said.Meanwwhile, MP Pratapdada Sonawane, who is involved in the shifting of the temple elsewhere after the due rituals, said, \"The Bali Mandir is one of the oldest temples in Nashik and Nashikites have a lot of devotional attachment towards the temple. Even during the festival of Dussehra, a lot of people from Nashik visit this temple to pay obeisance. The temple is also said to have contributed towards the development of the city. So, it becomes our duty to ensure that the temple is carefully relocated to a new place. A few months back, the NMC commissioner had decided to give land for the temple. However, since the new commissioner has taken over now, we will once again have to initiate the talks. The responsibility of constructing the temple is, however, on the company working on the widening of the road.\"Meanwhile, while the road widening work is fast underway and is expected to be completed by the end of this year, NHAI officials said if there is no breakthrough in the talks, they will ask the district administration to intervene and get the temple shifted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043671", "title": "Delhi University sends wrong paper for semester exam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University possibly goofed up again on Monday. Students of BA (honours) courses were prepared to attempt the contemporary English paper in the second semester but were instead given the question papers for another credit course called individual and society. They were shocked, anxious and angry even as college officials ran up and down to figure out the next step.Students had to wait for up to two hours before the correct question paper could be delivered at all colleges. At some places, the exam began as late as 12 noon when it was scheduled to get over.\"It was our first exam on Monday. As soon as we got the paper, we realized that it was not our course. For half an hour after that, nobody seemed to know what was to be done. The exam finally started around 11am. We felt really let down as we had to waste so much time,\" said a BA (H) economics student at Shri Ram College of Commerce.While students of BA (H) English study individual and society, those pursuing other BA (honours) programmes take contemporary English as their language credit course. Though earlier it carried only 50 marks, the total marks have been increased to 100 from this time.In November last year, students writing a paper called 'reading Gandhi' were told midway through the exam that the paper would carry 75 marks instead of 50 and that they were to do one more question. Several students had left by then.Vinita Chandra, English faculty, Ramjas College, said they could start the exam only around 12 noon on Monday. \"The university faxed us a handwritten copy of the correct paper after which we had to make 400-500 photocopiesDifferent colleges got the correct paper at different times. Where was the secrecy?\" she questioned. The DU exam authority blamed the English department for giving the same code to two papers. \"The exam branch is only a facilitator and the paper is set and tagged by the department. They gave the same codes to both papers and the exam branch ended up picking the wrong one. We will order an inquiry,\" said a senior official.He added that the paper was handwritten as it was lying in the storage. \"At least the exam branch could salvage the situation by locating the paper and sending it to colleges within an hour and a half,\" said vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13044591", "title": "Urban local bodies will have 50% quota for women", "text": "BANGALORE: Half the seats in urban local bodies (ULBs) in Karnataka will be reserved for women.The state cabinet on Monday approved an amendment to the Karnataka Municipal Corporations Act, 1976, and Karnataka Municipalities Act, 1964, providing 50% reservation for women in ULBs, law minister S Suresh Kumar told reporters. Once this is gazetted, all city corporations, city municipal councils (CMCs), town municipal councils (TMCs) and town panchayats (TPs) will have 50% women members. Presently, women have 33% reservation in ULBs.The Karnataka government has already provided for 50% reservation for women in panchayats. Karnataka has nine city corporations, including the recently upgraded Tumkur. It has 205 other municipalities: 43 CMCs, 94 TMCs and 68 TPs.The reservation for women in urban local bodies will not only ensure their increased representation and participation, but also address mainstream gender concerns in governance and decision-making, particularly those related to women's issues, like water supply, sanitation, solid waste management, health and education.In November 2009, the Centre introduced a Constitution amendment bill (112th amendment) seeking 50% reservation for women in urban local bodies. Bihar , Himachal Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh have already implemented it, while many other states have supported it.Cabinet pushes for safe escalatorsThe Carlton tragedy in Bangalore has prompted the government to wake up and propose amendments to the Karnataka Lift Act 1974.The proposed Act will be called Karnataka LiftEscalators and Passenger Conveyers Act, 2012. \"We witnessed the Carlton tragedy. There have been several changes after the Act came into effect, and there have been violations too. Hence, the amendments,'' law minister S Suresh Kumar said after the cabinet meeting on Monday.Once the new Act comes into effect, only registered companies will be allowed to deal with lifts. Annual maintenance and supervision will be the responsibility of the firms, he added.OTHER DECISIONSPleas for pardon by serial killer and rapist BA Umesh Reddy and life convicts Razak and Jinnesab rejectedCM authorized to nominate members to the legislative councilNod to set up a centre for innovation and good governance in BangaloreApproval to call for expression of interest to develop 302 acres of land in Hesaraghatta on PPP model. This to set up a film city, theme park and golf resortTo start urban property ownership record project in Bangalore. There are 16 lakh assessed properties in the city. After UPOR, it will increase to 20-21 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043739", "title": "Right turns reserved for Bus rapid transit trial run", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) issued an advisory on Monday evening for the trial run that is to start on the Ambedkar Nagar BRT from May 12 to 17. The run is part of the court-ordered study of the 5.8km stretch that will allow vehicles to ply on the road, including the dedicated lane.It will allow for the change in movement of traffic pattern from 'Khanpur T-point to Siri Fort intersection.' According to the advisory, all straight and left turning traffic will travel on the extreme left and the lane adjacent to it, while the right turning traffic will travel on the next lane, during the course of the pilot study. However, the traffic on the BRT stretch from Siri Fort to Moolchand will continue to ply in the same manner.\"For the ease of commuters, the left and straight bound buses would ply on left on the left carriageway only, and the locations for temporary bus stops will be indicated through signages on the extreme left lanes, running parallel to the present bus shelters. For the right turning buses, the present bus shelters will be used. The right turning buses and general traffic would ply on the extreme right lane on both directions of the existing BRT lane,\" says the advisory.Looking at the influx of right turning traffic at the Chirag Dilli and Sheikh Sarai intersections, dedicated right turning lanes have been provided at these intersections.\"At Chirag Dilli intersection, one additional lane has been earmarked for right turning traffic from Sheikh Sarai to Nehru Place. Similarly, one additional right turning traffic lane has been provided at Sheikh Sarai intersection for right turning traffic from Chirag Dilli to Saket. Cyclists and other non-motorized vehicles will continue to use the existing cycle and pedestrian lane,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13043472", "title": "Cubbon Park traffic police station shifted", "text": "BANGALORE: The Cubbon Park traffic police station located on Broadway Road was on Monday shifted to a premises next to the Cubbon Park police station on Kasturba Road.\"The police station will now be closer to areas that come under it, including parts of CBD like MG Road, Brigade Road and Church Street. The new premises earlier housed senior police officers' quarters which was renovated to accommodate the traffic police station. Those who want to approach the traffic police station can park their vehicles in Cubbon Park as there is no parking space on the station premises,\" said BA Muthanna, DCP (traffic-west).The Broadway Road police station was located at another senior police officers' quarters, which was dilapidated as no repair work were undertaken in the old building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041798", "title": "Another dry day ahead for eastern suburbs", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of the eastern suburbs felt the pinch on Monday with a 100% water cut. Nahur, Vikhroli, Bhandup and Kanjurmarg were the areas that suffered the most. However, due to announcements made in advance, most citizens had saved water and managed to scrape through the day.A similar situation will prevail till 10am on Wednesday. On Tuesday, places that faced 100% cuts on Monday, will get little water at a low pressure for a few hours in the morning.Sandeep Bhatia, a resident of Nahur (W), said that the entire area of Village Road was affected. \"The first day was bad, but not unbearable as we had stored water. The real impact will be known on Tuesday,\" he said. \"There were some homes which faced a problem as they don't have storage capacity,\" he said.The civic body imposed a 100% cut in Nahur, Bhandup, Kanjurmarg and Vikhroli, 40% cut in Chembur, Ghatkopar and Mulund on Monday and Tuesday. The rest of the city faced a 20% cut. The cuts were announced as the BMC is connecting the newly laid 3,000-mm pipelines to the existing old trunk mains along the Eastern Express Highway from Airoli to Kannamwar Nagar. This is the second such water cut in the last fortnight. Parts of the eastern suburbs and the island city faced a 20% cut last week for two days.At Nehru Road in Mulund, the situation was similar. \"Most residents saved water. There was hardly a problem since we saved water but a lot of panic was created earlier. Many of us bought big drums to store water. But the overhead tanks were enough. We will know the impact on Tuesday,\" said housewife B N Sen.Residents of Kannamwar Nagar in Vikhroli made do with very little water. \"We suffered a lot. We had to buy several bottles of drinking water. It was difficult to even have a bath,\" said Prakash Ambekar.\"The work of the pipelines is in progress and we will finish it as soon as possible. We are likely to finish work by Tuesday and supply will be back to normal by Wednesday morning,\" said a hydraulic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13043196", "title": "All smiles on All-India Engineering Entrance Examination day 1", "text": "BANGALORE: Day 1 of the online mode of All-India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) left many candidates happy. It was a simple test, and the questions were straightforward or concept-based, which means no lengthy calculations or huge numbers for students to tackle.\"The paper was easy. There was an equal distribution of concept-based and formula-based questions in all sections. Most of the questions in the Physics section were straightforward and simple. Chemistry was slightly more on the conceptual side,\" said Chandrashekar TR, who appeared for the test at Reva Institute of Technology. Aspirants also say the paper was of the same difficulty level as that of the offline test, conducted on April 29.ONLINE SCORES BETTEREasy to mark, flexible on changing options, elimination of paper work and foolproof security were some of the points students cited in favour of the online mode.\"The online mode is far better than the offline examination. It eliminates paper work, issues related to the shading of circles no more exist, which was the major problem with the offline mode,\" said Chandrashekar. Students also felt that this version is more secure and foolproof as compared to the offline mode.\"The timings set in the systems were very accurate. But although there were no snags at this examination centre, the registration process could have been shortened for the students' convenience. We were asked to report at the centre at 8.30am, while the examination began only at 10am,\" said Sabareesh R, a student of National Public School, Indiranagar, who appeared for the test at the SJB Institute of Technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13041664", "title": "Over 6,000 people attend European Union film fest", "text": "The 17th European Union film festival saw more than 6,000 people during the span of 10 days and was much appreciated by film enthusiasts in Goa. The festival saw attendance by Piotr K?odkowski, ambassador of Poland; Mahadev Naik, minister for industries and social welfare, and T M Balakrishna, secretary, information and publicity. The art exhibition 'Mario in Europe', curated by Gerard da Cunha, also saw a number of art lovers flocking to the gallery even at 10pm. The exhibition showcased works of late Mario Miranda , based on his visits to the four European countries, which projected the culture and lifestyle of Europe.CME held at GMC: A continuing medical education (CME) programme, organised by the Indian Academy of Cytologists, was recently held at Goa Medical College, Bambolim. The faculty comprised Dr N A Jambhekar, professor and head of pathology, Tata Memorial Hospital-Mumbai; Dr R Palitha, professor of pathology, Srimmavo Bandaranaik Specialist Children Hospital-Sri Lanka; Dr Binnur Onal, professor of pathology, Ankara-Turkey; and Dr L P Kok, professor of theoretical biomedical engineering, University of Groningen-Netherlands. The CME was chaired by Dr R G Wiseman Pinto. The topics that were covered were oncology, TB, skin and cervical cytology.Parrikar felicitates RSS stalwart: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar felicitated headmaster of Hanuman high school and RSS stalwart Kanta Patnekar on his 60{+t}{+h} birthday celebrations at a function held at KTC hall, Assonora recently. RSS Goa state co-ordinator Subhash Velingkar; chairman of Hanuman high school, Valpoi, Premanand Dalal; speaker of Goa legislative assembly Rajendra Arlekar; president of felicitation committee Shashikala Kakodkar; secretary Vallabh Salkar were among those present.Workshop for writers held at Nanora: The Vivekananda Sahitya Sanskriti Abhiwruddhi Manch, Keri-Sattari, recently organized a special workshop for writers at Nanora Bicholim under the guidance of Somnath Komarpant. Held at the Pednekar family farmhouse, the workshop was attended by a large number of well-known authors from Bicholim, Bardez and Sattari taluka. Komarpant guided the authors on different aspects of writing. While stating that one's 'writing ability develops in natural surroundings', he urged the writers to develop their writing skills by taking the help of nature. Devki Naik welcomed the gathering, while manch president Pournima Kerkar explained the objective of the workshop.POWER SHUTDOWNNerul (May 8): Between 9am and 5pm. Areas to be affected are Aframento vaddo, Gopal Classic, water tank and Unity Hall.Valpoi (May 8): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Honda ITI, Gaonkarwada, police out-post and part of Honda market area.Old Goa (May 8): Between 8am and 1pm. Areas to be affected are Edmar building, Dotorbhat, SFX residency, ICAR and vicinity.Bicholim (May 8): Between 9.30am and 5pm. Areas to be affected are Gaonkarwada, Anitipeth, Pajwaddo and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042150", "title": "Retd judge indicts Dr Mishra for interfering in Nagpur University polls", "text": "NAGPUR: On April 6 last year, TOI had first exposed how dirty politics and blackmailing during Nagpur University's polls had led to the resignation of assistant returning officer Vilas Ramteke (deputy registrar). In a series of articles, TOI had also reported how Secular Panel members led by pro-chancellor of Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences (DMIMS) Dr Ved Prakash Mishra had tried to interfere, pressurize and influence the administration during elections.Justice CL Pangarkar probe panel, constituted after TOI reports, has confirmed the newspaper findings. A copy of the report, in possession of TOI, passes severe strictures against Dr Mishra, who was then DMIMS vice chancellor, stating that \"he exceeded all limits of commenting upon orders of VC Vilas Sapkal\".Dr Mishra couldn't be contacted for this comments on the report.Justice Pangarkar clearly named the deemed university VC and said he tried to interfere and pressurize the NU administration. \"What locus Dr Mishra has? None - not being a voter or a contestant. This act is nothing short of an attempt to pressurize VC and registrar,\" he tersely observed.The retired judge suggested that the time has come for state, central and apex bodies governing deemed universities to formulate a 'Code of conduct' for VCs. \"I hope that they will take appropriate action in formulating the 'Code of conduct' and prohibit all VCs, including those from deemed universities, from directly or indirectly taking part in the elections of any university, and treating such part being taken as a misconduct inviting penalty and removal,\" he strongly recommended.The report also named zoology lecturers - Suresh Bakre of Navargaon-based Dhyanesh Mahavidyalaya, SS Mulmule of KZA Science College, Kalmeshwar, AK Shukla of SN Mor College, Tumsar, and Dilip Sonawane of Sarvodaya Mahavidyalaya, Sindewahi - of trying to pressurize the NU administration. \"In my opinion, Dr Mishra tried to malign NU VC and others supported him,\" the report said.The former high court judge pointed out that Dr Mishra used his deemed university letterhead to write letters to the NU. \"Was he writing as a VC or a citizen or as an ex-member of Senate? He ought not to have used VC's letterhead if he is writing as a citizen or member. It was most inappropriate and uncalled for him to write to another VC on his letterhead and even meet him personally regarding the polls. The intention could be none other than to put NU administration and VC under pressure,\" the report observed.Justice Pangarkar said that Dr Mishra was not even remotely concerned with NU and his acts were certainly not befitting a person holding a VC's post. \"Being VC of another university, he had no reason to take up cudgels for the contestants or voters. He should have better taken care of his own university. It's very strange that he wants to dictate how nomination papers should be scrutinized by the registrar,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044367", "title": "Tamil Nadu seeks clarifications in fee committee verdict of Madras high court", "text": "CHENNAI: Apprehending confusion and wrong interpretation of the Madras high court judgment on the fee determination case for private schools, the Tamil Nadu government has sought some more clarifications from the court.On May 3, a division bench of the court had passed orders on a batch of about 300 writ petitions from private schools and permitted them to enhance their fee upto 25 per cent. It had laid down guidelines and remanded the batch of cases back to the statutory committee for fee determination to consider afresh and pass orders.On Monday, the deputy secretary of the school education department S Vedarathinam, filed a clarification petition through the additional government pleader (education) P Sanjay Gandhi, seeking four clarifications.First, the government wanted the court to ask the 300-odd schools to display in their respective notice boards the details of their case number, fee fixed by the committee and the revised fee permitted by the high court on May 3.Two, the 15 per cent fee, to be collected over and above the structure fixed by the committee, shall be subject to the outcome of the committee's final orders in the matter.Three, the fee hike permission is valid only for the academic year 2012-13 and not for previous years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042002", "title": "Special panel to drive out traffic woes?", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday indicated that it may consider appointing a high-powered committee (HPC) to resolve the city's traffic problems. Hearing a public interest litigation on the issue, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar sought a draft on the composition of the committee from the petitioners and respondents.The HPC was suggested by advocate BEST counsel Girish Kulkarni, who said senior advocates Janak Dwarakadas, who represents the Bombay Bar Association, and A Y Sakhare, who represents the BMC, felt that such a panel could address the citizens' traffic woes.BEST general manager O P Gupta, joint commissioner of police (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar, transport commissioner V N More as well as officials from the state home department and the BMC's road department were present in court.Gupta informed the court that BEST has decided to install speed governors in all its buses following last month's accident in Kalanagar in which a double-decker bus overturned, killing one person and injuring many passengers. \"A double-decker bus's speed limit will be fixed at 40 km per hour and a single-decker bus's at 60 kmph,'' said Gupta. He blamed the spate of rash driving cases involving BEST buses on 5,000 drivers recruited on ad hoc basis. \"They have not assimilated into the BEST culture and we are giving them special training,'' he said, adding that 4,000 bus drivers were punished in the last few years. \"We are also lowering the criteria for punishments from five incidents to two,\" he said.Pointing to huge losses suffered by the undertaking, Gupta threw his weight behind \"congestion charge\" on private vehicles entering the city. \"The revenue could be used to buy new buses, create infrastructure and fund the Bus Rapid Transit System,\" said Gupta.More told the court that the state would soon make high-security number plates mandatory for vehicles.Phansalkar informed the court that the traffic department was in the process of filling up 676 vacant posts. \"Mindsets need change and traffic sense has to be instilled in motorists and pedestrians,'' said Phansalkar.The court was told that of the 544 traffic signals in the city, around 253 were under the Area Traffic Control System and it would take Rs 130 crore to bring the remaining under the system. \"Instructions have been issued to all traffic police personnel to help pedestrians,\" said Phansalkar, adding that over one crore pedestrians, including 30 lakh in south Mumbai, use Mumbai's roads daily. He also said that since 2007, over 38,000 licenses had been suspended for drunk driving.The judges expressed concern that there were no free lanes in Mumbai, in case of emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13045387", "title": "After a brilliant season, the stumper leaves VCA fold", "text": "NAGPUR: In his maiden first-class season, Aniruddha Chore did all that was needed to be a good cricketer. The signs were certainly encouraging as the 20-year-old looked like a player who could take Vidarbha cricket forward. However, now Vidarbha need to find another wicketkeeper as Chore is all set to join Indian Air Force. And if he performs up to the expectations in Defence meets, he would turn up in Ranji Trophy with Services cap on his head. The formalities have been completed and Chore would soon leave for New Delhi.\"He is a talented boy who was regular for Vidarbha. It's an honour to play for Services. I wish him good luck as the competition is immense here,\" Services coach RS Jhala told TOI on Monday.Chore had a fantastic last year where he scored four hundreds-three in Col CK Nayudu Trophy and one in Ranji Trophy-in BCCI tournaments. He was also selected for the National Cricket Academy Under-22 camp in Bangalore this February. He had been consistent throughout ever since he was drafted in for the All India Buchi Babu Trophy in Chennai. He scored fighting fifties against Ranji champions Rajasthan and runners-up Baroda.In Moin-ud-dowlah Gold in Hyderabad, Chore hit 112 runs out of 209 Vidarbha scored against Hyderabad. He was instrumental in providing great start to Vidarbha U-22 side where he hit back-to-back hundreds against Assam and Haryana. His unbeaten 253 was the highest individual score by any Vidarbha batsman in BCCI matches.\"I have seen him scoring hundred against us in Ranji Trophy. He played very well against our quality bowling attack. What I liked about him most was his temperament. If he works hard, he will certainly go distance. I hope he performs up to the expectations,\" Services premier batsman Yashpal Singh, who was once in contention for India berth, said.Services officials had closely watched Chore in the All India Vayusena Challenge Cup where he performed very well against the hosts. Their coach Manish Jha was pretty impressed with Chore's technique and temperament. Chore was called for the trials where he impressed one and all with his batting, keeping and fitness.\"I am thankful to VCA officials for all the support over the years. Whatever I am today is because of their encouragement and support. It was a professional decision. It's great to be part of Defence set up. I also want to thank Kailash Sharma of Ruby Club,\" Chore said.Chore has captained Vidarbha U-19 and U-22 teams. In 2009, he was selected for the first batch of VCA's Residential Academy where he prospered under former Vidarbha and current Mumbai coach Sulakshan Kulkarni, Australian Neil D'Costa and ex-India pacer Subroto Bannerjee.\"The academy has a big role to play in my success. I got world class facilities and great guidance under Neil Sir, Sullu Sir, Subbu Sir and whole coaching staff. Usman (Ghani) Sir has helped me right from my junior days. My club (Ruby Sporting Club) has encouraged me over the years. Suhas Pawar (ex-trainer of academy) also helped me a lot as far as fitness is concerned. Now, I am looking forward to do well for Services. I want to wish my Vidarbha teammates all the success for the coming season,\" Chore signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042240", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation razes 140 encroachments at Gandhibagh market", "text": "NAGPUR: On Monday, Gandhibagh market was the focus of Nagpur Municipal Corporation's anti-encroachment drive where around 140 encroachments were razed, which includes unauthorized construction, extension of shops and 'illegal' shops on pavements and roads.The squad led by deputy engineer Dilip Jamgade launched the anti-encroachment drive at Gandhibagh wholesale market on May 5. During the first day of the drive, the squad had observed rampant encroachments by almost every shop and razed 102 encroachments.On Tuesday too the demolition squad will carry out its drive in this commercial market, said a senior official.Meanwhile, slum dwellers under the banner of Jan Samasya Nivaran Samiti have staged demonstration at RBI square against anti encroachment drives at city's slums, including Raj Nagar. G M Khan, convener of the NGO demanded action against officials indulged in anti encroachment drive at Raj Nagar slum.He pointed out that the frequent fire incidents at Rahul Nagar slum is also a conspiracy and demanded a CBI inquiry into it. Criticizing the joint drives launched by railway, NMC, NIT and city police, Khan said that these agencies should provide an alternate land to the dwellers before any anti encroachment drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044414", "title": "Unemployed after Bachelor of Engineering, man hangs himself", "text": "CHENNAI: Frustrated at not being able to find a job of his choice, a 22-year-old man from Choolaimedu, who took his final year BE examinations a year ago, hanged himself on Sunday night.The police said I Bharath Kumar left behind a suicide note in which he said he was depressed because he did not get a job in a good company unlike his friends and classmates.It was the second instance in two days of a person in the city committing suicide because of unemployment. On Saturday, an MBA graduate from Mannarkudi, Vetri Maran, 27, ended his life after he failed to get find suitable employment for three years.\"Kumar, 22, had done a BE in computer science at a private college on East Coast Road in 2011 but had a few exams to clear,\" a police officer said. \"After his final year exams last June, his father Ilangovan asked him to look after a textile shop that the family owned on Choolaimedu High Road.\"Family members said Kumar often told them that he was dejected at not being able to land a job while his friends were employed in good companies. \"Though Kumar's relatives attempted to cheer him up, he appears to have slipped into a state of depression ,\" the officer said.When Kumar's grandmother went to his room to wake him up on Monday, she found him hanging from the ceiling. The family contacted the Choolaimedu police who registered a case.In a four-page suicide note written in English, Kumar said he was \"a loser in every aspect\". The note also included a line in Tamil: 'Naan porali alla poraduvatharku' ('I am not a fighter to wage a war').Family members said Kumar often told them that he was dejected at not being able to land a job while his friends were employed in goood companies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13044014", "title": "Accused Nigerian may be staying in India on fake visa", "text": "VADODARA: Investigation into the fake visa scam has revealed that one of the accused is possibly staying in India on a fake visa. The accused, Imaalu Aajaah Naibu, is a Nigerian and was nabbed by the detection of crime branch (DCB) officials from Delhi some days ago. Imaalu's passport details revealed that he had got extension on his visa from Hyderabad some months ago.A team of central intelligence bureau (IB) questioned the accused of fake visa scam, who are in custody of detection of crime branch (DCB). \"We have emailed the details of his visa renewal to Hyderabad for verification and are awaiting details,\" said Jatin Prajapati, cyber crime cell police inspector.Sources, however, said that Imaalu may well have got a fake visa extension and is staying in the country illegally. Imaalu didn't co-operate much with the crime branch and IB officials during his interrogation and kept saying that he doesn't know anything. \"He came to India in 2008 and has been part of this fake visa racket and cheating for the last couple of years. He stays at CRC House in Delhi where most Nigerians stay. We learnt about visa renewal from his passport,\" said a police official.\"It is very easy to prepare a fake rubber stamp of authorities and stamp it on the passport. Imaalu may have done the same thing to continue his stay in India,\" the official added. The other accused Sunny Singh alias Aryan Chaudhary too hasn't revealed much details of the scam.The duo was arrested by the DCB team from Delhi after a city-based tour operator Harish Dodiya registered complaint of cheating worth Rs 26 lakh. The accused had got in touch with Dodiya through email in December last year and promised to give him and other work visa in Canada . According to the police, it seemed to be a scam similar to the ones where people are promised huge money via lottery by some unscrupulous elements.Dodiya told the police that the accused had contacted him and promised him and his clients work visa swiftly. Dodiya was asked to deposit money in different bank accounts for visa procedure. However, after Dodiya deposited the money the accused started dilly-dallying over the issuance of visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044417", "title": "Anna university plans programme to curb suicide of students", "text": "CHENNAI: At a time when college students are obsessed with winning the rat race for marks and jobs, a technical university has come forward to acknowledge the harm that competition and pressure causes in the lives of students.Vice-chancellor P Mannar Jawahar has written to principals of affiliated engineering colleges addressing the issue by name. \"For the past few years we have been witnessing an enormous increase in the rate of depression among students. Today, students have developed an apprehension mainly because of growing competition and pressure from all walks of life. The unmanageable conflict among the adolescents has sometimes even led to loss of life,\" the letter says.The vice-chancellor's letter comes after two students ended their lives in Anna University hostel in March and April, quoting personal problems. The students were known to have faced academic difficulties and failed in several subjects, which added to their sense of helplessness.The vice-chancellor has said that such anxiety and hopelessness in the minds of students could be drastically reduced, if not eliminated, through \"counselling with focus on the nurturing of healthy love and affection among the student community.\" The university hopes to improve relations between faculty and students, and between the respective educational institution and the student's family.To facilitate an improved relationship between stakeholders the vice-chancellor has sought the help of senior faculty who can mentor students. The vice-chancellor has called faculty to volunteer in a capacity building mentoring programme tiltled 'Mind without fear' to be conducted by experts in psychological counseling in engineering institutions across the state.Dean of Guindy College of Engineering M Sekar said, \"There have been two cases of suicides this year. We have also come across cases where students have tried to discontinue because they have faced problems adjusting to tougher syllabus or new environments. This is an attempt to draw closer to students instead of waiting for them to approach us for help.\" He said few students volunteer to undergo counselling even when a provision is made because of the stigma attached to it.Educational consultant C R Muthukrishnan said moves to improve communication skills of students can only do so much, whereas a programme that addresses issues such as self-esteem and how to approach a challenge without feeling overwhelmed would go a long way in helping students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13043775", "title": "Govt, industry train tribal youths", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A government body in association with ASSOCHAM launched a skill development programme for Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe of the state. This programme lauched by the Orissa Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes Development Finance Co-operative Corporation Limited (OSFDC) aims to make the youths employable in the telecom sector.Inaugurating the programme, minister for SC and ST development Ramesh Majhi said, \"This is a good initiative as hundreds of youth from remote areas can get jobs. The industry body should also make some extra effort by not only giving them training but also engaging them in different companies.\"Senior advisor of ASSOCHAM G P Srivastava said, \"There is a huge demand for trained professionals in the telecom sector because it is growing at a very fast rate. Telecom equipment operation and maintenance is a much sought after programme for which we have engaged ACETEL as technical collaborator.\" ASSOCHAM also plans to set up new self-development hubs in Rourkela, Sambalpur and Angul, he added.ASSOCHAM sources said there is a employability gap of 80% because students don't have the desired degress. Debaprasad Dash, general manager of OSFDC said, \"The corporation has tied up with a number of organizations like ASSOCHAM to provide skill development training to SC and ST youths. As many as 8,000 youths will be trained under such programmes in a year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13042966", "title": "'Ten more to be booked under Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities Act", "text": "NASHIK: The police have decided to implement the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities Act (MPDA) on one more criminal in about a week's time, while proposals to book at of at least 10 more are in the pipeline, p informed Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said on Monday.In view to ensure peace and harmony and law and order in the city, the police has decided to get stern on hardened criminals.Sarangal said that there were quite a few anti-social elements that had been were terrorising the common people in the city and posing danger to their life and property. It was against this on this backdrop, that the city police commissionerate decided to act sternly against such miscreants, knowing that the common man would never come forward to lodge complaints against them.A couple of weeks back, one Chetan Waghmare, a history sheeter from Nashik Road, was detained under Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities (MPDA) Act and sent to the central jail for a year.Waghmare had cases of property and body offences registered against him in the Nashik Road and Upnagar police stations. He was also wanted for including offences like crimes like murder and arson. burning vehicles.Wagmare, known to be unemployed, Waghmare was known to be a habitual criminal who terrorised people in the Jail Road and Nashik Road areas by threatening and looting them.While no local came forward to file a complaint against him, the police finaly decided to detain Waghmare under MPDA sending him to Central jail for a year.The police commissionerate has powers to take such action against hardened criminals. MPDA and this weapon is used against such criminals in the interest of the people of its jurisdiction. Proposals for the use of applying MPDA against 10 miscreants are underway by the city police commissionerate, according to senior police officials.After the action against Waghmare under MPDA, according to reports, Unit 2 of the city police commissionerate has prepared a proposal of four others to implement Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Slumlord, Bootleggers, Drug Offenders and Dangerous Persons Act. Further Unit 1 has prepared similar proposals against six more criminals.Senior police officials said that once these history sheeters werehardened criminals are behind bars under MPDA, the crime rate is likely come down substantially, since the said criminals are into property offences as well as body offences. Their arrests would also serve as a deterrant to other criminals across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13043551", "title": "Three robbers held, murder plot foiled", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths foiled a murder conspiracy and arrested three robbers in Kalapathar on Monday. Police seized two bikes and seven daggers from their possession.Acting on a tip-off, police raided a house at Kalapathar and nabbed Shaik Obaid, a history-sheeter of Kalapathar police station, his associates Habeeb Mohammed of Pahadi Shareef and Feroz Khan of Kamatipura. The police seized three hunting sickles, four daggers, two motorcycles and a cellphone from their possession.Additional deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Task Force, Suhas Chaturvedi said the gang was planning to eliminate their rivals Shabbir of Kalapathar and Asad of Misrigunj. For this purpose, the gang had taken away a CBZ bike at knifepoint from a man at Santoshnagar on April 29. They also robbed a grocery store owner of Rs 3,000 at Langer Houz on Sunday.Using the money, Obaid and Feroz went to Nanded in April last week and procured three sickles and four daggers from one of their contacts. However, before the gang could strike, police got wind of their plans and nabbed them at Obaid's Kalapathar house. The nabbed persons along with the seized property were handed over to the Kalapathar police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13043894", "title": "Weekend culture grips state capital", "text": "RANCHI: Weekend culture is not just restricted to metros but has gradually gripped Ranchi, too. After a whole week of hard work people of the state capital prefer to go for an outing instead of sitting at home on weekends. The only difference is that the weekends in metros start from Friday night but here the fever begins on Saturday nights.The main reason for the popularity of weekend culture is increase in number of working couples who do not want to spend their weekend doing household chores. \"I and my wife both are working in private firms so we rarely get the time to relax. Weekend is the time when even my wife doesn't feel like doing household chores so we usually go out to nearby parks or simply on a long drive to have lunch in some good dhaba or out-of-town restaurant,\" said Manish, an employee with a private company.Usually, people go to the zoo or deer park during weekends where they spend the day and have lunch or dinner at nearby restaurants. These parks are more crowded in weekends compared to weekdays.There is a large group of people who have membership to the clubs in the city and spend the evenings in these clubs hanging around with friends and family for refreshment. Shikha Verma, member of Gymkhana Club, said, \"We go to club usually on Saturday evening as many of mine and my husband's colleagues are members there and we have a good time sitting and chatting.\"Even the restaurants are trying hard to lure people on weekends by offering various discounts and arranging fun events on weekends. Capitol Residency chef Asit Kundu said, \"We organize special buffet for Saturday and Sunday and occasionally invite magicians so that people can come and have fun while having food and spend a good time with family.\"With the summer vacations approaching, BNR Chanakya will be soon coming up with special weekend programmes organized for children as well as elders. \"We will be organizing special buffet on weekends and our main focus will be children in June. We expect more customers as the children will get bored staying home in vacations and their parents will also need refreshment after hard work throughout the week,\" said Dharamveer, the food and beverages manager at BNR Chanakya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13043069", "title": "Energy Task Force nod to power upgradation projects", "text": "LUCKNOW: The energy task force (ETF) headed by chief secretary Jawed Usmani gave nod to various power upgradation projects on Monday.The ETF cleared the proposal to construct 23 33KV substations and laying of 300 km transmission lines in the state. The Rs 100 crore-plus project will help in better power transmission and distribution in the state. The substations will be constructed in districts like Gautam Budh Nagar and Bulandshahr. Likewise, a similar substation will be constructed in Govardhan area of Mathura. The locality will also see laying of 20km 11KV underground cables besides a 40 km aerial bunch conductor to prevent pilferage.Localities like Jyoti Khudia and Karhal Road in Mainpuri will also get a 33/11KV substation. The task force also cleared the way for construction of 13 substations in Poorvanchal distribution company serving districts like Sonbhadra, Kushinagar, Siddharthanagar, Gorakhpur and Allahabad.The ETF also gave green signal for setting up of a pole manufacturing division in Agra and Varanasi. This will help the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) to procure poles at a price which will be lower than the market price.The proposal to upgrade the 110 MW machines in Paricha power plant was also cleared. For this, around Rs 290 crore will be spent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13044050", "title": "Scorpio catches fire, no one hurt", "text": "GURGAON: A Scorpio SUV went up in flames near Udyog Vihar on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway on Monday, resulting in a minor traffic jam on the highway. The eight passengers and the driver are all safe.The incident took place at 5:30pm, opposite the Convergys building. The black Scorpio (HR-55B 1049) was going from Iffco Chowk towards Delhi, to drop eight employees of an Udyog Vihar-based private firm.The driver, Krishan Kumar stopped the car when he saw smoke coming out from the bonnet. All the people stepped out of the car and, within a minute, the vehicle caught fire. \"We did not realize until the car driver stopped the car and when we saw smoke coming out from the car we stepped out of the car,\" said Ajay Singh, a passenger.Police reached the spot within five minutes and called the fire brigade. By the time the fire brigade reached, the car had completely burned.\"We are investigating the case, but no one got hurt in the incident,\" said Satyendra Dahiya, SHO, Udyog Vihar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043374", "title": "Two arrested for stalking actress", "text": "KOLKATA: Three drunken youths jeered, heckled and finally rammed their motorcycle into a car carrying a young actress at Ghola in North 24-Parganas late on Sunday. Officers from Ghola police station allegedly refused to act even after the actress narrated the incident immediately after it took place. It was only on Monday that cops swung into action after Barrackpore police commissioner Sanjoy Mukherjee personally intervened. Two among those who tormented the girl were later arrested.On Sunday light, the victim was returning from her shooting around 11:30pm. Approaching Ghola bazar, she noticed three inebriated youths in a motorcycle, jeering at her and driving recklessly. \"They were somehow trying to overtake my vehicle and perhaps stop it,\" she said. Her driver, however, kept his cool and drove the vehicle steadily. Near Ghola bazar, according to the complainant, she noticed a marriage procession. Around the same time, she looked back and saw the youths who'd fallen behind from her car - a Chevrolet Spark - trying to accelerate and headed directly towards the car. \"The procession blocked the road. So we had no option but to halt the car. Their motorcycle rammed into my car, severely damaging it,\" she said.Frightened, she immediately went to the Ghola police station, her mother said. Instead of taking action, police allegedly made her sit and wait. The actress returned home after waiting for some time. The complaint was finally registered on Sunday. Around 11:45am, the Barrackpore police commissioner also assured her of help.\"Officers were handling a mob when she came to the police station. She was therefore asked to wait. Police had registered the complaint in the night itself and two youths were detained for interrogation even before her formal complaint was made. I spoke to them and assured them of all help,\" Mukherjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043119", "title": "Lax ward officers to face action", "text": "PUNE: The state urban development department (UDD) will recommend strict action against ward officers who have failed to comply with the department's month-long deadline given to repair footpaths and clear them of all encroachments, said state additional chief secretary (UDD) T C Benjamin.Speaking to TOI, Benjamin said, \"As the month-long deadline draws to an end, I will convene a meeting of all ward officers working with the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and review the situation. I will ask municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak to take action against ward officers who have not followed the orders.\"He said, \"Following the UDD letter, municipal commissioner Pathak had ordered ward officers to clear all footpaths in their locality. Those who have not fulfilled their duty will have to face action.\"On April 9, Benjamin had directed the PMC to repair all footpaths and clear encroachments on them within a month. In the letter to Pathak, he had said that the poor condition of footpaths in the city was forcing pedestrians to walk on the roads, thereby putting their safety in jeopardy. The UDD had observed that several footpaths were dug up for utility services and not repaired thereafter. The letter also directed the PMC to hold ward officers responsible for the condition of footpaths.\"The UDD will also ask for a detailed report of the work done by ward officers. Pedestrians have every right to walk and their right must be protected. The UDD is committed to the cause,\" said Benjamin, who was once the municipal commissioner of Pune.Citizens' groups have repeatedly complained that Pune is increasingly becoming a pedestrian-unfriendly city, even though 37% of its citizens walk to their destinations and 18% use bicycles. They say that pedestrians and cyclists are ignored in traffic planning and are at risk because they are forced to share the roads with motorised transport.The concept note for a Comprehensive Transport Policy (CTP) for the PMC reads: \"Pedestrians are the most important component in traffic and transportation and one that is, sadly, the most ignored. Today, roads are designed and built with an automobile (or two-wheeler) in mind. Not enough consideration is given to pedestrians, cyclists and public transport. Heritage sites and open spaces are increasingly being sacrificed to accommodate needs of private auto-vehicles.\"The note observes that 40% of the major roads in the city have no footpaths and wherever there are pavements, the usage is low.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044622", "title": "CBI, ED to probe defence deals \u2018fixer\u2019 Abhishek Verma", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has ordered investigations by both the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) into allegations that businessman Abhishek Verma may have been involved in fixing defence deals. The allegations have been made by a former American associate of Verma.Besides ordering the probe, defence minister A K Antony has also asked the defence secretary to examine the entire issue, reports said.\"The matter is sub judice. These papers are being circulated at the behest of my enemies, including some Enforcement Directorate officials against whom I am a witness in a court case. These are fake documents,\" Verma told TOI. Verma, whose name has figured in past defence deals too, is the son of late Shrikant Verma, a Congress leader who was a member of Parliament for years. His mother, Veena Verma, too, was a Congress leader.If the investigating agencies find any truth in the allegations, levelled by American citizen C Edmond Allen, there could be another round of blacklisting of major defence firms. Allen claims to have operated an escrow account for Verma in the US that contained over $200 million of money earned through fixing defence and other government deals.Allen has named Augusta Westland of Europe, Greece's Hellenic Defence Systems, Germany's Rheinmetal and US-based Hawker Beechcraft among the firms that had engaged Verma's services in India. It is illegal to engage middlemen in Indian defence deals.Allen has sent a set of documents to various investigating agencies, Antony and the media showing alleged proof of Verma's dealings with these defence firms as a middleman. The documents allegedly show that Verma was offered commission by these firms for deals in India.If the investigating agencies find evidence to establish that Verma was indeed a middleman for these companies, then the government will have to blacklist them. Recently, the government had blacklisted six defence firms. Also, if any credible evidence emerges on the allegations against Augusta Westland, then the Indian contract for 12 VVIP helicopters would also be called into question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042414", "title": "Forest dept identifies buffer zone in Sariska &amp; Ranthambore", "text": "JAIPUR: Following a Supreme Court directive in April this year to demarcate and notify buffer zone around the Ranthambore and Sariska tiger reserves within three months or face the heat, the state forest department has made giant progress in the matter.According to sources in the forest department, work in this regard at both the tiger reserves is nearing completion. The final report is yet to be prepared but a meeting has been held and the areas to be demarcated as buffer zones have been identified.In addition to these two reserves, the apex court had observed that 13 other tiger reserves have not yet declared a buffer zone. These are in Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and Bihar.The declaration of buffer zone would help regulate commercialization of revenue land around these tiger habitats to help preserve the endangered species.Buffer zone is the area peripheral to the critical tiger habitat or core area providing supplementary habitat for dispersing tigers, besides offering scope for co-existence of human activity. The limits of the buffer areas were to be determined on the basis of scientific and objective criteria in consultation with the gram sabhas and an expert committee constituted for the purpose.In the case of Rajasthan, the expert committee for Ranthambore tiger reserve constitutes field director Rajesh Gupta, additional PCCF AS Barar and, a member from the state wildlife board Hari Singh. For Sariska, the team comprises DFO of the park RS Shekhawat, chief wildlife warden A Choubey and a member from the state wildlife board Rajpal Singh.Sources said that for Ranthambore, apart from the 492 sq km sanctuary area including the 250 sq km national park, the buffer zone would comprise the 650 sq km of the Kailadevi Sanctuary, the Sawai Mansingh Sanctuary and the Kwalji Reserve. The buffer zone at Sariska would include 869 sq km of the tiger reserve area, including the 450 sq km of the Sariska sanctuary, while certain new areas have been proposed to be included from the Jaipur, Dausa and Alwar ranges.The specific areas to be included in the buffer zone would be known only after the final report is prepared. Areas from the Ramgarh sanctuary might also be included in the buffer zone for the Sarika Tiger Reserve. The notification of the buffer zones is very significant as it would lead to protection of the reserves from intensive projects like mining.WHAT'S A BUFFER ZONE?A buffer is a thin layer of protection on all sides of the reserve. Those living in this zone will be given alternative livelihood options to reduce dependence on core forest produce. These zones will be protected from major changes in land use. Unlike the core area, which is exclusive, the buffer zone will be inclusive but importance will be given to protection of wildlife", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042884", "title": "HC asks charity chief to decide on Karve's removal from MET", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has asked the charity commissioner to decide soon whether removal of Sunil Karve from the board of trustees of Mumbai Educational Trust was valid. Karve had approached the high court after the charity commissioner refused to stay the resolution removing him from MET's board.Nashik district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal and chairman of Mumbai Educational Trust had removed Karve from MET board in a February 23 meeting attended by the other trustees-Bhujbal's wife Meena, son Sameer and nephew Pankaj. Three weeks prior to the meet, Karve had sent a written complaint against Bhujbal to the Mumbai police chief and also approached the charity commissioner seeking the minister's removal from MET board. Karve had alleged that Bhujbal was misusing the trust property and had misappropriated Rs 170 crore of trust funds.Karve did not attend the meeting as he claimed that he was given the notice only a day earlier but the Bhujbals claimed that his absence was \"intentional\" as he did not want to explain the \"recent developments at the trust\" and some complaints against the staff. They passed a resolution that his acts of \"omissions and commissions\" had rendered Karve \"unfit as a trustee\". They also informed the charity commissioner about the removal of Karve's name.Karve's lawyer Sayaji Nangre said they were informed of the resolution only on March 1 and were shocked as \"no principles of natural justice were followed, no show cause notice nor any grounds given\". A trustee according to the trust deed could be removed only under three conditions-bankruptcy, insolvency or conviction for corruption.\"In this case, neither condition applied. We challenged it by way of an interim application before the charity commissioner, where Karve had already filed an application for removal of the Bhujbals as trustees,\" said Nangre. The charity commissioner's office refused to stay the resolution and hence, Karve approached the Bombay high court.The high court heard Karve's counsel Janak Dwarkadas, Nangre and Pranav Badheka as well as V A Thorat, P K Dhakephalkar, Bobde and Sajal Yadav, who represented the Bhujbals, and said \"prima facie\" the joint charity commissioner's order \"gives no reasons for declining relief\".The high court also said, \"The joint charity commissioner was expected to at least apply his mind as to whether one trustee could be removed in this manner by other trustees\". However, since the high court felt that the rights of the trustees were not affected, it did not feel the need to interfere and asked the charity commissioner to decide the matter soon. The matter is expected to be heard this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13043003", "title": "CS asks officials to identify investment, industrial zone", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Monday asked officials to decide within one month the location of the sites for the investment and industrial zone in UP, which are a part of the 1,483 km-long dedicated freight corridor between Delhi and Mumbai. According to the DMIC map, while a general manufacturing investment region is to come up in Greater Noida-Ghaziabad, the DMIC industrial area for engineering and manufacturing will come up in Meerut-Muzaffarnagar region.The government has also identified 150 to 200 kilometres on either side of the investment region as area earmarked for developing a dedicated freight corridor. Apart from sharing the state government survey prepared by the CEO of Greater Noida with DMIC officials, Usmani also asked CEO Greater Noida to furnish the complete details of the two-proposed early bird projects at Bodaki railway station and Dadri Multi Model Logistics Hub. Both reports, Usmani said, must be submitted to the state government in 10 days. Once the planning for the early bird projects are completed, the chief secretary also said that the state should seek the requisite approvals from the NCR Board so that work on the project could be started soon.With end terminals of DMIC at Dadri in the National Capital Region and Jawaharlal Nehru Port near Mumbai, about 1.5% of the total corridor falls in UP. Once it is functional, the Dedicated Freight Corridor envisages a high-speed connectivity for High Axle Load Wagons (25 Tonne) of Double Stacked Container Trains supported by high power locomotives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "13044491", "title": "His paintings offer insight into medical world", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Amarjot Singh Gill, an intern at physiotherapy department of Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), is passionate about painting. And he is also different from run-of-the-mill painters as besides regular paintings he also paints medical paintings.Amarjot, 23, said, ''Since my childhood days I had passion for painting and pursued it too at my school Sacred Heart in Sarabha Nagar. I painted my first painting, a snow scene sketch, in Class IX. Later besides landscape I also started doing wildlife and human figure paintings. When I joined bachelors in physiotherapy at CMCH, I developed a taste for medical paintings wherein I started paintings hospital scenes and doctor-patient scenes.''Amarjot adds, ''Till now I have painted about 100 paintings of landscape, wildlife and medical paintings. Among my best works includes paintings, of leopard baby trying to climb a tree, hill scene with lot of flowers and white buildings and a church, rain deers in snow and a doctor with his patient. I have also done paintings which were used as backgrounds in the college festivals. My paintings were also exhibited in Impulse at Baba Farid University of Health Sciences in 2011 and cultural festivals at CMCH.''About his favourite painters, Amarjot said, ''My favourite paintings include Horse Painting by M F Hussain, God and The Human Being by Micheal Angelo, Monalisa and Last Supper by Leonardo Da Vinci and Pablo Picasos all works. Painting for me is my life and it satisfies my creative urge. I like to paint with water colour, acrylic and oil colours.''K E Benjamin, vice-principal of College of Physiotherapy at CMCH, appreciated the painting talent of Amarjot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043717", "title": "Al-Qaida chief Ayman al Zawahiri hiding in Pakistan, asserts Hillary", "text": "KOLKATA: Ayman al Zawahiri , the al-Qaida chief, is in Pakistan, said Hillary Clinton , US secretary of state. Talking to a cross-section of young people in the La Martiniere Girls' School in Kolkata as part of a TV interview, Hillary on Monday said, \"There are several significant leaders still on the run. Zawahiri is somewhere, we believe, in Pakistan.\"\"We want to disable al-Qaida and we have made a lot of progress in doing that ... We are all aware that Pakistan has not done as much as the US and India wanted to fight terrorism,\" she added.In a sign of the worsening relations between the US and Pakistan, Clinton said she was \"well aware\" that the Pakistani government had not yet convicted LeT founder Hafiz Saeed. \"We're going to be pushing that. So it's a way of raising the visibility and pointing out to those who are associated with him that there is a cost for that,\" she said. The US had last month announced a $10 million bounty for information on Saeed.\"You have to go after those who are trying to kill you. You have to be focused on that...We want everybody who is associated with that (Mumbai attack) brought to justice. And it may take longer than any one of us like. But we are going to be standing with you and trying to make that happen,\" Hillary said.But she was also clear that part of her brief in India was to pressure its government to further reduce oil imports from Iran. Sweetening the pill, Hillary said, \"India understands results of its policies ... is certainly working towards lowering purchases of Iranian oil. We commend the steps they have taken thus far.\"But India, she said, could do more. The US would have conceded if there wasn't enough oil in the market, but there is, with Saudi Arabia and Iraq pumping up extra oil. \"We think this is part of India's role in the international community...,\" Hillary said ahead of her meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. \"We believe, at this moment in time, the principal threat is a nuclear-armed Iran,\" she said. \"We need India to be part of the international effort.\"Hillary was landed with the inevitable question about its double standards when it came to Israel. She backed Israel stoutly. \"Israel has been defending itself for 60 years and has made numerous overtures to bring about a peaceful resolution of the situation. It has thus far been unsuccessful in doing so. ... We continue to try and press for resolution, particularly on Palestinian issues which the US also cares deeply about,\" she added.By her own admission, she had been asked almost everything in her long public life. The former first lady spoke candidly about her long association with India, her love for Tagore and how she is forced to go on a diet after every visit to the country, to shed the extra calories that result from gorging on Indian food. \"This time it could be for about a week,\" she said, much to the delight of the audience. Clinton also spoke about her plans to again run for the White House - something which she neither ruled out nor confirmed.It was a matter of pride that women were at the forefront of Indian politics both at national and local levels, she said. \"I am delighted to meet a woman chief minister. I know how difficult it is for women to get elected, both in India and the US. So, here we share a common bond,\" she said.Hillary was quite emphatic about the need for India and other countries in the region to reduce oil imports from Iran. It was necessary to exert pressure on Iran to change its policies and stop gathering nuclear arms, she argued. \"Iran was a signatory to the non-proliferation treaty... we are worried about other countries. The country remains our biggest fear for their nuclear material could land in the hands of terrorists. Iran is the biggest threat,\" she said, adding that the US had nothing against the Iranian people. \"President Obama has repeatedly reached out to the Iranian people. But with their nukes, they remain a threat to world peace. If they indeed have a nuclear weapon, which we suspect they do, some future leader might choose to use it. Since enough oil is available from other sources, there is no reason why India should import from Iran,\" she reasoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047613", "title": "Anandi to fight Jagya in Court!", "text": "Things have taken an exciting turn of events in 'Balika Vadhu' with Jagya demanding his share in the family property.For those who have been missing the action of late, here's a quick recap:Gauri instigates Jagya to demand his share in the family property so that they can set up their dream hospital. Jagya then tells him family that he will divorce Anandi on the sole condition that he is given his fair. Disgusted with Jagya's behaviour for which Gauri is blamed, Jagya's family decides to settle scores. Dadisa aka Surekha Sikri calms Bhairon and calls Jagya a wretched beggar telling him to consider this as a donation. The reason Bhairon and Dadisa agree to Jagya's bet is because they want to get Anandi re-married but Anandi arrives just in time and tears the papers up. She even slaps Jagya and threatens to fight him in court.But Anandi is unaware of her in-laws real intention. Where will the show head? Will Jagya get a penny from his family and will Anandi agree to re-marry? When asked what she thought of re-marriage Anandi aka Pratyusha replied\" I don't know. There is a world beyond Jaitsar that Anandi can think of but not re-marriage. If I was in Anandi's place, I would have been emotionally drained. I would prefer to be single.\" She further said \"Anandi has moved on in her life because she is the petitioner in the divorce case. She wants to make it big and focus on her career\".Viewers can expect many more 'jhatkas' ahead as Anandi puts it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042388", "title": "Two more youths complain against court clerk", "text": "NAGPUR: A court clerk, Bandu Joshi, has been booked for duping youths of lakhs of rupees on the pretext of providing them a job in Nagpur district and sessions court. Last week, Sakkardara police had registered similar offences against Joshi. On Monday, two more youths lodged a complaint against him at MIDC police station.Complainant Rajesh Ghotale claimed Joshi had defrauded his brother and cousin of Rs 5 lakh by assuring them jobs at the district and sessions court at Nagpur. After taking the money, Joshi also gave them appointment letters with fake signatures of the magistrate. The fraud came to light when Ghotale's brother and cousin went to confirm the job and the clerk told them the signatures were fake.Joshi had cheated Aakash Ingle too in a similar manner. MIDC and Sakkardara police suspect more people have been duped by Joshi, who is still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13044783", "title": "Hurriyat dove questions UN resolution, \u2018expelled\u2019", "text": "SRINAGAR: Abdul Ghani Bhat, the chairman of Muslim Conference, a constituent of the Hurriyat conglomerate, was on Monday \"expelled\" from the party by senior leader Shabir Ahmad Dar for his statement that the UN's 1947 resolution on Jammu &amp; Kashmir has become redundant. Bhat had said this at a public meeting in Sopore on Sunday.\"By saying that UN's 1947 resolution on Kashmir has become irrelevant, Bhat has questioned the very existence of Muslim Conference and the constitution of the Hurriyat,\" said Dar. \"We've expelled him from the Muslim Conference, which has been a part of the Hurriyat headed by Mirwaiz Umar Farooq ,\" Dar added.Reacting to his \"expulsion\", Bhat said Dar himself is no longer a part of Muslim Conference and therefore could not expel him or even form a breakaway group of the party. Bhat also criticized the \"greater autonomy\" proposal of the ruling National Conference and self-rule idea of the opposition PDP.\"Why should we not move together with a common political agenda for the betterment of Kashmir and its people?\" Bhat had asked in Sopore in presence of Hurriyat chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq.Another Hurriyat leader, Nayeem Khan, said, \"How can any separatist leader challenge the constitution of the Hurriyat? He should have no place in the conglomerate.\"Mirwaiz said, \"Hurriyat is an amalgam of several separatist groups and anybody can have his personal views. How can we hold anybody's tongue?\" He, however, added that Hurriyat's executive body would meet on Tuesday to discuss developments arising out of Bhat's statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043714", "title": "Tourist guide held for drugging and robbing foreigners", "text": "NEW DELHI: A tourist guide has been arrested for allegedly robbing foreign tourists after drugging them. Ravi (32) alias Robert, a guide at the Red Fort, used to befriend foreigners, drug them, strip them of their valuables and then dump them on the outskirts of Delhi, said police. His father who allegedly helped him in the crimes is on the run.Robert was arrested on Sunday from the Mandir Marg area on a tip-off. Five cases - involving tourists from Ireland, Sweden, France, South Africa and Japan - have been solved with his arrest. Additional CP (crime) Ashok Chand said the accused could be involved in several other such incidents also.Sources said Robert was popular among English-speaking tourists in the area because of his fluency in the language. \"Robert was fluent in English and became a tourist guide for foreigners. But his earnings were not enough to meet his requirements as desired to live a lavish lifestyle,\" said additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia. \"He was fond of wearing branded clothes, shoes and was in the habit of using costly perfumes and liquor. To earn quick money, he and his father decided to target foreign tourists,'' said DCP Bhatia. Robert's father works as a loader at the IGI airport.Police said Robert was first arrested in 2005 for drugging and robbing an Irishman. After his release from jail, he went back to robbing foreign tourists. He chose the Red Fort and Chandni Chowk as his area of operation. Police said he befriended foreign tourists travelling alone and gradually won their trust. He would then invite the victim for dinner. He would hire an autorickshaw and on the way offer the victim beer and biscuits laced with sedatives. He would then get down with the victim at a deserted spot. Once the victim became unconscious, he decamped with his/her belongings.To avoid getting caught, Robert would go underground after each robbery. He would resurface after a few months once the victim had left the country, said police.On March 13 last year, he befriended a Swedish tourist while watching the \"Light and Sound Show\" at Red Fort. While going for dinner, he offered the man biscuits laced with sedatives. He took him to a deserted place and when the foreigner became unconscious, he fled with his mobile phone, money belt, passport and other documents. The mobile phone and the money belt have now been recovered.On June 17, 2011, he met a French woman inside the Red Fort and robbed her in the same way. He stole her belongings which included a camera, an electronic notebook and other documents. The camera and notebook have been recovered.This year on March 11, he robbed a South African man of his phone, laptop, pen drive and other items. Some of these items have been recovered. On May 2, he targeted a Japanese man and stole his camera, mobile phone, iPod and passport. These have also been recovered, said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangkok (thailand)", "code": "13045649", "title": "Experts want robust policy to tackle effects of climate change", "text": "BANGKOK (THAILAND): \"Maldives, the island nation in Indian Ocean and a paradise for tourists, will become history in the next 50 years because the sea levels there are rising to a dangerous point,\" said Ali Raza Rizvi, regional head, climate change and resilience programme, International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), Vientiane, Laos.Maldives will fall prey to climate change, he said at a three-day Rockefeller Foundation funded workshop on climate change held at Bangkok from April 23. However, the experts were of the view that the phenomenon will not affect people living below India's Vindhya Range in cities like Surat and Mumbai.Kunda Dixit, editor, Nepali Times, who is considered an authority on Himalayan Glaciers, spoke on the effects of melting of glaciers. He pointed out that Himalayan Glaciers were melting at a faster rate than Alpine glaciers in Europe.Suppakorn Chinvanno, senior research advisor, Thailand government, said, \"There is a need to have a robust policy to tackle the problem of climate change. If no attention is paid to the problem then the phenomenon of climate change can create a human crisis world over.\"Dusita Krawanchid, research associate, Stockholm Environment Institute, Bangkok, laid emphasis on creating awareness among people for minimizing the risk arising out of the phenomenon of climate change. She said awareness among people helped keep the damage caused by the floods in Thailand and Vietnam to the minimum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043114", "title": "Centre gives Rs 150 crore to Visva-Bharati", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Monday announced a grant of Rs 150 crore \"to revive and restore the glory\" of Visva-Bharati. The announcement came exactly a year after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had said that the university set up by Tagore would be made one of the centres of excellence.Announcing the grant on the occasion of the closing day of year-long celebrations of Tagore's 150th birth anniversary in New Delhi, Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said: \"I am happy to announce that Rs 150 crore will be granted to Visva-Bharati to revive and restore the glory of this great institution founded by Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore.\" Mukherjee also announced that sitar maestro Pandit Ravishankar will be the first recipient of the Tagore International Award. The award carries a cash prize of Rs 1 crore. The award is open to all persons regardless of nationality, race, language, caste creed or sex, Mukherjee said.Last year while opening the ceremony of Tagore's 150th birth anniversary celebrations, the PM had said, \"Visva-Bharati should rightfully be one of the crown jewels of our academic world. But a lot of work needs to be done to restore this institution to its former glory and for it to live up to the true ideals of its founder.\"The announcement has been welcomed by the Visva-Bharati community. University pro-vice chancellor Udaynarayan Singh, who was present in New Delhi, said: \"We will now be able to take up many of our dream projects. We need around Rs 30 crore for Einstein Bhavan - a centre of international standard where research in both science and arts will be conducted. Another important project is a museum of natural history and ecology. We have already planned in detail to set up this museum. Now we can start that work. We also need a well-equipped media centre with journalism and mass communication departments. We also have planned to build a second campus. It is not an easy task, but now we can at least start working on it.\"On Monday, leaders from India and Bangladesh, whose national anthems were penned by the poet, paid rich tributes to Tagore as Bangladesh foreign minister Dipu Moni said Tagore would continue to inspire \"every Bengali\" at every point of life.Vice President Hamid Ansari said Tagore was a multifaceted genius whose creativity spanned every form of artistic expression and his concerns ranged from global and universalist ones to practical and mundane issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13043362", "title": "Citizen participation, infra index are a must", "text": "What is the Quality of Life in the wards? To know that,we must understand the basic structure of BBMP. Bangalore is divided into 198 wards. Eligible voters in each ward will elect a corporator every 5 years to represent them in the corporation.Each corporator on an average represents 43,000 Bangaloreans or roughly 10,650 households over an average area of 3.7 sq km (the size of 60 Chinnaswamy stadiums).This is also the microcosm in which your and my Quality of Life is determined.How is our civic destiny shaped and what good Karma can transform our Quality of Life? That is the secret we unravel today. In 2010, Janaagraha and the Times of India through the Bangalore Patrol campaign had ranked each ward across 30 Quality of Life parameters spread across 6 categories leading to a Quality of Life (QoL) score for each ward.The ward scores are a narrative of the budgetary outlays and their utilisation over a period of time in each of the wards. Budgetary outlays and their utilisation therefore are the karmic levers that can transform QoL of wards, for better or for worse.BBMP needs to allocate funds for works in various wards based on 2 criteria:1. What is the existing QoL in a ward across aspects like roads, footpaths, parks, sewerage, garbage as evidenced by a quantifiable indicator like the ward score; what spends are required to raise the QoL?2. Where do citizens want to see money spent in their respective wards? Do they want to spend this year on roads and footpaths or do they want to fix their drains before the monsoon?Responses to these questions need to be ascertained for each ward prior to the BBMP's annual budget. In comparison, the current process of budgeting is not only opaque but also seemingly ad hoc, neither driven by metrics nor taking into account citizen priorities in an institutionalised manner.The Community Participation Law (CPL), a mandatory reform under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, requires both institutionalised citizen participation and computation of a ward infrastructure index.Vidhana Soudha needs to enact the model CPL for better liveability in our wards.The writer is manager, Public Record Of Operations and Finance (PROOF), the public disclosure and accountability initiative of Janaagraha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044492", "title": "Sriprakash Jaiswal seeks three-month extension for coal secretary", "text": "NEW DELHI: Call it the 'Coalgate' effect. Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal has sought an extension for coal secretary Alok Perti, citing the need to maintain \"continuity\". Perti, a 1977-batch IAS officer of Assam cadre, is scheduled to retire on May 31.Top government officials said the minister has argued that Perti needs to be retained beyond his superannuation to ensure that the ministry's new initiatives are implemented smoothly. Extensions are usually granted for three months and can be renewed for a similar period but the government has so far avoided giving extension to any bureaucrat after retirement.But the real reason, sources in the know said, was the government auditor's report on allocation of 155 coal blocks. The report, the draft of which was first reported by ToI on March 22, said the government gave \"undue benefit\" of Rs 10.67 lakh crore to private and state-run entities by giving away coal blocks without bidding.CAG is expected to table the final report in Parliament either in the second half of this month or during the monsoon session in August. The Opposition is expected to use the report to take a swipe at the government. That' why, the sources said, Jaiswal wants Perti to continue since he has had a long stint in the ministry and would be able to frame response to the report better than a newcomer.But senior ministry officials denied CAG report and said the ministry was in the throes of introduction a bidding regime for giving out coal blocks. \"A new person would take time to understand things. Any change at this juncture could, thus, delay things,\" an official said.Another reason cited by Jaiswal for giving Perti an extension is the change of guard at Coal India Ltd (CIL). CIL last month got a full-time chairman after a gap of over a year when former Andhra cadre IAS officer Narsing Rao took charge.The ministry has to sign fuel supply agreements with new power projects under an order from the Prime Minister's Office. The agreements would envisage penalty on CIL if it fails to supply the committed quantity.The company management faced a revolt from independent directors and the single-largest shareholder after the government - UK hedge fund TCI that holds 1% - against the PMO order. The ministry had to issue a Presidential directive to quell that rebellion and get the proposal passed by the CIL board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13042860", "title": "Rains delay drive against tinted glass", "text": "INDORE: The unexpected rain for the last three days has not only given respite from scorching sun, it has also given much-needed relief to the car users with tinted glass! The drive against the tinted glass has failed to take off due to bad weather.\"We were ready for last three days but bad weather has delayed the drive,\" DSP, traffic, Pradeep Singh Chouhan said adding that drive will start from Tuesday. Right now people are using their cars with glass pulled down due to pleasant weather.He said that traffic department had educated its staff about tinted glass and they have constituted four teams to carry out the drive. \"This time we are going to take a strict action against the vehicle owners. During the drive police will not charge any fine instead, we will slap challan. The owner of the vehicle will have to appear before court the next day. The court will decide about the action and fine,\" he said.However, the traffic department that is struggling with manpower crises are not in position to carry out the drive across the city. There is a possibility that the drive may reduce to be just a cosmetic action.Chouhan admitted that the police cannot carry out the drive across the city at the same time. \"We will carry out drive in phases, especially at places where three to four cars can be parked at a time without disturbing the traffic. Conducting drive at crowded places can create chaos in the city,\" said Chouhan adding that action will be taken against the vehicles in which one cannot see person sitting inside from a distance. He urged the people to carry proper documents while travelling to avoid any inconvenience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13044616", "title": "1912 Calcutta photos found in shoebox", "text": "LONDON: A hitherto unknown collection of photographs capturing life and times of 1912 Calcutta has been discovered in a shoebox in Edinburgh .The century-old collection of the Royal Commission of Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland, includes rare and fragile glass plate negatives, which show life at the high point of British Raj.The 178 negatives were wrapped in copies of 'The Statesman' newspaper dating back to 1914.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042427", "title": "Excise rollback: Jewellers to offer 25% discount", "text": "MUMBAI: Jewellers nationwide were relieved when Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee announced withdrawal of the proposed excise duty on gold and diamond jewellery in Parliament on Monday. By way of celebration, some federations will offer a 25% discount on making charges to customers across the country from May 11 to 20.Taking note of the industry's fears over Inspector Raj, he rolled back his Budget 2012 proposal of levying a 1% excise on branded and unbranded jewellery. He also raised the tax collection limit on cash purchases on jewellery from Rs2 lakh to Rs5 lakh.But the customs duty was not withdrawn.\"We are thankful that every single member of Parliament understood our concerns,\" said Dinesh Jain, director, All-India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation. \"By way of thanking our customers who stood by us during the 21-day nationwide shutdown, we have requested members to offer a one-fourth discount on labour charges for 10 days. This is a win-win situation for all as it will bring greater business.\" Coming as it does in the thick of the marriage season, the discount may cover part of the Rs 20,000 crore loss the industry suffered during the strike.Jain said no jeweller would have to bear the brunt of the cutback as the cost would be borne by traders, wholesalers and retailers. The Bombay Bullion Association welcomed the order although it does not propose to offer similar discounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13044058", "title": "Spanish photographer to click state's eunuchs", "text": "VADODARA: For most eunuchs remain a mysterious community that evokes a lot of curiosity as little is known about them to the common man. But for this lady photographer from Spain, the community has come across as a generous and a loving one with which she is working on a project.Isabel Munoz is extensively photographing the eunuchs or transgender persons in Gujarat for her photography project based on hijda culture in the state. She will be travelling to Vadodara and Surat for her project and click portraits of hijdas in their complete regalia. On Monday, she was busy doing so here and clicked them in saris as well as chic western outfits.\"I want to shoot them in all their dignity. It is much like shooting a politician or any important person. My work so far has largely revolved around the human persona and bringing out their dignity and this is a continuation,\" Munoz said.The celebrated photographer has won laurels at World Press Photo contests and the Alexandria Biennial at Egypt .Munoz said she got interested about hijda culture in India and wanted to discover more about it. \"The spiritual aspect about their lives has impressed me the most. They are very generous people and have shared their food, love and smiles with me,\" she said adding that she had also visited Bahucharaji temple that is revered a lot by the transgender population. She said her work amongst the community was possible through Lakshya Trust.Munoz's work will comprise at least 80 portraits of different eunuchs and will include a spectrum of transgender persons across various age groups. \"We will be bringing out large prints of 1.5mX2m for display at various museums and similar places. The presentation will be on a large scale with the best techniques. We will even take some platinum prints for display,\" she said.Munoz holds India in high regard and says that it is a country of 'beautiful' people. \"My mother who travelled widely told me this and even I have realized it,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043193", "title": "Woman held for abetment of suicide", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri police on Sunday arrested a 50-year-old woman for allegedly abetting the suicide of her former tenant. The incident took place on April 27 at Nehrunagar in Pimpri.The Pimpri police said the suspect, Anjana Raghunath Bhegade, is a resident of Nehrunagar. The deceased, Rasika Sachindra Jadhav (27), was also a resident of Nehrunagar. Jadhav's father, Maruti Shirke (50), of Sant Tukaramnagar in Pimpri has lodged a complaint with the police.Police sub-inspector S S Mali said Jadhav and her husband were residing at Bhegade's house on rent. They had given her Rs 7,000 as deposit. \"A few months back the couple shifted to another house in the same locality,\" Mali said. \"The complaint stated that whenever Jadhav demanded her money, Bhegade threatened her and used abusive language.\"On April 27, after another bout of harassment, Jadhav returned home and informed her husband. She then consumed some poisonous substance. She was rushed to the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital, where she succumbed during treatment on Saturday afternoon. On the basis of the complaint lodged by Shirke, the police arrested Bhegade under section 306 (abetment of suicide) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13042908", "title": "Get Jamnagar DSP to explain, HC tells home secretary, DGP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat High Court has directed the state home secretary and director general of police (DGP) to seek an explanation from the Jamnagar district superintendent of police and an inspector on the alleged torture of one Vishal Sanghani. The high court on Monday directed the two top officials to get an explanation from Jamnagar superintendent of police, Subhash Trivedi, and police inspector AP Jadeja as to why they should not be suspended for torturing Sanghani.In April, the high court had stated that \"If no final decision is taken by the magistrate, who is assigned the inquiry, on or before May 4, the court would pass appropriate orders.\"On Monday, as the matter came up for hearing, there was no decision received by the court. So later the high court passed the orders, asking the home secretary and DGP to file their replies by May 9. Now, the matter will be taken up on Wednesday.Counsel for Sanghani, Gayatriben Jadeja, submitted that her client was arrested in 2011 for possessing liquor and was tortured by police in custody. Based on a complaint by Sanghani, a magisterial inquiry was ordered. A certificate issued by the in-charge of GG Hospital, Jamnagar, about the injuries caused to Sanghani was also produced in the court.She contended that the petitioner also demanded compensation for violation of his rights guaranteed not only under the Constitution of India but also by way of pubic law remedy.The court observed that the manner in which the affidavit reply was filed by the DSP justifying the action of torture of the accused in custody branding him as a habitual offender \"is not accepted\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "seeleru", "code": "13043692", "title": "\u2018Discriminated\u2019 Naxal leader quits", "text": "SEELERU: Close on the heels of Odisha Maoist leader Prasanth Majhi deciding to quit following the 'humiliation' meted out to him by the Chhattisgarh leaders and cadres, a deputy commander of People's Liberation Guerrilla Army, Maoist party's military wing, surrendered before police at Malkangiri in Orissa on Monday alleging humiliation from cadres of AP and Chhattisgarh.Ramesh alias Raiman Pangi was the third hardcore Maoist leader to surrender in the last two months. Pappulur squad commander Pravin and his wife, deputy commander Nirmala had given up arms and joined the mainstream in March and April. He was involved in the Balimela incident in which 37 Greyhounds personnel met with a watery grave in the Balimela reservoir, attack on a BSF camp in Koraput and blasting of Essar company property at Chitrakonda.Ramesh, a native of Dotunguda of Chitrakonda police station limits, joined the Maoist party about 10 years ago and was involved in party activities in Odisha and AP. According to police, the 28-year-old was the deputy commander of the first central regional command (CRC) in the Andhra Orissa Border (AOB).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13048356", "title": "Munisha Khatwani plays her cards well", "text": "Munisha Khatwani who was last seen in Survivor India as a participant is probably the only known celebrity tarot card reader who is an actress as well as reality show participant. And she has reached such heights with a lot of hard work.For Munisha it all started a decade back. \"My journey as a tarot card reader began about 10 years ago when a lot of things in my life were not going right. I used to practice tarot on the sets and a lot of my friends were my guinea pigs. People gave me the feedback that I am good at this and should pursue this. After giving a lot of thought, I decided to do so. I think my cards worked and I got Teen Deviyaan.\"This show definitely got Munisha her due success and fame in the industry as an actress. At the same time her near perfect tarot card readings helped many people in the industry. Khatwani adds, \"In the age where shows cannot sustain for a year, my show completed four years before winding up. And what made things better was tarot segment in Simi Selects India's most desirables which surely added to lot of Credibility\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044339", "title": "City water project faces uncertainty", "text": "CHENNAI: Work in the suburbs on water pipelines under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) is likely to come to a halt. The Centre has in a recent communique instructed all civic agencies in the country to have metered water billing systems in place before they apply for funds. Those who fail to follow the instruction will not be given funds for the next phase of work.The second phase of water pipeline work under JNNURM will be launched in the next few months and Metrowater officials are worried that they will not be able to secure the funds needed, as the city does not use water meters to levy charges. The charge for household connections is based on the value of the property.\"If the Centre insists on implementation of a water meter system, then people in the suburbs may soon have to install water meters, as the second phase of the JNNURM covers those areas,\" a senior Metrowater official said.The official said the first phase of the JNNURM project in the suburbs is being implemented at a cost of 337 crore. \"It is expected that the second phase of this project could completely resolve drinking water problems in the suburbs,\" he said.Metrowater is planning to a metered water billing system in the city. \"There is a proposal for a metered water billing system,\" the official said. \"We now have a fixed charge for households.\"Experts said water meters will calculate water charges accurately. \"It will also reduce the wastage of water and earn the utility additional income\" an expert said.The communique from the Centre also insisted that public-private-partnership (PPP) mode be followed for drinking water projects. \"There is a critical need to have PPP in these sectors not only because it will bring in capital but also because it will also result in greater efficiency and higher levels of customer satisfaction,\" the Centre said. \"Given the fact that the total investment over the last 20-year period is approximately one-tenth of that required, PPP needs to be considered as one of the key strategies.\"Union urban development minister Kamal Nath recently said that involvement of private players would be important to modernize the water supply system. He said implementation of projects on PPP basis in various cities including Nagpur, Hubli-Dharwad and Navi Mumbai have resulted in excellent service, supply round the clock and lower incidence of water contamination.Kamal Nath said JNNURM Phase-II would emphasize on the need to follow the PPP model. He said there is also a proposal to launch an urban infrastructure fund for PPP in collaboration with Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13041815", "title": "Venkatesh Prasad's wife trades words with cops", "text": "BANGALORE: Police officials at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium, who have been told to sanitize the area whenever cricket players arrive and leave before or after any match, ended up trading words with Jayanthi Prasad, wife of former Indian cricketer Venkatesh Prasad, after the IPL tie between Bangalore and Hyderabad on Sunday.Trouble began around 12.10 am soon after police officials asked Jayanthi, who was waiting to get into her car with another senior citizen and driver, to clear the place. Jayanthi allegedly took offence and began arguing with police officials.Police alleged that Jayanthi used foul language despite being told why she was being asked to leave the spot. Senior police officers were summoned but Jayanthi refused to budge. Prasad arrived on the scene and he also joined the argument.Prasad later issued a press release saying: \"Both my wife and I regret the incident and the matter has since been amicably discussed with all concerned and resolved, and now stands closed.\" No formal complaint was lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13042931", "title": "Dacoity at Manhunt launched to nab dacoits brother house:Manhunt launched to trace dacoits", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik district rural police have launched a manhunt to trace the dacoits who fled with gold worth over Rs 20 lakh durnig an in an armed dacoity at the in the farmhouse of Sayaji Borse, the brother of sitting BJP MLA from Baglan, Umaji Borse. While Sayaji is still being treated for the wounds he suffered in the dacoity, the Jaikheda police have alerted the crime branch to trace the culprits.The dacoity took place between 11.30 pm and 12 around midnight on May 5 in Ladud village in Baglan tehsil. roughly about 100 kms from here.Sayaji was fast asleep in his farm house with his son Virdhan (8) and wife Rekha , when about six to seven masked dacoits, armed with a revolver and other weapons, broke open the door of the house using with the help of iron rods.According to reports, before Sayaji Borse could know what was happening, Borse was reportedly hit on the head with a rod. The dacoits threatened to kill Borse's son and made away with jewellery that Borse and his wife were wearing. and looted his home as they threated to kill his son under gunpoint. he suffered a huge blow from an iron rod.The dacoits later kept a gun on the head of Sayaji Borse's son Virdhan and looted the jewellery Sayaji and his wife were wearing.Fearing that the dacoits might do something wrong with his son, Sayaji Borse and his wife removed the jewellery they were wearing without saying a word. Later on, the armed gang also he dacoits broke the cupboard inside the house and took away gold jewellery worth Rs 20.84 lakh and cash of Rs 12,000 from a locked cupboard.Borse said that the dacoits were in the age group of 25 to 30 years and were dressed in jeans. and most of them were wearing jeans and had their faces covered.After removing the jewellery from the cupboard, soon after the incidenneighbours rushed to their house and the dacoity was reported to the Jaykheda police station. Superintendent of police Padwal also reached the spot of the incident. Despite subsequent nakabandis, the culprits have still not been nabbed till date.The police have launched a manhunt to trace the robbers who have reportedly committed similar dacoities in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13048440", "title": "65% Pakistanis want Gilani to resign after his conviction: Poll", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Sixty-five per cent of Pakistanis want Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani to resign after his conviction of contempt by the Supreme Court, according to a poll conducted by a leading media group.The poll conducted by Geo news channel said the apex court's verdict had resulted in mixed views among the people, with 36 per cent saying they were happy about it, 32 per cent expressing sadness and 31 per cent saying they were unsure.Nearly 50 per cent of respondents said they were in favour of the court's decision, while 38 per cent said they were opposed to it.Geo is part of the Jang group, which has been behind a campaign calling for the resignation of Gilani following his conviction of contempt last month for refusing to revive graft cases in Switzerland against President Asif Ali Zardari .The court gave him a symbolic sentence of less than a minute. Gilani has refused to quit, saying only the speaker of the National Assembly can disqualify him.The news channel said its \"nationally representative poll\" covered some 2,500 men and women. It did not say when or where the survey was conducted.Geo contended that respondents who said they would have \"rejoiced\" if the apex court had ordered a stricter sentence of six months and put Gilani behind bars was 40 per cent.Six per cent said they would have protested if the punishment was six months in prison.A section of respondents believed Zardari carried a \"greater burden of guilt\" in the graft cases - 28 per cent believed he is more to blame, compared with 17 per cent who blamed Gilani and 40 per cent who considered them equally guilty.The Supreme Court enjoyed a high level of popular support, according to the poll. However, its popular support came at the cost of inviting controversy.Forty-five per cent said their positive view or appreciation of the Supreme Court had increased as a result of the conviction of the premier.However, 26 per cent said their view of the court has been tarnished on the same grounds.While 61 per cent believed the court is performing a good job by taking up a range of public interest cases, 20 per cent believed it \"oversteps its mandate\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13043371", "title": "44 special neo-natal care units in state soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Health officials have stepped up efforts to reduce the mortality rate in the state to less than 20 per 1,000 births by the end of 2012 fiscal. Department is planning to strengthen neo-natal services through the establishment of 44 special newborn care units (SNCUs).Health commissioner Praveen Prakash said on Monday that government has identified reduction of neo-natal mortality as one of the key objectives of the Integrated Mother and Child Health Action Plan (IMCH action plan). He said efforts were underway to reduce the mortality rate from the current 34 per 1,000 live births to less than 20 per 1,000 live births by the end of 2012 fiscal. Similarly, we plan to bring down the maternal mortality ratio (MMR) to less than 100 per 1 lakh live births by 2012-13, he added. Since neo-natal mortality ratio continues to be higher in the rural and tribal areas, especially among scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, the state government has decided to strengthen the neo-natal care services in all health centers throughout the state (PHCs, CHCs, area, district and teaching hospitals) giving priority to remote, interior and tribal areas and habitations.Accordingly, eight would come up in tribal areas with 12-bedded SNCUs and the remaining 36 would be in other areas with 24-bedded SNCUs. A SNCU is a neo-natal unit in the vicinity of the labour room that provides level-II care (all care except assisted ventilation and major surgery) to sick newborns. Fourteen SNCUs are already functioning in the state. These SNCUs (Pratyeka Navajata Sisu Chikitsa Kendrams) could be called as \"Sisu Sanjivani\" or \"Chinnari Suraksha,\" he added. Eight SCNUs would come up in the tribal areas of Eturnagaram in Warangal, Bhadrachalam in Khammam, Chintapally and Paderu in Visakhapatnam, Parvathipuram in Vizianagaram, Rampachodavaram in East Godavari, Srisailam in Kurnool and Utnoor in Adilabad.Niloufer hospital has been identified as the nodal center for capacity building, and monitoring of SNCUs in the state. He said all districts have been instructed to fill the posts of paediatricians and supporting staff through the district selection committee chaired by the district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043613", "title": "Cracks show in Team Anna, members stay away from Maharashtra campaign", "text": "NEW DELHI: A week after activist Anna Hazare launched his state-wide campaign for a Lokayukta in Maharashtra, Team Anna members are conspicuous by their absence indicating sharp differences within the group on the way forward. Significantly, this comes at a time when Hazare has announced his intention to share the stage with Baba Ramdev despite deep reservations among the activists on the yoga guru's credibility.Hazare is travelling across Maharashtra to campaign for a Lokayukta within the state. The tour that started from Shirdi on May 1 will cover nearly all major districts. The activist is expected to address over 60 public meetings over the next month, ending the campaign on June 2 in Mumbai before joining Ramdev in Delhi on June 3.However, none of the Team Anna members have participated in the tour or plan to do so. Members Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi did not respond to calls and messages. Sources within the group said some members felt the Maharashtra tour had brought the movement to a local level from a national one and had frittered away the advantage that the team had after the hugely successful Lokpal movement.Incidentally, Hazare aide Suresh Pathare tweeted from Latur on May 6 saying, \"Latur demand strong and effective act for Maharashtra, can Hon Vilasrao (Deshmukh) give this message to Congress high command (sic).'' The tweet assumes significance because the former Maharashtra CM is known to be an \"effective'' Hazare handler and was the one who handed over PM Manmohan Singh's letter to the activist during the August 2011 fast, bringing an end to the 12-day high voltage drama. Sources said Deshmukh continued to be in touch with Hazare and his aides even after the fast.There is also increasing concern over the \"influence\" Ramdev has on some team members. Team members continue to be rankled by the closeness between Ramdev and Hazare who have announced that they would support each other's campaign. In fact, Hazare had recently defended Ramdev's controversial remark calling parliamentarians \"dacoits and murderers\" and pledged his support to the guru's 'black money' campaign. A press conference where the announcement was made was kept so secret by Ramdev that it caught Team Anna members by surprise.Sources also said that followers had begun to express doubts about Hazare's integrity. He had said he would tour the country in April 2011 but he did not. He made a similar announcement in August 2011 which never saw the light of day. He was unable to travel to the five poll-bound states after he fell ill in December 2011, taking nearly three months to recuperate.At the April Jantar Mantar fast, Anna had again said he would tour the country after the Parliament session was over in May. With less than two weeks to go, there is no word on the plan ahead with Hazare's Maharashtra campaign culminating only on June 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13043549", "title": "Calicut University gave land to Kerala Olympic Association though it had no funds", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala Olympic Association (KOA), one of the beneficiaries of the controversial land allotments made by the Calicut University, has admitted that it had 'zero cash assets' of its own.The varsity vice-chancellor M Abdul Salam had gone on record that the university had entered into a pact with the association after taking into account their ability to raise funds for the Rs 92-crore green sports complex project floated by the varsity.He had also said that the association was roped into the project after it approached the varsity with promise of providing funds for the project. \"We have zero cash assets. KOA is not a body that invests funds in projects. Even the expense for the daily activities of the association is met by personal contributions of its office-bearers,\" said P A Hamza, secretary general of the association and brother-in-law of M K Muneer, minister of panchayats and social welfare at a press meet here on Monday.He also demanded a judicial probe into the controversy to clear the association from the allegations levelled against it. Hamza said association took up the initiative to set up the sports complex project in Kozhikode after chief minister Oommen Chandy asked the authorities to find a suitable land to set up a sports complex similar to the National Institute of Sports, Patiala, in the district in October 2011.\"When we approached the varsity for land, the VC said that the varsity had already initiated the process of establishing a green sports complex project and asked for our cooperation in implementing it,\" he said. Hamza said Syndicate member RS Panikkar had asked the association to contact the university after the Syndicate failed to reach a consensus on the earlier request for land by the Badminton Development Trust.On the remark of sports minister KB Ganesh Kumar that KOA was a paper organization, he said the association was involved in the organization of the upcoming national games hosted by the state. \"We are the state-level organization of the Indian Olympic Association. How can anyone term an association which has entered into a pact with the state government for organizing the national games as a paper organization?\" he asked.KOA district secretary VM Mohanan and member TM Velayudhan were present at the press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043301", "title": "Gold traders laud duty rollback", "text": "KOLKATA: City-based jewellers and gold traders have hailed Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's move to roll back the levy (1% excise duty) on all precious metal jewellery. This will help over 2 lakh people from the industry in the state, feel traders.\"The FM has kept his promise. This was needed for our industry at this point of time. It will eradicate the 'inspector raaj'. We must also not forget that the credit should go to the community as a whole who had raised their voices to bring about this change,\" said Pankaj Parekh, chairman (eastern region), Gems and Jewellery Exports Promotional Council.Bowing to strong demand within and outside Lok Sabha , Mukherjee on Monday said, \"The government has decided to withdraw the levy on all precious metal jewellery - branded or unbranded - with effect from March 17, 2012.\"According to B C Sen, president, Swarna Shilpa Bachao Committee, \"We have crossed a big hurdle. We are thankful to Pranab Mukherjee for understanding our problem.\"Following Mukherjee's budget proposals on March 16, 2012, the jewellers had gone on a 21-day nationwide strike beginning March 19. Over 30,000 jewellery stores across Bengal, including 3,000 in the city, had kept their shutters down during this period. \"Our main contention was with the excise law as it should not be there in a handicraft industry where most of the manufacturing facilities are carried out by unorganized sector staff,\" said B Bamalwa, chairman, All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation.The Centre has also raised the threshold limit for tax collection at source on cash purchase of jewellery to Rs 5 lakh from the present Rs 2 lakh. \"This is in tune with the international practices and now, India is also alligned to that.\" added Parekh.Bamalwa indicated this move as a very positive message. He said, \"By raising the threshold limit he has given a positive message to the industry and I am ecstatic about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044215", "title": "Two held for flying kites using 'maanja' thread", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Sunday arrested two people for flying kites using 'maanja' thread (glass-laced kite string) at Anna Salai and seized the maanja thread.Chennai police began their crackdown on kite sellers after a motorist died last month, near Maduarvoyal, when a maanja string slashed his neck while he was riding his bike. Following continuing raids at various places in North Chennai, police arrested Sayeed Hakim of Anna Salai and Mahesh of Royapettah on Sunday evening. \"They were found flying kites using a manja string. They were picked up while we were patrolling the area. Despite a warning sent across the city not to use such strings, we found them using it,\" said a police officer.A case under was booked under Section 71 (14) of the City Police Act, 1888 a bailable section.On April 3, police had arrested 23 people for selling kites - 17 shopkeepers were arrested in west zone, three kite sellers from north zone, two from south zone and one from east zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13043716", "title": "Jokatte accident: Victims hail from Odisha, Jharkhand", "text": "MANGALORE: It took city police a good 24 hours to ascertain the names of the victims and 13 others who sustained injuries in the Tempo Trax accident at Doddakere near Jokatte on Sunday. Five of the eight accident victim's hail from Odisha and the rest are from Jharkhand. M Puttamadaiah, assistant commissioner of police (Mangalore north sub-division) gave the names of victims as Chandran Patra, Chandra Mohan, Prakash Chandra, Ketu Chatarpaniya, and Chitra Sen Gir, all from Odisha; and Nannu Khan alias Salman Khan , Risiyaz Khan alias MD Imran and Maqsood Khan, all natives of Jharkhand.All the victims are aged between 20 and 30 years, he said and added autopsy of all the victims has been completed.Those injured are identified as Saji alias Shah Jahan,30, driver of the ill-fate Tempo Trax, Safiyan, 19, Gurucharan, 32, Karneshwar Naik,40, Sheik Imran, 19, Pooncha Nana Faida, 25, Hemanth, 25, Panchandal Gorodisa, 24, Karthik Marena, 25, Abhishek,18, Indarjeet,25, Gurunath, 20 and Sajuddin, 25. While Gurunath and Sajuddin are undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Surathkal, the rest are recuperating at a private hospital in the city.B Chaluvaraju, police inspector, Panambur told TOI that motor vehicle inspector who inspected the vehicle said there was nothing wrong with it and the accident was caused due to rash and negligent driving by Shaji.A case has been booked against M/s Toyo Engineering India Ltd, LSTK (lump sum) contractor for MRPL, Mukund Engineers, main contractor and Nirmithi Enterprises, sub-contractor under sections 279, 304(A), 337, 338 of IPC.A MRPL official told TOI that CM DV Sadananda Gowda had spoken to PP Upadhya, director (technical) about the accident and instructed him to ensure that families of victims receive highest amount as compensation. \"We are in the process of trying to ascertain job profiles of these labourers and for whom they were working,\" the official said. Puttamadaiah said arrangements have been made to send the bodies of victims to their next of kin.Errant contractors feel the heatThe accident that claimed eight lives at Doddakere near Jokatte on Sunday has forced Mangalore city police to take note of the manner in which human lives are being compromised.This is the second accident involving labourers, most of them migrants from Odisha, West Bengal , Jharkhand , to work at Mangalore Special Economic Zone sites, in the past three months.On February 12, three workers were killed and 21 others were injured when a mini bus in which they were travelling from their worksite in Jokatte to their rooms hit an electricity pole and toppled at Shantigudde Cross under Bajpe police station limits. About 70 labourers, police said, working for Punj Llyod, were travelling in the mini bus (KA 19 C 8423) at the time of the mishap.City police chief Seemant Kumar Singh told TOI that he has directed Mangalore north sub-division ACP M Puttamadaiah and police inspectors of Bajpe, Panambur and Surathkal police stations to convene a meeting of contractors and subcontractors who supply labourers to MSEZ and MRPL forthwith. We will also collect details of labourers and the type of vehicles used to transport them. Surprise checks will be conducted on the routes used by contractors to ferry labourers to the worksites of MSEZ and MRPL. \"The absence of a dedicated traffic police station in the area is felt more acutely than ever before after the Sunday's accident.However, it cannot be an excuse for overlooking blatant violation of traffic and human safety,\"he said. Contractors on their part cannot seek to cut corners by cramping labourers in pick-up vehicles. \"The accident has opened our eyes. We are also thinking of involving the regional transport office in curbing the menace within the scope of powers vested in them,\" he added.24 hours after the tragedy, victims are still in state of confusionEighteen-year-old Abhishek Swami from Bidar, who had a providential escape in the Tempo Trax accident that claimed eight lives at Doddakere near Jokatte on Sunday, is yet to recover from the shock.Abhishek, a painter in Mangalore Special Economic Zone's worksite, was literally thanking god for saving his life on Monday when he heard the news of the death of his eight colleagues in the accident.He only remembers that he was sitting in the front row in the vehicle when the accident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13045065", "title": "Special investigating team to fix accountability of officials", "text": "SHIMLA: Acting on the direction of Himachal Pradesh high court, a special investigating team (SIT) from the state vigilance and anti-corruption bureau is all set to start its inquiry to fix accountability of officials in giving clearance to a cement plant and thermal power plant in Solan district.The green bench of the high court on Friday had imposed a fine of Rs 100 crore on Jaiprakash Associates Ltd (JAL) for having set up a whole cement plant by adopting fraudulent means, and also quashed environment clearance to a 62 MW captive thermal plant, directing that it be dismantled within three months. The court also ordered the government to set up a SIT to establish accountability of officials responsible for permitting the illegality.According to sources, the SIT would check records of the state pollution control board, electricity board and industries department. Apart from officials of these departments, those from revenue and local administration too have come under the scanner after the court verdict and their role too would be probed.Additional director general of police (vigilance and anti-corruption bureau) K C Sadyal said they would precede with the investigation only after reading the 95-page judgment thoroughly. As per direction of the court, the SIT has to submit its report by the end of December.After the court verdict, a war of words has also started between the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party and opposition Congress. While state Congress president Kaul Singh Thakur has demanded resignation of chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , state BJP president Satpal Satti has blamed the previous Congress regime for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13045411", "title": "General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade allows the neighbours to work as common market", "text": "LAHORE: If there is political will, India and Pakistan can start trading with each other as a common market without in any way infringing on their respective trading relationships with other countries. This is because a common market was envisaged for the two nations at the time of independence.Speaking at the 2nd Indo-Pak Economic Conference, Pakistan commerce secretary Zafar Mahmood said under Article 24 of GATT, India and Pakistan can function as a single economy. \"This has not been realized though India and Pakistan had great trade with each other initially. Even when war was on,\" he said.He said trade, which was almost normal till 1965, was suspended till 1974 when it was re-started on a positive list basis. While India accorded Pakistan the most favoured nation (MFN) status in the mid-90 s, it has not really translated into large exports to India as Pakistani businessmen say non-tariff barriers are high, he said.The past year has seen real progress being made to ease trade relations. From a positive list, Pakistan has now shifted to a negative list (goods that cannot be imported from India) of 1,209 items.The government has promised to phase that out by the year-end subject to successful negotiations with India on a number of pending traderelated issues, he said. He said India has given concessions to all SAARC nations, except Pakistan and Sri Lanka but with the latter it has a separate FTA.Mian Muhammed Mansha, chairman of MCB Bank said all trade points operational in 1965 should be re-opened . Speakers at the conference highlighted that informal trade between the nations is high and every effort should be made to capture it legally so that both countries gain.Bashir Ali Muhammed, chairman , Gul Ahmed, pointed out that $600-million worth goods come to Pakistan from India annually through the informal route. He said it is a pity that the two countries, which account for 90% of the region's GDP, have poor trade relations currently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042742", "title": "\u2018Kanyadaan\u2019 of a minor girl lands Madhya Pradesh minister in soup", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh minister of state for scheduled caste welfare Harishankar Khatik is in the midst of a row after he performed 'Kanyadaan'-under the government sponsored 'Kanyadaan Yojana-of a tribal girl who not only turned out to be a minor but the marital status of her groom was also found questionable.The incident took place on April 25 'Akshayatritya day' at Tikamgarh district's Tapariyan-a village that came into national focus after Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi stayed there in 2008-where a mass marriage function was organised under the state-sponsored Kanyadaan Yojana-a scheme aimed to provide financial assistance to the poor, needs, destitute families for marrying of their daughters.Accompanied by his wife, the minister performed 'Kanyadaan' of tribal girl Ankuri Devi, who was married to Ramesh. But the minister's trouble began after the groom's alleged first wife surfaced and the opposition Congress grabbed the opportunity, demanding prosecution of the minister under the provisions of prohibition of Child Marriage Act 2006 and under the Indian Penal code.Mithila Devi, who claims to be the legally married wife of Ramesh, and her parents on Monday met leader of the opposition in the assembly Ajay Singh, who took them to the state governor Ram Naresh Yadav and submitted a memorandum, demanding action against the minister.Mithila Devi claimed that the authorities-who conducted the mass marriage ceremony-had kept her family members in dark on her husband's second marriage to be held at the government function.In a memorandum to the governor, the leader of the opposition said the bride, whose marriage was performed at the government ceremony, was a minor as per her school records which showed her date of birth as May 11, 1996. Besides, the groom Ramesh had earlier married Mithila Devi on May 6 last year.He pointed out that chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had written to all his ministers and all district collectors concerned to take appropriate legal action to check child marriage. The Congress leader said he had already brought this incident to the notice of chief minister but no action was taken against the minister.Singh urged the governor to sack the minister and to initiate legal action against him for performing 'Kanyadaan\" of a minor girl and for the lapse for not verifying the antecedents of the groom, who turned out to be already married.However, the minister of state Harishankar Khatik maintains that the civil surgeon of Chhatrapur district had certified the girl's age as 18 years. But the opposition Congress countered the argument saying civil surgeon's certificate for age would be valid only when no other documents, such as school records, are available as proof for date of birth.Khatik also dismissed the opposition charges against him and termed it as 'politically motivated\" saying that Congress was trying to make a mountain out a molehill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044258", "title": "Woman dies post delivery, kin protest", "text": "CHENNAI: A 27-year-old ayurvedic doctor died soon after she gave birth to a boy at an ayurvedic clinic in Adyar. The kin of the woman, S Manjula Devi, staged a protest and lodged a complaint with the Adyar police on Monday alleging negligence on the part of the clinic.Police said Manjula Devi was admitted to the clinic on Kamaraj Avenue in Adyar on April 30. She delivered a boy around 9.30pm. A couple of hours later, she suffered breathlessness and was taken to a private hospital where she was declared 'brought dead.' Her husband Sundar, also an ayurvedic doctor at Ayappakkam and native of Tirunelveli district, lodged a complaint with the police.On Monday, they staged a protest before the clinic, alleging negligence on the part of the doctor. They alleged that the patient was not taken care of properly by the clinic which they said was short-staffed. Police have summoned the doctor for questioning.The hospital has done several deliveries, a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043156", "title": "Man arrested for extortion attempt", "text": "PUNE: The Yerawada police on Sunday arrested a 39-year-old man for allegedly attempting to extort Rs 3.5 crore from a developer by threatening to defame him and to cancel all his land deals in Kesnand village in Haveli taluka.The police have identified the suspect as Vitthal alias Nana Namdev Hargude of Kesnand, currently residing at Mandar society in Padmavati. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Hanif Gulamali Somji (47) of Boat Club Road. A police team led by inspector Vishwanath Ghanwat of Yerawada police station made the arrest.Ghanwat said Hargude and other farmers in Kesnand had sold their land to Somji's company for a housing project in 2008. \"Hargude has alleged that he had helped the company purchase the land,\" Ghanwat said.After the deal was completed, Hargude used to visit the company's office and demand commission from the directors and other officials. \"Hargude also used to threaten the company directors that he would not allow them to enter Kesnand. He used to blackmail them by threatening to call a press conference,\" Ghanwat said.Ghanwat said the suspect also used to make threatening calls on the cellphone of the secretary of the company and used to send threatening messages on her cellphone.Ghanwat said on April 23 and on May 5, Hargude had gone to the company's office in Yerawada and demanded Rs 3.5 crore as his commission. \"He also had threatened to defame the company by giving false advertisement in the newspapers,\" Ghanwat said.Following this, Hanif Somji lodged the complaint. \"We arrested Hargude on Sunday and produced him before the court on Monday,\" Ghanwat said.Seeking Hargude's police custody for seven days, assistant public prosecutor Kiran Bendbhar told the court that the suspect had created a bogus letterhead of the company. He used to threatened the company by using that letterhead. \"We want to recover the letter from the suspect,\" Bendbhar told the court.Hargude was sent to the police custody till May 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043116", "title": "Fair to mark Tagore's birthday", "text": "KOLKATA: Celebrations to mark Tagore's birth anniversary kicked off began at Jorasanko Thakurbari on Monday. It began with the inauguration of the 26th Lokshilpa-O-Karukriti Mela organized by the State Academy of Dance, Drama, Music and Visual Arts.A wide range of traditional art and craft from various districts of the state have been put on exhibit. Apart from presented at the mela like patachitras, decorative items made from sola, lac, jute, wood, clay, terracotta, shabar grass and buffalo horns, dokra metalware, Chhau masks, batik work, baluchari and kantha stitch items are also on offer.\"It was in 1986 that the Academy, inspired by Tagore's Swadeshi melas of the past, had first organized this mela at Jorasanko with a view to meaningfully support and help revive traditional art and craft. In this initiative, the Academy had been greatly inspired by the thoughts underlying Tagore's swadeshi melas of the past,\" said vice chancellor of Rabindra Bharati University, Chinmoy Guha.During the inauguration, education minister Bratya Basu said, \"While promulgating the university ordinance, we wanted to establish autonomy in the education sector and remove political influence from the institutes.Now that it has been possible in RBU has gained autonomy, I would urge the VC to start exploring contemporary art too. and not just confine students to the study of traditional art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13042173", "title": "Tipeshwar villagers will be rehabilitated in two years: Pravin Pardesi", "text": "YAVATMAL: Principal secretary of state forest department Pravin Pardesi on Monday reiterated that the Tipeshwar village in the wildlife sanctuary situated 80km away from the city would be rehabilitated in two years. He was talking to the media persons in Yavatmal en route to Tipeshwar where he will have one-to-one dialogue with the affected people.\"It's my first visit to the sanctuary. I will talk to the villagers and explain the proposals to rehabilitate them honourably. There would be no use of force of any kind upon the tribals and their constitutional rights over the jungle would not be challenged,\" he said. \"In their gram sabha meeting the villagers have passed a resolution to shift to a safer place outside the sanctuary and agreed to accept the Rs 10 lakh compensation package (per family),\" he said\"It was a lapse on the part of the state government as the rehabilitation process should have been started much earlier as Tipeshwar got sanctuary status 37 years ago,\" he admittedPardesi informed that the state government has chalked out a number of programmes to safeguard the human life and property besides protecting the wild animals.\"Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan has personally taken interest in the matter of wildlife sanctuaries and allotted Rs 50,000 per year to each divisional forest officer to grant instant financial reward to the informer of poaching and smuggling of valuable woods. Each informer would be given Rs 4,000-5,000 from the fund for tip-off,\" he said.\"Another major decision is to introduce satellite remote sensing equipment to identify the illegal activities by the jungle mafias in the protected areas,\" he said, adding, \"The proposals for increasing the territorial limit of all the tiger projects has also been accepted by the government and would be implemented shortly.\"While replying a question as to why there is an alarming decline of tiger population in the sanctuaries of Vidarbha,Pardesi said, \"There are 43 sanctuaries in the state which have a tiger population of 169 and about 240 villages are affected by these sanctuaries. The conflict between man and animal and falling prey base are the two main reasons for the decline of tiger number in the Vidarbha forests.\"On the ever growing tree felling and smuggling from the forest and revenue land by mafias, Pardesi said, \"I would look into it. No one will be spared if found guilty.\"Additional principal chief conservator of forests AK Saxena, CCF Pench Tiger Project Ashraf Arakkal and Yavatmal CCF Girish Tyagi were present during the press briefing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13043545", "title": "Pipe leak parches Kannur", "text": "KANNUR: A major pipe-burst in the main link from Pazhassi Dam, the source of drinking water for Kannur town, has increased the plight of residents who have been reeling under the rising summer heat. The crisis has also affected the functioning of the district hospital here.Though the incident happened a week ago, the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) has been struggling to plug the five-metre-long break in the asbestos cement pipe. KWA officials said water supply will be resumed on Tuesday evening if the work on pipe is completed by Monday evening.Even if the repair is completed on time, it will take at least three days for the entire town to get water. \"We won't be able to know if there are leaks in other areas unless we resume the water supply. If there leaks, it will take more time to fully resume the supply. We decided to divide the town into three zones so that the people would get sufficient water on the day of supply,\" a KWA official said.T Pradeepan, a KWA official, said that a permanent remedy to pipe-bursts is to replace all of them with ductile iron pipes. A Rs 67-crore project is under way to install iron pipes but it will take another year to complete the work. He said the existing pipelines are in a poor state and in the recent past 20 incidents of pipe bursts have been reported.The KWA is also planning to cut the pumping pressure which in turn will reduce the pressure of water flowing through the age-old pipes. But on the flip side, this move will reduce the rate of water pumped to the main tank forcing KWA to supply water zone-wise.Meanwhile, the summer heat has dried up the wells in the region and residents are depending on tanker services for their daily supply of water. The KWA officials said increasing number of bore wells and poor awareness on water conservation has severely depleted the groundwater level. \"If we fail to take some concrete steps soon, the crisis would worsen in next summer,\" said Pradeepan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13044076", "title": "Centre to fund rural water projects", "text": "RANCHI: The Union government has accepted the proposal of state drinking water and sanitation department to fund rural drinking water projects and also assist the project to tackle arsenic and fluoride contamination in Santhal Parganas and Palamu divisions.Union rural development has given in-principle approval for the water projects and asked the department to submit the detailed project report at the earliest. Centre will provide a financial assistance of around Rs 450 crore for the projects.State drinking water and sanitation department secretary Sudhir Prasad said of this total fund, around Rs 280 crore will be spent on rural water schemes in 24 districts. \"Apart from this, we have demanded Rs 150 crore for making contamination-free water in Santhal Parganas and Palamu division,\" said Prasad adding they expect the Central government will approve the special projects for two divisions at the earliest, as Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has already approved them. Sources in the department said, \"Central aid will help in improving the situation, especially in rural areas of the state, where people struggle to get potable water close to their house.\"\"We have over three lakh hand-pumps, but 25% of these are non-functional. If the projects are implemented, the problem of maintenance of hand-pumps will be solved forever. It will also help in preventing excessive exploitation of underground water,\" said sources.Engineers in the department said at present, two districts of Santhal Parganas - Sahebganj and Pakur - fall in arsenic zone and the amount present in underground water exceeds permissible limit. Similarly, the two districts of Palamu division - Garhwa and Palamu are in fluoride zone.\"If we get adequate fund, we hope to tackle the problem effectively for times to come,\" said an engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044509", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee joins rollback club with Yashwant Sinha, P Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pranab Mukherjee shares the record of presenting the maximum number of Budgets - seven in all - with four finance ministers, P Chidambaram, Yashwant Sinha , YB Chavan and CD Deshmukh.With the long list of amendments proposed by him, he may have equalled, if not bettered, Sinha's record of introducing the maximum number of amendments to the Finance Bill, which had earned the BJP leader the title of \"rollback FM\". Rollbacks or changes to Budget are not new and there will probably be no finance minister who has not had to make amends before the passage of the Finance Bill.After all, what the finance minister announces in his Budget speech are only proposals.But it's the high profile changes that attract attention. Mukherjee announced nearly half-a-dozen amendments ranging from dropping proposals related to excise duty on jewellery to anti-black money initiatives such as tax collection and deduction in case of property and bullion purchase.In addition, the General Anti-Avoidance Rules have been put on the backburner following protests from investors.On his part, in 1998, when Sinha presented NDA's first budget, he had to roll back the proposed urea price hike by 50% a day after his Budget speech in Parliament.A few weeks later, he was forced to settle for a 4% special countervailing duty on imports, instead of the proposed 8%. Further, he dropped the 8% excise on namkeen and mithais.An exercise undertaken by the finance ministry during Chidambaram's term in 2004 had showed that Sinha's Finance Bill contained 122 clauses and 91 amendments, with 45 of them amended. In 2004, Chidambaram's bill had 111 clauses, 55 amendments, and there were 24 that were amended. A bulk of the amendments that he had suggested related to the securities transaction tax, which, like GAAR, drew investor ire.So, like his predecessor, Mukherjee too has sought to comfort foreign investors the most, especially those from Mauritius , who are known to cry foul every time there is even a mention of amending the rules. In any case, the veteran Congressman, wiser from Sinha and Jaswant Singh's experience with cutting fertilizer subsidies, had decided to keep several such provisions out of his Budget speech. \"It (the changes announced on Monday) is the result of the pressure brought bare on the government and the finance minister between the time he introduced the Finance Bill (on March 16) and now,\" Sinha told TOI.With the long list of amendments proposed by finance minister, he may have equalled, if not bettered, Yashwant Sinha's record of introducing maximum number of amendments", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043652", "title": "Efforts under way for Teesta pact, Dhaka told", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is still trying to build a \"political consensus\" over the issue of Teesta water-sharing pact with Bangladesh.The first joint consultative commission meeting, co-chaired by foreign minister SM Krishna and his Bangladeshi counterpart Dipu Moni, on Monday saw Dhaka insisting on early signing of the pact, which has remained hostage to West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee's recalcitrance.However, Krishna said that \"in accordance with the traditions of consensual decision-making in India's democratic polity, internal consultations are on amongst stakeholders\".The first meeting of the commission saw discussions on extradition pact, trade, connectivity, power, water resources, security, border management, infrastructure and people to people contacts, among other things.\"We look forward to making progress and finishing the agreement on Teesta water sharing at the earliest,\" Krishna told reporters after the meeting with Moni.\"We are trying to develop a political consensus in India. It is important that the views of all those who are dependent on its waters are taken into account and the burden is shared equitably,\" he said. Krishna's assurance came in response to Moni's remarks that she raised the \"request about the early conclusion and the ratification of Land Boundary Agreement and Teesta river treaty.\"On Manipur's Tipaimukh hydel power project, it has been agreed that a sub-group under the joint rivers commission would be constituted to look into all aspects, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's proposal for joint participation.Moni said India has also given assurance that it will not take any unilateral decision on Himalayan rivers that flow from India to Bangladesh as part of the Indian river linking project.The two sides also talked about concluding an extradition treaty, with the Bangladeshi minister informing Krishna that a delegation will soon travel to India from Dhaka to further discuss the issue. Krishna said that the Coordinated Border Management Plan is operational and will help to reduce incidents on the border, including illegal and criminal activities.The meeting also reviewed progress made in implementation of the accords signed during Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's visit to New Delhi in 2010 and Singh's reciprocal visit to Dhaka last September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "srikakulam/draksharamam", "code": "13043668", "title": "CM warns of stern action against former health minister DL Ravindra Reddy", "text": "SRIKAKULAM/DRAKSHARAMAM: A day after dismissing D L Ravindra Reddy as an 'idle brain', chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy went a step further by warning of tough action if he crossed the limits.In a stern warning to the health minister and former minister P Shankar Rao, he said that a few leaders were trying to tarnish the image of the party by leveling false allegations against him. He said the party high command would not tolerate indiscipline by any minister or senior leaders. Speaking to the media at Srikakulam on Monday, Kiran said the state was facing byelections because of one person (read Jaganmohan Reddy). \"Because of the elections, development and welfare schemes have come to a standstill for 50 days in 18 constituencies ,\" he lamented.Addressing an election meeting at Draksharamam in Ramachandrapuram assembly constituency in East Godavari in the afternoon, he said former CM YSR had never talked against the Congress like his son. He said TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao, TDP president Chandrababu Naidu and Jagan were conspiring to unseat the Congress government in the state.Meanwhile, YSR Congress leader Ambati Rambabu asked the CM to set his house in order before making charges against Jagan. Speaking to reporters at Guntur, he charged the CM with colluding with Naidu to defame Jagan. He said people had realized that there was no governance in the state and that they would teach a lesson to the ruling party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045330", "title": "Anti-tobacco Act to be imposed in 7 districts", "text": "PATNA: The state government has decided to effectively implement the provisions of the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act (COTPA) in seven districts of Patna , Munger, Vaishali, Darbhanga, Samastipur, Bhojpur and Katihar.Quoting the Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS) at a workshop on Monday, principal secretary of health department, Amarjeet Sinha, said Bihar has the highest number of tobacco consumers (54 per cent of the state population) in the country. Members of the State Tobacco Control Coordination Committee (STCCC) discussed various steps for the effective implementation of the Act.Apart from its other provisions, the Act bans smoking in public places and prohibits the sale of tobacco and other related products within 100 yards of any educational institution.\"There is urgent need to enforce COTPA at district level, in coordination with NGOs and government departments like health, education and police,\" Sinha said. \"Anti-tobacco squads should be formed at district level for carrying out surprise raids and slapping fine on the spot,\" he said. Village and Sanitation Committees will be formed at grassroots level to spread messages regarding ill-effects of tobacco, he added.Addressing the workshop, state programme officer of Bihar Health Society, N K Mishra, said, \"DMs are expected to call monthly meetings of their respective district health committees to check the use of tobacco at public places. As per the Union health ministry direction, the required information would be sent to the state health society. Particulars of the meeting would also be sent to state home department which will forward it to the superintendents of police concerned to discuss it in their monthly crime meetings.\"Noted surgeon Dr. A A Hai said 40% of the male cancer patients were suffering from oral cancer.Dr. Ravindra Kumar, who represented the Central government, explained the various practices being followed in other states to check the use of tobacco.Apart from various officials of education, health, and police departments, NGOs like Socio-Economic and Educational Development Society (SEEDS) and HRIDAY also participated in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044043", "title": "Yashwant Sinha breaks party line, bats for Pranab Mukherjee as President", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha broke with the party line on Monday, strongly supporting finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's credentials as a presidential candidate, lavishing praise during a debate on the Finance Bill and later endorsing the minister for the high post.\"Mukherjee will make a very good president,\" Sinha told TOI shortly after he heaped praise on one of Congress's probable choices for Rashtrapati Bhawan.What began as banter in Lok Sabha assumed greater significance as Sinha told Mukherjee that he could do a few good turns before moving on: a clear reference to Mukherjee's possible elevation to Rashtrapati Bhavan. He said the minister could further raise the income tax exemption in keeping with the recommendation of a parliamentary committee headed by Sinha.When the BJP leader, himself a former finance minister, said \"ab to aap ja rahe hain\", Mukherjee couldn't resist rising to his feet and observing amid laughter that \"Are you determined to remove me from the finance ministry?\"Sinha continued to praise Mukherjee, saying he was the one minister who seemed to be doing well - while slamming the government for not getting its act together on governance. \"So Mr finance minister, we wish you well personally. We wish you a very bright future. We wish you continue to serve this country, in whatever capacity, for many years to come.\"Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj joked that Sinha's praise may \"harm\" Mukherjee's prospects. However, Sinha's ringing endorsement appeared to deviate from party's position Swaraj had outlined last week when she said no Congress nominee: neither the finance minister nor Vice-President Hamid Ansari would be acceptable to the BJP.Approached after the debate, Sinha said he felt Mukherjee richly deserved the honour of being the President as he had wide experience of public life and the maturity required for the job. \"He will make a very good president,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13043719", "title": "Lottery king out on bail after 8-month prison stint", "text": "COIMBATORE: Lottery King Santiago Martin chose to seek solace at his favourite church in the city on Monday evening, after he walked out of the Central Prison Complex on bail, bringing to a close his eight month stint in judicial custody. He chose to proceed directly to St Michael Church on Big Bazaar Street in a BMW car and offer his gratitude for the opportunity to reunite with his family and relatives.\"Truth finally prevailed. We are very happy that he (Martin) is back with us,\" said Leemarose, Martin's wifeShe along with her daughter Daisy Martin and a battery of lawyers arrived outside the central prison at around 5 pm itself with flowers and bouquets to greet the lottery king. They had to wait for over an hour before Martin walked out of the prison door. He did not interact with the media and sped away towards the church along with his daughter and wife. He later went to his residence at GN Mills and kept a safe distance from the media. His relatives claimed he had suffered severe mental trauma during the past few months and wanted to relax at home with his immediate family.Santiago Martin was charged with 14 cases of land grab, illegal lottery sales and cheating in various parts of the state. He obtained bail for in all cases. He was imprisoned from August 13, 2011 at Vellore prison in connection with a land grab case which was registered by Salem police. He had been lodged in Coimbatore central prison since October 29, 2011.On April 19, 2012, the last case slapped on Martin was at Kodumudi police station in Erode in connection with supplying illegal lottery tickets. He obtained bail on Monday from Kodumudi court which has directed him to sign in Kodumudi police station the first day of every month.According to highly placed sources, Martin's wife Leema Rose met Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa recently and had requested her to ensure that no fresh case was registered against Martin once he was granted bail from the court. Earlier, fresh cases were registered against Martin and he was confined in prison soon after he had been granted bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045480", "title": "Businessman shot dead after stroll in Patna", "text": "PATNA: In a broad daylight incident in the city, criminals gunned down a businessman in the parking lot of the Kumhrar archaeological site around 7am on Monday.The killing took place when contractor Saket Gupta, who also runs a beer bar, was going toward his motorcycle after his morning stroll. Three criminals intercepted the 40-year-old trader and fired eight bullets, killing him on the spot.As people ran helter-skelter, the criminals escaped towards the Bhootnath Road on a motorcycle, which they had parked outside the parking lot. On hearing the gunshots, cops on 'Quick mobile' duty nearby rushed towards the spot. One of the criminals fired at them. Undeterred, the policemen nabbed two of them after a hot chase. Their accomplice managed to escape.Saket was the cousin of IPS officer A K Gupta, who is currently posted as chairman-cum-managing director of Bihar Police Building Construction Corporation. A pall of gloom descended on his house at Belwarganj Bagicha under the Alamganj police station area. Wife Swati Gupta and sexagenarian mother Geeta Devi wailed inconsolably.Saket's younger brother, Ravi Kumar, runs a medicine shop near a private nursing home at Bhadra Ghat. Their Delhi-based sister, Venu Gupta, took a flight to Patna after the news reached her.Saket married Swati six years back. They do not have an issue. Neighbours described Saket as a nice person always willing to help the needy. He would usually go to the Kumhrar park for the morning walk by his car. But on Monday, he had taken his motorcycle for the purpose.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said the arrested 'killers' were identified as Prem Raj Bachchan alias Raju, a resident of Road no. 4, Indira Nagar in Kankerbagh, and Pintoo, owner of a cellphone shop on Exhibition Road. \"It was a contract killing,\" the SSP said and added investigations were on to identify the mastermind and the reason behind the crime.According to the SSP, Raju had earlier been forwarded to jail in connection with a motorcycle loot case lodged in the Kankerbagh police station. Police are gathering information about Pintoo.Police recovered nine empty cartridges from the spot and one pistol, 10 live cartridges and two cellphones from the possession of the arrested criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042262", "title": "Doctors set 9-yr-old's rare heart condition right", "text": "NAGPUR: Meena Karangane, mother of nine-year-old Roshni who suffers from a serious heart defect, never imagined her daughter would be operated upon to rectify the defect due to the huge cost involved. Now, however, Roshni, a standard III student of Zilla Parishad school in Pendhari village of Gadchiroli district, is all smiles and eager to go back home and play with friends after doctors in city operated upon her for the uncommon condition.Although Roshni would suffer from episodes of breathlessness and palpitation on exertion, the parents never took it seriously as they were unaware of the defect in her heart. Called 'ALCAPA' or Anomalous Left Coronary Artery originating from Pulmonary Artery, it could have proved fatal sometime later in her life. \"How would I know of a seriousness when she never had any fever etc? It was sheer luck that during a school health check up programme, doctors realized something was wrong with her heart and referred her to Shri Krishna Hrudayalaya in city under Jeevandayi yojna of government. We could have never spent so much money for the operation,\" Meena said thanking Dr Mahesh Fulwani, the cardiologist who runs the hospital.Dr Fulwani told TOI he had detected the defect after performing an 'echocardiogram' on the girl. \"To confirm, I did an angiography. It is good that such heart problems are being detected under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). We perform over 30 surgeries every month under the Jeevandayi scheme. It was a difficult and uncommon case. She was surviving till now due to good collateral vessels connecting two parts of the heart,\" he said.Dr Avinash Sharma, the cardiac surgeon who operated the girl, said that 90% of children with such congenital (from birth) defects die within a year of birth. \"Surgery is not easy in such cases. You can't do a bypass at that age. We had to do a lot of research to chalk out three different plans for the surgery in case one option failed. Luckily Roshni did not have any complications,\" he said explaining the procedure.The procedure involved stopping the heart and putting on a heart lung machine, opening the pulmonary artery along its length to trace the stump from where it originated and join it back to the aorta. Dr Sharma explained how use of a pericardium (membrane over the heart) over the joint helped in minimizing blood tension on vessels. Dr Vinay Kulkarni, an anaesthetist, said performing the right cardioplegia (temporary cessation of heart) using the right quantity of drugs helped in performing the operation properly.Dr P K Deshpande, a senior cardiac surgeon, confirmed that the surgery was not very common. \"It is not rare but not very common. Such procedures are done once in a few years and do need expertise,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042366", "title": "Survey report on backwardness of 82 tribes submitted to govt", "text": "JAIPUR: A survey report with quantifiable data on the backwardness of 82 tribes in the state was presented to the state government by the Institute of Development Studies, Jaipur. The report is a comparative study on the social, economic and educational status of more than 91,000 families.The report has been prepared on the directions of the Rajasthan High Court while hearing a PIL after the state government had granted a special 5% reservation to the Gujjars in the state. The report was on Monday handed over to energy minister Jitendra Singh and social justice and empowerment minister Ashok Bairwa.\"Eightytwo backward castes, comprising 91,148 families, have been included in the survey report which will be forwarded to the state OBC commission soon,\" said energy minister Jitendra Singh.The high court had on December 12 directed the state government to undertake a quantifiable data collection to explain and justify why quotas were set in education and state services for Special Backward Classes (SBC) including Gujjars and others.The report comes close on the heels of threat of an agitation by the Gujjars if the government failed to provide it with special reservation quota in government jobs. The last threat from community leaders was recently when Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla, along with others met Jitendra Singh at his residence last week.The government had then promised to initiate action soon in this matter and has sought a four months time. But four days since then, promises like nominating a chairperson for the backward commission within a week are still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nawanshahr", "code": "13045090", "title": "Nawanshahr clash: Truck operator missing", "text": "NAWANSHAHR: Violent clash between truck operators and sand mining contractor's employees on Friday night has taken a curious turn with the kin of truck operator Jaswinder Singh alleging that latter was missing after police picked him up from Civil Hospital on Saturday.When they met Nawanshahr SSP Dhanpreet Kaur on Monday, she reportedly sent them back within two minutes saying that no one had been arrested and contents of their complaint would be verified.Incidentally, Jaswinder was in the forefront to raise voice against overpricing of sand even as the government had fixed the price at a press conference on Friday. A few hours after this press conference, the clash took place. Jaswinder had told TOI from Ropar Civil Hospital that they were attacked as they raised the issue in media.Truck operators had also submitted a complaint to the Nawanshahr deputy commissioner and the industries department about it.In a representation to the SSP, Jaswinder's brother Gurwinder Singh alleged that he was taken away from the hospital by a police party led by sub-inspector Gurmukh Singh despite Jaswinder resisting it. \"He was bundled into a Bolero vehicle (PB 10 DD 15130 by a group of policemen in civvies and later the family did not learn anything about his whereabouts,\" the complaint said.\"The SI had then said that Jaswinder would be released after some verification,'' he said.Notably, even Rahon police station SHO Ranjit Singh had also told TOI that a police party was sent to Ropar Civil Hospital to arrest the truck operators and also to record their statement against the sand mining contractor's men who had also made allegations.Police registered a counter case on Sunday after a ruling party MLA took exception to apparent partisan working of police. While operators were booked for non-bailable offences, including Section 382 (theft after making preparation of murder) of the IPC, the contractor and his men were booked under a bailable offence of assault.When contacted, the SSP said, \"no one has been arrested by police and we are verifying the complaint.\" However, she disconnected the call midway when asked what had happened to Jaswinder after he was picked up by police from Ropar Civil Hospital on Saturday as even SHO had said that police had been sent there to arrest the \"accused\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13044397", "title": "India becoming prone to intolerance of freedom, says Rushdie", "text": "NEW YORK: India-born controversial author Salman Rushdie has turned his ire against his home country, saying that creative works of artists are increasingly being assaulted by religious groups. India has become \"very prone\" to the idea that \"you should not rock the boat\" , he said, in an expression of concern over what he called the growing intolerance to freedom of expression in the country.Rushdie, who has been at the receiving end of various groups for years targetting his works, said the atmosphere of openness in India is now being replaced \"to some degree by the rise of religious sectarianism and by the craven response of the authorities\" to protests by certain religious groups.\"India was a society in which for a long time ideas of free expression were very entrenched . When independence came, there was an atmosphere of openness. I have the terrible feeling that things are going the other way (now),\" he said at the PEN World Voices Festival of International Literature.He had delivered the 'Freedom to Write' lecture at the annual festival's closing day on Monday.He cited the example of Rohinton Mistry's novel 'Such a long Journey' and scholar A K Ramanujan's essay 'Three hundred Ramayanas' being removed from the syllabus in Indian universities respectively after political and religious sections deemed them to be offensive.He said painter M F Hussain was \"hounded out of India\" as his series of paintings of Hindu goddess Sarawasti in the nude were considered to be \" pornographic\".\"This is happening more and more and more (in India). Works of scholarship are being assaulted by this or that religious group and are immediately banned and the onus of the blame falls on the artists,\" he said. Rushdie said he has no immediate plan to go to India but would visit the country later in the year when his memoirs are published and Deepa Mehta - directed movie on his novel 'Midnight's Children' released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13045151", "title": "Court issues non-bailable warrant against two Sub Inspectors", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and sessions judge MA Abbasi issued non-bailable warrant against two sub-inspectors and a notice under Section 350 CrPC on Monday.The judge asked the police authorities get the warrants served to the two sub-inspectors and produce them before the court on May 26.In the fist case styled as state v/s Avinash and others, the judge ordered to issue NBW against S-I Rishikant Shukla, currently posted in SOG, Unnao. Shukla had nabbed accused Avinash and two others on April 26, 2003 and had seized three bombs from their possession and had registered the case under Explosive Act. The court had issued several summons and bailable warrant to Shukla to appear in the court to give evidence in the case but he was not appearing.Similarly, the judge issued NBW against S-I RS Goyal in a kidnapping and murder case registered with the Kotwali police on October 21, 2004.Accused Nishant and others had kidnapped Ashok Agarwal and later they had killed him. Goyal was investigation officer in that case and he was not appearing in the court to give evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043110", "title": "BRTS gets go ahead for four new routes", "text": "PUNE: All party leaders on Monday gave the go ahead to implement bus rapid transit system (BRTS) on four new routes. After the actual implementation of the project, the city will have nearly 68-km long BRTS routes covering almost the entire city.The four BRTS routes include, Katraj to Nigdi, Warje to Kharadi, Kothrud to Vishrantwadi and Dhayari to Hadapsar. Barring a stretch of around 15 km, the entire length of 68 km will be dedicated BRTS route.\"An all party meeting was organised to discuss the implementation. All the parties gave in principal approval to start the project. Leaders of some political parties had reservations, but those will be sorted out in due course of time,\" said Subhash Jagtap, leader of house in the PMC.\"Most of the works including widening of roads has already been done. Now only works to make dedicated lanes will be carried out. This will start within a month's time,\" said Jagtap, adding that during the meeting it was decided to implement the project on the lines of BRTS in Ahemdabad.Vivek Kharwadkar, additional city engineer (roads), said that the PMC will have to complete three major works on priority to commence movement of the buses on the new BRTS routes.\"These works include communicating the routes and project details to the traffic department, filling up punctures along the dividers on the roads and restructuring of the routes,\" he said.He said that existing one ways will continue to remain even if they were passing through BRTS routes. The buses on the BRTS track will follow the one way restrictions.The first BRTS project was launched in the city in 2006. The civic body is in the dock for not completing the pilot project on the 16.5 km stretch from Katraj to Hadapsar ever since its launch. It lacks basic features like continuous dedicated lanes, proper pedestrian facilities, off-board ticketing, bus-stations, level boarding facilities and adequate frequency of buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13043674", "title": "Lagadapati\u2019s meeting with Ummareddy raises eyebrows", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Congress MP Lagadapati Rajagopal's meeting with disgruntled TDP politburo member Ummareddy Venkateswarlu at the latter's residence in Hyderabad on Monday raised several eyebrows. Sources said Rajagopal spent about half an hour at Ummareddy's residence and discussed various issues, including the latest political situation in the state.Apparently in a move to check the swing of Kapu voters to YSR Congress with rumours rife that Ummareddy could be joining Jaganmohan Reddy's party, Rajagopal is said to have invited him into the Congress. Ummareddy's decision is however, not known.Sources said Rajagopal jumped into the scene only to rope in the veteran Kapu leader into the Congress, which has been facing an exodus of Kapu leaders in the coastal region.Recently, former legislator from Vijayawada Vangaveeti Radhakrishna quit the Congress and joined the YSR Congress. Nominating Magunta Parvathamma from the Ongole assembly constituency has also ruffled the Kapu community, sources pointed out.Ummareddy, who abstained from the politburo meeting held two days ago, was closeted with his close followers and villagers at Bapatla on Sunday. Sources said his family members were asking him to join Jagan's party.Although Ummareddy might not take massive numbers along with him when he quits the party, TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu fears that the senior leader's decision could influence the commoners among Kapus in the coastal region.Ummareddy contends that ignoring Kapus in the 2009 elections was one of the major reasons for the drubbing of the party in the coastal region. He was a three-time MP and served as minister in both the state and central governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13044590", "title": "Pass test, win Rs 85L: NRIs to \u2018godmen\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Amidst reports of a proliferation of 'babas' and 'tantriks' offering magical cure and luck in India, a UK-based rationalists group has offered \u00a3100,000 (Rs 85 lakh) prize to any such person who can scientifically prove their claims.The Birmingham-based Asian Rationalist Society of Britain (ARSB) on Monday said that the offer extends not to only to such controversial individuals in Britain who offer their 'services' to the Asian community , but also to 'babas' and 'tantriks' in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13042891", "title": "Goldsmiths from Nashik jubilant", "text": "NASHIK: Relieved over central government deciding to scrap excise duty imposed on gold and extending the threshold limit for tax deduction at source from Rs 2 lakh to Rs 5 lakh, the jewellers from Nashik joined their counter-parts in the country to celebrate the central government's decision.The goldsmiths have been protesting the imposing of excise duty on gold, import duty and at the same time the tax among others. As of now the union government has rolled back on excise duty completely, while the tax - earlier applicable on cash purchase of gold of Rs 2 lakh has been extended to Rs 5 lakh. \"We thank the members of parliament and the government for having taken the step that will further help the community in particular and the customer in particular,\" Rajendra Odhekar, president Nasik Saraf Association, said.\"However, the central government has not relaxed the import duty. If it continues, soon we may have the anti-social elements benefitting from the same by way of smuggling goods,\" Odhekar said hoping that the government would soon realise the importance of rolling back on the import duty as well.The jewellers round the country had downed their shutters in demand of the roll back on the taxes announced by the central government.On the issue of customers coming back into the market to buy bullion, Sanjay Kapote, another jeweller said that except the customers who were having celebrations in their families came forth for purchases, while others engaged in purchasing stayed away. \"Now with the extension to TCS and withdrawal of excise, the markets are likely to see that buzz again,\" Kapote said.More than 500 big and small jewellers across Nashik had joined the protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13041382", "title": "Chowgule higher secondary school closure will lead to chaos, DoE to HC", "text": "PANAJI: Citing public interest, the state government on Monday opposed the petition filed by the management of Parvatibai Chowgule College of Arts and Science, Margao, seeking to close down its higher secondary section.The petition is being heard by the Goa bench of the Bombay high court's division bench of Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre.In the affidavit submitted by additional government advocate Dattaprasad Lawande, education director Anil Powar has stated that in public interest and in the interest of the student community at large it is important that the school continues to run.Powar pointed out that there are three higher secondary schools offering the Arts and Science streams within the municipal limits of Margao.These are the Government Multipurpose Higher Secondary School, Jawaharlal Nehru Higher Secondary School and Chowgule college. In addition, the Shree Damodar Higher Secondary School offers classes in the science stream.'As far as the Arts stream is concerned, Multipurpose HSS has 48 students, Jawaharlal Nehru HSS has 21 students, whereas Chowgule HSS has 93 students. The sanctioned strength of the former two schools is one division each, whereas Chowgule's is two divisions,' states the affidavit.Powar further submits that if Chowgule's HSS is permitted to be closed down, the other two schools will not have the necessary infrastructure to accommodate the students. 'In the process, the student community will suffer,' the education director has stated.With regard the science stream, Powar has pointed out that Multipurpose HSS has 85 students, Damodar HSS has 112 students with two divisions each and Jawaharlal Nehru HSS has 22 students with one division. Chowgule's HSS, on the other hand, has 197 students for its sanctioned strength of four divisions, Powar has stated.He has stressed that if Chowgule HSS is permitted to close down, the same will create chaos in the education section.'The remaining two HSS do not have either the necessary infrastructure nor the means to accommodate the students,' Powar has stated.He has further alleged that the management of Chowgule college has never written to the DoE for grants to set up infrastructural facilities for the HSS section. 'If such an application had been made, it would have been considered by the government,' Powar has stated.The claim made by Chowgule's of running the HSS on college infrastructure is 'only a bogey put forward by the petitioner in order to discontinue with their HSS section', Powar has alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13045626", "title": "'Education UK' exhibition", "text": "SURAT: 'Education UK' exhibition, organized by British Council, UK's international organization for educational and cultural relations, will be held in the city for the first time on Tuesday. Entry to the exhibition is free and students can register on the spot.University of Chichester , University of Central Lancashire , University of Derby, University of East London , University of Exeter, London Metropolitan University, Plymouth University, University College Plymouth St Mark &amp; St John, University of Sussex and Teesside University are taking part in the exhibition.Students and parents will have the opportunity to meet UK academicians, find out about the range of subjects, scholarships and student visas.UK is among the most popular study destination that Indian students choose for International education. More than 50,000 Indian students are currently studying in the UK.This exhibition will also be held at Thiruvananthapuram, Lucknow, Vijayawada and Guwahati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043257", "title": "Hillary Clinton gets a thumbs up from GenY", "text": "KOLKATA: It's not every day that one gets to meet US secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton . And when one does, it's nothing short of a dream come true.\"It was wondrous. Even after being seated, I couldn't believe that I was actually getting to meet her. She was sitting just two feet away from me,\" said student Darshit Sajar who was lucky enough to occupy a seat in the front row. among the first few and occupied a seat in the front row.A team of 11 members was flown from across the country to be part of the interactive session held at La Martiniere for Girls on Monday morning. The team, which is part of the Youth Advisory Council of India to the United States of America , comprised a mix of students and young professionals.Even hours after their session with Hillary, they all seemed quite upbeat and excited about their meeting. From Facebook status updates to photo uploads and tweets, the excitement was palpable. \"It was Hillary Clinton after all. I just had to share it with my friends and family,\" said one of the as one of the participants quipped. In an animated discussion, some of them recounted their once-in-a-lifetime experience that lasted slightly over an hour on the school campus.Even a week back, life for student Arundhati Sridhar was all about attending classes and preparing for her oncoming final exam that which was a fortnight away. But on Monday afternoon, the third-year History honours student was sitting at the coffee shop of a city hotel with her team members with pride as one of the lucky few who got a chance to interact with Hillary. \"It was a rollercoaster ride ever since I got a message from the US Consulate asking me to be part of the delegation to attend a session with Hillary. Everything happened so fast, but one thing I knew for sure that I could not have missed this for anything, even exams,\" she said.Arundhati was all praise for the US secretary of state: \"She came across as a real person. Despite being one of the most powerful persons in the world today, I was able to connect to her as soon as she opened the session.\" she said one who has followed Hillary's political career very closely, but Arundhati was a little disheartened when she did not get a chance to ask Hillary a question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13047289", "title": "SC to govt: Abolish Haj subsidy in ten years", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday struck down Centre's policy of giving subsidies to Haj pilgrims.\"We hold that this policy (giving subsidies to Haj pilgrims) is best done away with,\" the apex court observed.The Supreme Court ordered the Union government to gradually reduce Haj subsidy and abolish it completely over a period of ten years.The apex court also said that the Prime Minister's goodwill delegation could not be a jumbo party as in the past. If the government intended to send such Haj delegation every year, it must not be more than 2 members, the SC said.The SC said it would examine the functioning of the Haj Committee of India and its selection process for sending pilgrims for Haj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13042103", "title": "Cong finalizes Bablu Deshmukh, BJP Pravin Pote for Maharashtra legislative council polls", "text": "AMRAVATI: Seven candidates have filed nominations for the council elections of local body constituency scheduled on May 25. With major parties declaring their candidates, suspense over the make-up of the poll fray is over.Congress has given candidature to former zilla parishad president Bablu Deshmukh while BJP has given candidature to entrepreneur and educationist Pravin Pote.Congress had witnessed a flutter of activities with as many as four candidates staking their claim for the party ticket. Apart from Deshmukh, they included former state minister Vasudha Deshmukh, builder Lappiseth Jajodiya, and businessman Ajay Nawandar. But MPCC president Manikrao Thakre on Sunday declared name of the Deshmukh. He has also worked as chairman of district cooperative bank.BJP has given a ticket to Pravin Pote who is a noted entrepreneur and also runs an educational institute. Dr Avinash Chaudhary of BJP had also shown interest in contesting polls. There was speculation that the party may give a chance to former MLA Prakash Bharsakle.During last term, BJP's Jagdish Gupta had won the polls. However, he was expelled from the party last year for his alleged anti-party activities during graduate constituency polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13045293", "title": "Young account holders praised for big savings", "text": "VARANASI: With 850 account holders, including 479 girls and 371 boys, the children's bank of Vishal Bharat Sansthan (VBS) celebrated its fourth anniversary at Lallapura area on Monday. According to Rajeev Srivastava, president VBS, the children's bank was established in 2008 with the purpose of promoting the habit of money saving among the children coming from poor families of weavers, boatmen, and rag-pickers.Some account holders of children's bank were felicitated for their judicious use of money and savings. A seminar was also organised on the occasion.Chief guest, Gyan Prakash, senior manager, Allahabad Bank , Maldahiya branch, said that if 25-30 crore children of the country would save even Rs 1 on a regular basis, they can help in the economic empowerment of the nation. Anita Choudhary, president of women's club, Bharat Heavy Electrical Limited (BHEL), Amitabh Bhowmick, senior manager, Punjab National Bank , Afreen Bharatvanshi, Puja Bharatvanshi, Nazma, Nazneen, Mridula, and many others were present on the occasion.Interestingly, the VBS bank is being operated by children themselves and children in the age group of 2-13 years can deposit their earned or saved money in the bank. According to Srivastava, the bank has supported the account holders whenever a money crisis arises in their families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047306", "title": "The New star in Bollywood", "text": "'Hum Hain Raahi Pyaar Ke' established Aamir Khan's legacy in Bollywood and now a spinoff, 'Hum Hain Rahi Car Ke' hopes to repeat the magic for debutant Dev Goel, who play the lead in this film which is his director father, Jyotin Goel's, venture.Interestingly, Dev had to appear for an audition before daddy dear agreed to take him on in this comedy flick where he will act opposite Adah Sharma. Jyotin Goel says, \"We had casted Dev in our comedy venture because of his acting ability and his confidence to prove himself in Bollywood and to come up with wings of success in this star studded town. Being a producer and Director of the Film \"Hum Hain Raahi Car Ke\" I expect Dev to put a lot of hardwork and showcase all his talent and being his father I feel very proud when he fulfills my expectation and explores his talent.Besides these two, the film will star Sanjay Dutt, Juhi Chawla , Aupam Kher, Chunky Pandey, Rati Agnihotri, Viveck Vaswani and Ganesh Venkatraman. It's the story of two friends, who on one New Year's night, decide to travel from Mumbai to Pune. But a trip that should only take a couple of hours ends up becoming an all-nighter, with whacky events keeping them on the road and preventing them from reaching their destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13045432", "title": "India likely to open more doors to Pakistan for better ties", "text": "LAHORE: India is willing to look at more land border transit points with Pakistan and opening new border crossings at places like Munnabao in Rajasthan is a possibility , Sharat Sabharwal, India's high commissioner to Pakistan said on Monday. He was addressing the inaugural session of the 2nd Aman Ki Asha Indo-Pak Economic Conference . At present, Attari-Wagah is the only land route for trade between the two nations.Later this month, Indian and Pakistani home secretaries are expected to sign off on an agreement that will liberalize the business visa regime. In the works are multiple entry visas, abolishing police checkposts and multi-city visas.These measures are expected to give a fillip to Indo-Pak trade which today is languishing at sub $3-billion . Sabharwal said the Indian commerce ministry believes that trade between the two can touch $12billion in the next five years. He reiterated commerce minister Anand Sharma's promise that for every one step Pakistan takes, India will take two. \"We will like to carry the process of trade liberalization forward in a manner to create a win-win situation for both sides.\" The Indian high commissioner appreciated Islamabad's decision to accord the most favoured nation (MFN) status to India and to move from a positive list of imports from India to a negative list.Delivering the keynote address, Pakistan Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said core issues should be settled through dialogue and called for enhanced people-to-people contact. Gilani said his government was committed to normalization of ties. \"Non-state actors from both sides of the border are determined to harm relations. We need to be vigilant . He said that in sectors like information technology, education, health engineering, there is huge scope for cooperation. He commended the Times of India and the Jang group of Pakistan for launching the Aman ki Asha initiative when tensions were running high between the two nations.Hoping that the India-Pakistan economic conference will boost the peace process, he said poverty, disease and ignorance should not become the fate of the region. \"Our people have suffered because of the policies of the past. They deserve better. No more time should be wasted .\" He described industry captains at the conference as the \"best ambassadors of peace\" for both countries . \"The world is marching on and it is time for us to shed the baggage of the past and grab the opportunity at hand and act with urgency to build relations of mutual trust.\"Speakers at the conference highlighted the fact that improved economic relations between the two nations will lead to peace and prosperity . Some delegates were worried that offering MFN status to India might result in highly skewed trade relations with the balance tilting in favour of India. Their concerns were addressed by Pakistani business leaders such as Mian Muhammed Mansha, chairman, MCB Bank, and Bashir Ali Muhammed, chairman, Gul Ahmed.They were unequivocal in saying that greater trade will benefit the Pakistani people and industry would gain from greater competition in the longer run. Mansha said he was keen on starting a bank in India.Adi Godrej , CII president and head of the Godrej Group said the two largest economies of south Asia should work together to ensure that bilateral trade touches $10billion in the near term. Textiles, agriculture, engineering, IT, education and healthcare are sectors which can see immediate traction, he said. \"Removal of tariff barriers should set in motion processes for the removal of asymmetries in trade.\"Group managing director of Jang Group Shahrukh Hasan said the Aman ki Asha initiative has helped change perceptions in both countries. \"Peace which has been tantalizingly elusive is inevitable,\" he said. He and almost all speakers said a liberalized visa regime is a must for any forward momentum in relations. \"MFN and FDI are of no use without people being able to travel across the border,\" he said.Rahul Kansal, executive president , Times Group, said history has shown that when foes develop deep economic stakes in each other, war becomes a non-option . \"We are at a historic moment; it will be pity if we can't seize the opportunity.\"Aman ki Asha is an initiative of the Times of India and the Jang Group of Pakistan and the Lahore trade meet is co-sponsored by CII and Pakistan Business Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042507", "title": "CM to meet actor on Wednesday", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot is likely to meet Aamir Khan on Wednesday after the latter's debut show, which aired on television on Sunday, pointed out the social menace of female feticide.The CM held a high-level meeting at his residence on Monday where he ordered an inspection of 1,885 sonography machines at centres across the state.The 'Taare Zameen Par' actor's show, in its first episode, revolved around the sting operation carried out by two journalists seven years ago to expose female feticide practices in four states-Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh.Khan also pledged to write to Gehlot requesting him to set up a special court for speedy trial in female feticide cases pending for years in various courts in the state.The CM, in the meeting, stressed on the participation of public representatives and non government organizations (NGO) to curb the social evil. He instructed officials to chalk out comprehensive plans ensuring participation of elected representatives at the panchayats and municipal level.A meeting with the NGOs working against female feticide in the state is scheduled for May 11 to discuss on developing strategies to check the ill practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042214", "title": "No HC relief for Mumbai Educational Trust's ex-trustee", "text": "MUMBAI: Minister Chhagan Bhujbal , whose Mumbai Educational Trust (MET) is embroiled in a controversy after co-founder Sunil Karve accused him of misusing the Trust property and misappropriating funds to the tune of Rs 170 crore, has struck back. As chairperson of the Trust, he recently removed Karve as trustee of MET and banned his entry into the Bandra and Nashik campus.The MET Board of Trustees met on February 23, three weeks after Karve sent in a written complaint of misuse against Bhujbal to the Mumbai police chief and also sought his removal as trustee before the charity commissioner. Present at the meeting were Bhujbal, his wife Meena, son Sameer and nephew Pankaj-all trustees of MET. Karve did not attend, though he was given a notice a day earlier and the Bhujbals said his absence was \"intentional\" as he did not want to explain the \"recent developments at the Trust\" and some complaints against the staff. They passed a resolution that his acts of \"omissions and commissions\" had rendered Karve \"unfit as a trustee\" and has ceased to be one. His name would be deleted, they said and filed a change report before the charity commissioner. The trustees said at the meeting that they were not aware of any complaint filed by Karve and later, Bhujbal denied any wrongdoing.Karve's lawyer Sayaji Nangre said they were informed of the resolution on March 1 and were shocked as \"no show-cause notice or grounds were given\".A trustee, according to the Trust deed, could be removed only under three conditions-bankruptcy, insolvency or conviction for corruption. \"In this case, neither condition applied. We challenged it before the charity commissioner where Karve had already filed an application for removal of the Bhujbals as trustees,\" said Nangre. Failing to get a stay, Karve moved the Bombay HC. The HC, too, did not grant him any relief but directed the charity commissioner to expedite the hearing.The HC heard Karve's counsel Janak Dwarkadas, Nangre and Pranav Badheka as well as V A Thorat, P K Dhakephalkar, Bobde and Sajal Yadav who represented the Bhujbals and said the joint charity commissioner's order \"gives no reasons for declining relief\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "13041401", "title": "Row over Tirumala chief priest's private blessing", "text": "TIRUMALA: Chief priest A V Ramana Deekshitulu landed himself in a fresh controversy when he went to meet a top industrialist's son at a private guest house here on Sunday. Deekshitulu was closeted with industrialist's son for a brief while in the evening to bless him.When cameramen tried to approach him, the chief priest sped away in his car from the guest house. While Deekshitulu was unavailable for his comments, the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) refused to be drawn into the controversy. But this was not the first time that the chief priest had courted controversies. He was served a memo by the TTD authorities for conducting special rituals in violation of temple norms for a top industrialist at a guest house atop the hill on April 10, 2010.\"Deekshitulu is often seen rubbing shoulders with industrialists, business magnates, film stars and celebrities. As one who stands closest to the Moola Virat inside the sanctum sanctorum, he should only be at the service of the Lord,\" points out seer Kamalananda Bharati Swamy.In fact, the temple rules forbid priests from officiating at any private functions. They have to be at the service of the Lord and observe temple rituals and customs in accordance with Agama sastra principles. \"The chief priest should confine himself to the sanctum sanctorum and perform Nitya Kainkaryams (sevas) and rituals for the Lord,\" a temple priest not wanting to be named said.Narendra of the Tirumala temple protection samithi pointed out that Deekshitulu had performed Sudarshana homam in Tirumala for late CM YS Rajasekhara Reddy and his son Jagan in 2009. \"He even made trips to Pulivendula and Hyderabad to perform rituals for YSR,\" he revealed.It remains to be seen as to what action TTD would initiate against the chief priest, Hindu Dharma Prachara activists said Deekshitulu should be shown the door for violating the temple rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13043045", "title": "Senior forest official found taking bribe", "text": "NASHIK: The superintendent of police, anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Nashik range, Shashikant Mahavarkar, has decided to launch an open inquiry into the work of vigilance officer of the forest department Hemant Chhajed, who was allegedly caught red-handed while accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000 on Saturday night. Chhajed, son of a freedom fighter, whose sister is a corporator in Pune while another is in the real estate business, has allegedly amassed assets disproportionate to his income. In this bakcdrop, an open inquiry will be initiated informed, said Mahavarkar.On Saturday, around 8.30pm, Chhajed was nabbed while accepting Rs 20,000 from Shaikh Kamaruddin, a timber trader, in Ahmednagar. Kamaruddin had purchased a saw mill and had applied to the forest department to transfer the licence of the saw mill to his name. For this purpose, the accused was said to have received Rs 50,000 from the complainant about a month back.However, he was demanding Rs 20,000 more from him. The complainant approached the ACB and subsequently a trap was laid on May 5 at Chhajed's residence on the Old Agra Road and he was caught red-handed accepting the bribe.Mahavarkar said that Chhajed is a class one divisional officer of the vigilance department in the forest department. \"While he was responsible to ensure that no corruption takes place in the forest department, he himself was found receiving bribe from people. The ACB had got many complaints regarding Chhajed.\"According to reports, the ACB has already found Rs 12 lakh in cash, a diamond ring worth Rs 1.50 lakh, 90gm of gold and fixed deposits of around Rs 8 lakh belonging to Chhajed in different banks. The superintendent of police of the ACB said that there were complaints about Chhajed pressuring even his seniors by taking advantage of his post.While there were complaints against him for threatening many officers and employees in his department, he used to also send SMSs to as many as 40 MLAs at a time and also to the chief minister and the secretary of the state governor complaining about the work of some employees and officers. An inquiry is in progress to check if Chhajed had kept other matters pending for want of bribes from other people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043718", "title": "Cop shoots colleague at police school", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after the body of a constable was found inside a water tank at the Police Training School in Malviya Nagar, tragedy struck again. A 24-year-old constable was shot dead here by his colleague on Monday morning.The deceased constable was identified as Dinesh Yadav, a native of Rajasthan. The accused Sunil Kumar has been arrested.According to a source, during interrogation Kumar told cops that he did not like Yadav's behaviour towards him. He said Yadav used to taunt and bully him. The accused alleged he took the extreme step after Yadav taunted him yet again, said the source. Officials, however, said they were unclear about the motive of the murder and were still probing the matter.DCP south Chhaya Sharma said, \"We have registered a case of murder. The case is being further investigated.\"Police said the incident took place around 11am on the third floor of Barrack number 4. Cops said Kumar, Yadav and another officer Kaluram were sitting in the same room. Constable Kaluram was having lunch and had put his service rifle beside him. He told cops that they were chatting when Kumar suddenly got up, grabbed Kaluram's self-loading rifle (SLR) and pointed it at Yadav.\"Sunil first wanted to just threaten Yadav but probably got provoked when Yadav did not back off. He fired a shot which hit Yadav in the chest and he began to bleed profusely. The shot was fired from a very close range,\" said a cop.Hearing the gunshot, fellow constables rushed to the spot. Yadav was rushed to Madan Mohan Malviya Hospital from where he was referred to AIIMS. He was declared brought dead by doctors at AIIMS, officials said. Meanwhile, Kumar who had been overpowered, was handed over to police.Officials said Kumar first tried to mislead police by insisting that \"he just happened to shoot Yadav and that he did not intend to kill him.\" A source said that it was not possible to shoot anyone accidently with the SLR, as the rifle has a box magazine, which requires cocking to release the first bullet into the firing chamber. It also has a safety catch, which, when on, makes it impossible to fire the weapon.Officers of the Delhi Armed Police (DAP) said there was no work pressure as such on the accused. Senior police officers have directed the DAP officers on campus to enforce strict discipline among the cops. Constable Kaluram has been placed under suspension for 'not taking care of his service rifle'.Yadav is survived by his parents, an elder brother who is a teacher and two sisters.Police are still awaiting the autopsy report in the earlier case where a constable's body was found in a water tank on the premises of the police training school last Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13044007", "title": "Marandi sits on fast, protests zero rehab", "text": "RANCHI: Babulal Marandi is back where he left exactly a year ago when he ended his seven-day fast to protest the state government's eviction drive. And, nothing has changed to the displaced families.This time, the JVM(P) chief was on a daylong fast that assumed a new dimension with displaced and project-affected people from across the state joining hands. Independent Rajya Sabha MP Parimal Nathwani also joined Marandi at the protest ground. He also sat with the protesters demanding implementation of the rehabilitation policies.JVM(P) vice-president Saba Ahmed said a huge population in the state had been uprooted from their native places in the course of development work and most of them have not been either compensated or rehabilitated in accordance with the law. \"We have demanded the Union and state governments along with private and public sector companies to rehabilitate these people and pay them sufficient compensation,\" Ahmed said, adding that the state government must come up with a policy for those who were displaced but not covered under any rehabilitation and resettlement (R&R;) scheme.The JVM(P) protest was joined by over 30 different organizations which originated to protest forceful eviction. People from Bokaro, Dhanbad, Hazaribag and other districts who have either been affected in dam construction projects, displaced due to railway projects or by mining activities of different CPSUs joined the protest.Party leader Rajiv Ranjan said that it all began for the people who were evicted during anti-encroachment drive of the state government.\"People from Islam Nagar, Paharitola, Naga Baba Khatal and Kutchery Market in Ranchi turned up in huge numbers because despite order of the high court and decision taken by the council of ministers at state secretariat not a single person has been provided with alternative shelter till date,\" he said.The party has decided to channelize the anger of thousands of people affected in the projects in the right direction so that the Naxalite organizations do not take undue advantage of the situation. \"Maoists have often exploited the situation in their own interest by adding fuel to the fire of resentment against the government anddemocratic system,\" Ahmed said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043115", "title": "One arrested for theft at Mhatoba temple in Kothrud", "text": "PUNE: A man was arrested on Monday in connection with the theft of Rs 72,000 from the Mhatoba temple in Kothrud gaothan, which took place on Friday.Sunil Vitthal Bhilare (30), a resident of Jaibhavaninagar, Kothrud, was arrested on the basis of CCTV footage. Three cameras inside the temple had recorded his movements while he was committing the crime.A Kothrud police team led by senior police inspector Chandrakant Ghodke made the arrest. In the three days since the theft, Bhilare had spent some of the money, the police said. They have still to recover the remaining money from him.Addressing a news conference, Ghodke said the theft had taken place between 1 pm and 4 pm on Friday at a time when the temple was closed. Bhilare had allegedly broken the window grill and entered the temple around 1.30 pm. Ghodke said Bhilare was inside the temple for around two hours. He first tried to break the locks of the donation box with an iron rod. When this did not succeed, he went outside the temple through the window, purchased two hacksaws from a nearby shop and returned to the temple,\" Ghodke said.Bhilare finally managed to cut the locks of the donation box and stole the cash, said Ghodke. \"The CCTV footage also showed that there were bags filled with coins which he tried to steal but gave up the idea when he found they were too heavy,\" he added.The two security guards of the temple were sitting at another spot while the theft was taking place.The crime came to light on Friday evening, when devotees noticed the broken locks of the donation box and informed the trustees about the incident. Upset by the development, local residents had threatened to observe a bandh in protest. Local MLA Chandrakant Mokate had intervened and announced a bandh on May 10, if the police failed to solve the case.Ghodke said that Bhilare has previous criminal record and has six cases of burglary registered against him in 2001. \"We will produce him in court on Tuesday,\" Ghodke said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045498", "title": "Ex-Ranveer Sena man to mobilize farmers in state", "text": "PATNA: After nearly a decade-long silence, Akhil Bharatiya Rashtravadi Kisan Sangathan (ABRKS) chief and alleged head of the private militia of big landholders, Ranveer Sena, Bramheshwar Nath Singh (66) alias Bramheshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji has now decided to mobilize farmers and agricultural workers in the state to champion their cause, maintaining that the successive state governments, including the Nitish Kumar-led NDA government, had ignored the interests of farmers.Speaking to mediapersons here on Monday, he was highly critical of the Nitish government for its decision to challenge in the Supreme Court the recent Patna high court order acquitting the 23 accused of the Bathani Tola massacre in which 21 dalits, including women and children, were massacred by Ranveer Sena gunmen on July 11, 1996, in Bhojpur district. Earlier on May 3 last year, a lower court at Ara had awarded death sentence to three of the accused and life imprisonment to 20 others.He was piqued that the Nitish government had not decided to challenge the acquittal of CPI (ML) leader Sudama Prasad, a named accused in the killing of prominent landholder Jwala Singh of Danbar Bihta, allegedly by CPI (ML) supporters. \"The Nitish government's stance towards the two cases of acquittal smacks of its double standards,\" he said. Bramheshwar said while none of the ABRKS members, including he himself, would participate in the 2014 parliamentary or 2015 assembly elections, they would definitely mobilize farmers, small and marginal peasants and agricultural workers to agitate for the redressal of their demands, as the rising price of agriculture inputs and low returns on agricultural produce had worsened the condition of farmers, so much so that they were unable to pay the official minimum wage of Rs 144 to agricultural workers. Bramheshwar, flanked by ABRKS secretary Rakesh Kumar Sharma, secretary general Sanjeev Singh and treasurer Anjani Kumar, among others, said that units of their organization had been formed in nine districts to start the first phase of agitation from May 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047794", "title": "Deepika gets romantic with \u2018reluctant\u2019 Rajinikanth", "text": "Earlier this week Deepika Padukone flew to Chennai to shoot a romantic song with Rajinikanth. The number, an ultra-romantic love duet, was choreographed by Saroj Khan. And we hear Ms Khan, known to make screen-couples sizzle on screen with their chemistry, had planned some scorching-hot moves between the two. But God proposes , Rajinikanth disposes.Apparently Rajinikanth post his illness has become acutely conscious of his age and the age-difference with his leading lady. Rajinikanth apparently asked his director Soundarya who also happens to be his daughter to ..err, modify and change the love scenes.It took Deepika's intervention to convince the mega-star to cuddle and get loveydovey for the song. Says a part of the Kochadaiyyan team, \"Rajini Sir wanted the romantic movements and gestures to be watered down. But Deepika insisted on letting them be. She in fact made sure Rajini Sir was comfortable.\"When quizzed about the romantic song, the Kochadaiyyan producer Dr Murli Manohar said, \"It's a brilliant romantic song. A duet with classical undertones. It's not a classical dance number, as wrongly reported in the media. A R Rahman has outdone himself in the song. It's an extremely romantic song with classical elements woven into it. But it isn't a classical dance number.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042521", "title": "A tale of missing footpaths", "text": "BHOPAL: A constant stream of vehicles virtually zooming left, right and centre on roads in one of the busiest busy commercial centres of the city during peak hours and absence of footpaths give a fit to pedestrians. To make matters worse, illegal parking lots and hawkers' corners have eaten up whatever little walking space is available in bustling commercial hotspot -- Maharana Pratap Nagar.MP Nagar Zone I and Zone II present a fairly good picture of what is wrong with parking. With haphazardly parked vehicles all around this place and no governing authority to take action against it, pedestrians here have a nightmarish experience while taking a walk.There are more than 10,000 commercial establishments, including hotels, banks, shops and coaching classes in MP Nagar Zone I and II. However, there are no pavements in this part of the city, causing trouble to pedestrians.Haphazardly parked vehicles and budding illegal parking lots are adding to the walker's woes here. \"We have to walk down to the coaching classes each day. Due to the messy state of parking especially two-wheelers, walking has become nearly impossible in MP Nagar,\" Dhara Pandit, a student said.Parking travails are not the end of road when it comes to walkers. Roadside kiosks and encroachments by shops are add-ons in list of parkers' woes.Booming illegal hawkers' corners are also causing problems for the pedestrians. \"More than half of the road is covered by the vendors, remaining part of the road is covered by the parked vehicles, and the rest is used by the commuters to drive. Where will the pedestrians walk?\" questioned Sadhna Baghel, a housewife.The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has called for a survey to examine how many roads require footpath and exploring a possibility of construction of footpaths in MP Nagar. Talking to TOI, BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"Within one month, the survey reports will be ready and the corporation will take necessary steps to develop footpaths here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13043435", "title": "Students get a head start in business", "text": "HYDERABAD: Many degree and MBA students with sharp business acumen are tapping the used vehicle market to make a quick buck and at the same time get a hands-on experience in the world of business.Cashing in on the demand for used motorcycles that triggered mainly due to the hike in cost of new vehicles, these students, several of them from the Old City, say that they earn anything between Rs 20,000 and Rs 80,000 per month. Some say that they have saved enough to pay their college costs. For others, it is a means of being independent.Mohammed Shareef, a 24-year-old MBA student of MRM College in Ibrahimpatnam says, \"I started about six months ago and I have started paying for my education. On an average I sell six bikes a month and earn between Rs 20,000 and Rs 30,000. There are at least eight students I know who are doing the same. Honda Activa and Passion remain the most popular choices. I have started dealing in cars as well. The Suzuki Swift and Volkswagen Vento sell like hotcakes and the demand for diesel cars is astounding. I'm thinking of entering this business full time.\"Saurabh Chhabra, an MBA student from Amity University notes that despite being dismissed as new kids on the block by many potential customers, they win them over by their thorough product and market knowledge. Different sets of people require different cars, he says. \"Dealers of my age are tech savvy and since I am a business student I am required to keep a close watch on all emerging markets, especially the automobile industry. I sell between eight and ten cars a month,\" he says.These budding businessmen network themselves with other used car dealers who have been in the market for years and usually procure cars from them. \"We identify and purchase the best cars from dealers because it is difficult to keep a track of individuals who sell cars. Unlike the traditional broker, we sell cars in good condition so that the customer comes back to us if he needs another vehicle or recommends us to his friends. Trust is important,\" he adds.Hasnain Ahmed, another MBA student who deals primarily in two-wheelers says, \"The margin is through commission which is between five per cent and eight per cent, depending on the make. For bikes it is a little lesser. If my little business sustains for a year I will take this up full time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13046390", "title": "KPKP team enjoyed Seeman\u2019s Cook", "text": "Director - actor Seeman is acting in KPKP as CBCID officer Pugazhmaran.The shooting of KPKP is reaching its final stage. Team KPKP was serving tasty foods by the unit cook itself. But when ever time permits, surprisingly Seeman has entered into kitchen and took charge of preparing some tasty and traditional foods like Uppukkari, Priyani and Meenkuzhambu...Literally team KPKP including hero Murali and Aiswarya Devan became fans of Seeman's preparation. Its notable that Seeman himself cooked healthy and traditional dishes at his office earlier days and serve food to his assistant director and other office bearers.Source: Cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043690", "title": "Metro work at ITO shrinks service lane, triggers jam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Metro construction at ITO has triggered gridlock on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg near the ITO main intersection. The works, which include realignment of BSZ Marg, have led to a clash of vehicles coming onto the main road from the service lane with those turning left towards Vikas Marg.Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has barricaded part of the service lane near Pearey Lal Bhawan for the road alignment work. As a result, there is only one-lane space for vehicles to exit the service lane, resulting in congestion.Even as vehicles managed to squeeze through the service lane as it shrinks at the exit point, they are stuck due to the large number of vehicles turning left towards Vikas Marg from BSZ Marg. With a bus stop located in proximity to the exit point of the service lane, buses shift towards the left of the road just before the turn for Vikas Marg.The line-up of buses blocks the vehicles coming from the service lane to merge with the main traffic. The already congested area has been further choked by the alignment work, which includes shifting of the central verge on BSZ Marg by one lane to the left of the road and Delhi Metro's plans to free up part of the service lane to widen the main road.Sources said 30m of the service lane, starting from the point the lane merges with the main road, will be added to the carriageway to make it 9m wide. Said a senior official, \"The service lane is 7m, and another 2m is used for parking. The wall along the lane will be shifted and 2m will be taken up to widen the main carriageway.\" Sources said the 9m carriageway would have three lanes, and should afford enough space for traffic movement. \"We will deploy marshals as well as install proper signage along the road,\" added the Metro source.However, shrinking of the service lane will result in regular traffic snarls at the mouth of BSZ Marg, as traffic will back up on the stretch. \"We have been told by the Metro that some alterations will be made, but once the alignment work is complete, the main road will have the same width it had earlier. We will examine the traffic situation on Tuesday,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042327", "title": "Homes being \u2018destroyed\u2019 by live-ins: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: Live-in relationships are spoiling matrimonial homes, the Bombay high court observed on Monday after a man opposed his wife's plea for enhancement of maintenance as he has to provide for his live-in partner and their three children.A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Anoop Mohta was hearing a petition filed by Sulekha Killedar (48) challenging a family court (FC) order of November 2010 enhancing maintenance by Rs2,000 only.She said her husband Subhash (56) works with Central Railway as head ticket-checker at Solapur station.The couple married on May 5, 1987. Her petition said after marriage, Subhash ill-treated and left her. In March 1988, she filed a petition for restitution of conjugal rights.Allowing her plea, the FC in August 1989 directed him to either take her back or pay Rs 400 per month as permanent alimony. In October 2000, it was enhanced to Rs5000 and in November 2010 to Rs7000.Her application said Subhash married a woman since the past 15 years and has three children from her. It also said he is leading a good life with all luxuries and she also was entitled to it.But Subhash's advocate said, \"He has not married. It is illicit. It's a live-in relationship.''He admitted Subhash has three children from his partner. \"You also have three children!\" said Justice Majmudar.\"See the plight. The entire family will be disturbed,'' he added. He said Subhash has to support them as well as his parents. \"You are supposed to check tickets, not live-in,'' said Justice Majmudar.On a sombre note, he added, \"This is unfortunate. You have seven to eight persons to feed.''Sulekha's advocate said he has not fully complied with the FC's order to pay maintenance. \"We'll ask the railways to deduct from his salary,'' said Justice Majmudar.Sulekha's advocate said it was being done by the employer but Rs 88,000 arrears are pending.The judges adjourned the matter, telling Subhash to come up with a one-time settlement proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042768", "title": "Madhya Pradesh fails to cash in on Abhishek Bachchan's gesture", "text": "BHOPAL: The BJP-ruled state government has not taken a cue from its Gujarat counterpart to woo Abhishek Bachchan to become MP's brand ambassador. Contrary to no response from the state government, the Gujarat government wasted no time in roping in Amitabh Bachchan to make him the brand ambassador after a nod from the superstar.Now, it is over four months since the AB Junior had reportedly showed his willingness to become the brand ambassador after an idea was first put before him. Before putting any formal seal of his approval, the actor is learnt to have asked the Eco-tourism Board to send a formal proposal across to him. But the state government is yet to move forward on it.The eco-tourism board in January this year had come forward with the idea of roping in Abhishek to become state's brand ambassador.And as Abhishek's mother Jaya Bachchan shares an association with Bhopal , the idea was put across to Abhishek through Jaya. Her father, Taroon Coomar Bhaduri, was a senior journalist of Madhya Pradesh .Abhishek and his wife Aishwarya Rai Bachchan often visited his maternal grandmother's home on Shyamla Hills in the past.Sources said Abhishek had agreed in principle to promote the state for free. His mother Jaya had reportedly insisted on seeing a detailed proposal in writing.The issue continues to be in cold storage since then as the state government has not shown any interest so far.Eco-tourism board CEO AK Bhattacharya said, \"The formal proposal was worked out and sent to the state government. The matter is pending, but we have no idea at what stage the proposal is in,\" he added.State tourism corporation officials expressed their helplessness in confirming any such move and sought to shrug off the responsibility stating that it was the eco-tourism board's initiative.The sources said the proposal went up to the chief minister, but nothing happened after that. And the officials, too, in return did not make efforts from their side to get it going. Amitabh has already done his bit for the state. His baritone has been echoing in the Khajuraho temples in the Light and Sound show held every evening in Hindi and English. Experts believe that getting Abhishek would have given a boost to the popular Hindustan ka dil dekho' campaign to promote the state at the national and international level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13045132", "title": "Drug department raids blood bank &amp; medical store", "text": "KANPUR: The officials of drug department raided Sooraj medical store in Barra and Sneh Blood Bank in Kidwai Nagar on Monday.According to the officials of drug department, 600 fake oxytocin injections were seized from the medical store while several irregularities were found in blood measurement in the blood bank.After a complaint made to district magistrate by an anonymous person, a special team comprising drug inspector AK Jain, other officials of the health department and police inspected the medical store suspected of selling illegal drugs.\"The owner of Sooraj medical store was suspected of selling spurious drugs. Even the licence was not authentic,\" Jain said.He added that oxytocin is used for artificial ripening of vegetable and fruits. Many dairy owners also use the drug to get more milk from cows.Acting on a tip off, the officials conducted raids and found anomalies in record books and even in the licence. The team also collected other samples of medicines for laboratory tests.\"Many of the medicines were found to have crossed expiry date. We have collected the samples of a few medicines to be sent for further investigation. FIR has been logged against the owner and he had arrested,\" as well,\" Jain added.He said that a show-cause notice had been sent to the owners of the Sneh Blood Bank to give the reasons why the measurements were not regular. Samples of blood were also collected and sent to lab for further tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13043634", "title": "Deportation of Nigerian, South African caught in red tape", "text": "HUBLI: The district administration and city police are in a bind over the deportation of a Nigerian and South African. In 2009, Hubli police arrested Austin Toni, 32, of Nigeria, and Smith, 36, of South Africa , for paying locals in fake dollar bills after purchasing land in the city.Both entered India without passports and other valid documents.When police contacted their respective embassies, officers confirmed that they had not issued any documents to the duo.The fast track court sentenced them to 2.9 years' imprisonment for travelling without a passport, documents and cheating people. On April, 30, 2012, they completed their sentence and were released from Parappana Agrahara jail. After their release, they were produced before the Foreigners Regional Registration Office (FRRO), Bangalore. The FRRO ordered that they be produced the Dharwad deputy commissioner on May 1.They were handed over to the Dharwad district administration on May 2. Now, police and the district administration are unable to deport them as they neither have passports nor are they divulging their addresses back home. On May 2, the district administration told police to confine the duo at the police guest house for 10 days while they track down their addresses and arrange for their deportation.Darpan Jain, deputy commissioner, said: \"It is the first time we are facing such a peculiar case. Police have been asked to find out the addresses of the duo and deport them.\" Ramachandra Rao, police commissioner, Hubli-Dharwad, said, \"We are expediting investigations in this case. An inspector has also been sent to Nigeria to find out their address. We should send them back soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042664", "title": "\u2018State needs investor-friendly policies\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: There is a need for a conducive environment in Madhya Pradesh for industries to increase their investment within the state. An open access policy should be implemented for the power sector, experts say.Giving an example of the TATA Nano project that was shifted to Gujarat, D S Rawat, national secretary general, Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM), on Monday said, \"Bureaucracy in Gujarat is not only supportive but also willing to help out. Infrastructural developments like roads, uninterrupted power supply, waiver of utilization charges and wheeling charges lure investors and industries to the state.\"According to a strategy unveiled on Monday titled 'realizing the growth potential of Madhya Pradesh' by ASSOCHAM, the state has successfully attracted about 836 live investment projects worth about Rs 5.8 lakh crore so far.The paper further states that power sector has attracted a lion's share of 54.1% of the total live investments, followed by manufacturing (approximately 20%), services (11.6 %) and real estate (7.1%).\"About 51% of these investments are under implementation, while about 40% of these investments are in the announcement stage and implementation of about 2.5% of projects has been stalled due to various reasons,\" said Anil Agarwal, co-chairman, ASSOCHAM Madhya Pradesh Region Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13044288", "title": "Only 1% Chennai buildings disabled-friendly", "text": "Each time Deepak T M N, who walks with the aid of crutches, visits the state secretariat, he finds it extremely difficult to get into any of the buildings within the compound. \"The floors are slippery and with the exception of the CM's cell, none of the other buildings have a ramp,\" said Deepak, who is the Tamil Nadu Handicapped Federation Charitable Trust president. \"I have slipped and fallen several times.\"According to a recent survey done by several NGOs in the city, only 1% of the public buildings in Chennai are accessible to differently-abled persons. But even these, pointed out Rajiv Rajan of Disabled Rights Alliance (DRA), have certain other features that make it difficult for the differently-abled. \"For example, Chennai Central Railway station is disabled friendly,\" he said referring to the interconnected platforms without use of overhead foot bridges and also the audiovisual announcements. \"On the other hand, boarding trains is extremely difficult for us. So that makes the whole thing pointless as why would we come to the station if not to board trains.\"He also added that there were similar problems existed with the nearby Ripon Building. \"Ripon Building has a beautiful ramp, but the way to it is scattered with sand and stones thus making it extremely difficult for any differently-abled person to wheel up,\" said Rajiv. \"The worst of the lot and the least accessible building would be the Egmore museum.\"With accessibility in mind, DRA Tamil Nadu has been in talks with the Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) which recently announced that Metro rail would be disabled-friendly. They have planned ease in getting into coaches, elevators with hand rails and disabled-friendly toilets and ticket counters. The state government recently introduced a bill for making buildings disabled-friendly during an assembly session. Ability Foundation also did an access audit a few years ago of banks, post offices and university campuses and found many of them falling short of the mark.\"The only exception is the Anna library,\" said Janaki, a member of the organisation. \"Also Sir Mutha Subba Concert hall at Chetpet is also accessible.\" But with the exception of a few, most buildings, public or private are inaccessible due to absence of codes and rules, added Deeepak.\"There are no rules in the National Building codes about making buildings disabled-friendly,\" he said. \"Even if somebody wanted to build such a structure, he would not know whom to consult because the information is not available.\"However, one government building has been made perfectly disabled-friendly, added Deepak, with all credit to an IAS official. \"When the Anna Institute of Management on Greenways Road was being constructed, the official-in-charge of disabled rights insisted that it be made disabled-friendly,\" he said. \"And today, the building is perfectly accessible for orthopaedically challenged as well as visually challenged. The corridors have directions carved in the Braille script to guide visually challenged students to their classrooms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045353", "title": "JD(U) yet to discuss presidential poll issue", "text": "PATNA: The JD(U) is not opening its cards about the presidential election scheduled for July next and waiting for the UPA's decision on the candidate. \"This is premature topic. There is ample time to think over the issue,\" said chief minister Nitish Kumar when mediapersons asked for his comment after his return from Delhi.He said that the issue would be discussed in the NDA at an appropriate time. The CM's comments came at a time when various political parties have already expressed their views on the possible candidates. Initially, the BJP leadership had expressed its reservation over the two possible names, vice-president Hamid Ansari and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee . However, it was JD(U)'s strong opposition to Sushma Swaraj's remarks on their candidature that the BJP preferred to go silent on the issue.The CM said there has been no discussion in the party on presidential polls or any individual. \"The initiative has to be taken by the ruling party and only then we will express our views,\" he said.The JD(U) leadership, party sources said, is not averse to the two possible names which are being debated in political circles. The party will try for a consensus in the NDA with regard to Ansari if his name is finally put forth by the ruling alliance, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13045552", "title": "Women block traffic over lack of water supply in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: A few hundred women from ward 40 indulged in a blockade on the Dindigul-Trichy road with empty pots on Monday, demanding for the supply of drinking water. They complained that around 500 households in Ramji Nagar falling within ward 40 had not received water supply for over a fortnight. Traffic was brought to a halt for some time on the Dindigul-Trichy road and officials rushed to the spot to pacify the women.As an interim measure, the corporation sent two lorries of drinking water to bring the volatile situation under control. In fact, there were 12 water lorries at the disposal of the Tiruchirappalli Corporation to fetch water to parched areas as and when they were needed.A spokesperson of the corporation said that areas like Chinna Kothamangalam, Periya Kothamangalam, Mill Colony and Pirattiyur town were not connected with the corporation's ambitious drinking water scheme currently underway. Along with a number of village panchayats, they were supplied water through the TWAD's combined water scheme. He said that villagers in the areas coming under ward 40 were taking water from the main line cutting across their areas and during summer it was likely that they did not get enough water. This time, the break in supply of water lasted for more than 15 days in a row which invited the ire of women in the area.Before the situation could go out of hand, ward councillor T Muthuselvam, and executive engineer Chandran visited the spot and pacified the women after promising them an immediate supply of water to satisfy their current need. Two water tankers would be placed at their disposal until the situation was brought back to normalcy.The spokesperson further said the areas coming under ward 40 would be later brought back under the purview of the ambitious Rs 221 crore water project that was launched in 2007 by the DMK government to tide over the perennial water problem that had existed on the bank of Cauvery. The ambitious water project with financial assistance from Japan, envisaged to erect 37 overhead water tanks at various places in the city. The inordinate delay in executing the project was attributed to the logistical hurdles in laying the conveyor pipelines cutting across a couple of railway crossings and the national highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kancheepuram", "code": "13044264", "title": "Spotted deer slips and falls into 100-feet-deep well, dies", "text": "KANCHEEPURAM: A four-year-old spotted deer died on Monday after it slipped and fell into a farm well at Thirunaiperugal village, 20km from Kancheepuram. About three months ago, a deer that fell into a well in Thirukalimedu village but was rescued.Around 7am on Monday, brothers S Pasupathi and S Thirunavukasasu, who own the farm, were repairing an electric motor fitted in the well to pump water. \"We heard a noise like that of a stone falling and saw a deer struggling in the well,\" said Pasupathi.After a few rescue attempts, Pasupathi alerted inspector K Sivabalasekaran who informed the district forest office. Along with forester S Somasundram and forest guard K Anbazhagan, police rushed to the spot where they found blood strains of the deer on one of the footsteps. Anbazhagan, who was lowered into the well, lifted out the animal which was dead by then. \"It had sustained injuries on the legs, mouth and stomach,\" said a police officer.Forest officials said the deer might have strayed from the nearby Vandalur reserve forest and fallen into the well that is more than 100 feet deep and 20 feet wide.It may have been injured after falling on the steel pipes installed in the well to pump out water. \"Open wells don't have walls around them,\" said a forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13044091", "title": "27-year-old woman jumps to death from Sec 10A highrise", "text": "GURGAON: On Monday morning, a 27-year-old married woman jumped to her death from a highrise apartment in Sector 10A in Gurgaon. Incidentally, the building from which she jumped was not the one where she lived.The deceased, a mother of two kids aged five and one, reportedly had a huge fight with her husband on Sunday night. This was however denied by her husband, who said that they had \"no domestic fights\" on Sunday.The alleged suicide took place at 8.35am on Monday in Karmyogi apartment in Sector 10A. Amit Chalana, a native of Ganganagar, has been living with his family in flat No. 607 of Pelican apartment for the past five years. Their apartment is located just at the backside of Karamyogi Apartments, from where Amit's wife, Meenakshi, allegedly committed suicide on Monday. Amit runs his own business in partnership with his friend and the couple has a five-year-old daughter and a one-year-old son.According to sources, on Monday morning, Meenakshi saw her daughter off to school and then made tea and breakfast, just like any other day. She then told her husband and her mother, who had been visiting her for the past 15 days, that she is going out for some work. After around 10 minutes, Amit and his mother-in-law got information that Meenakshi had committed suicide by jumping from the nearby Karamyogi Apartments.When they rushed to the spot, they saw Meenakshi's body lying in a pool of blood. She was dead by the time she was taken to the hospital.A security guard at the Karamyogi Apartments told TOI that while Meenakshi had entered her real name in the register, she wrote down a wrong address - she mentioned Lord Shiva Apartments as her residence (which is also in the vicinity) instead of Pelican Apartments - and mentioned that she was visiting flat No. 203, which housed a beauty parlour. But later, it was found that the parlour is actually located in flat No. 303.However, her signature was for real and later, it was her husband who identified her handwriting. After getting information, a team of policemen reached the spot and took the body of the deceased into custody.The police have recorded the statement of the victim's mother and husband and handed over dead body to them after the postmortem. Police are yet to ascertain the floor from which the woman jumped to her death, because there was no eyewitness around.A neighbour of the victim told TOI that Meenakshi was a housewife and a mother of two children, who were keeping well and she had to look after them. The daughter is a patient of asthma since childhood while her son is suffering from a kidney condition known as hydronephrosis. He has already undergone a few operations at Apollo Hospital and his health was a prime reason for Meenakshi's stress. \"That is the reason why we are surprised that she took this %extreme step,\" said one of the neighbours.Sub-inspector Budhi Parakash, the additional SHO of Sector 10A police station, said, \"We have not found any suicide note and we will be investigating the case from all aspects.\"The victim's parents-in-law reside in Chandigarh while her maternal house is in Ganganagar, Rajasthan. Her maternal family and her in-laws are on their way to Gurgaon. Till Monday night, the family had not told the children about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044440", "title": "BJP like a gang that can\u2019t shoot straight", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP high command's diktat to Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda was clear. He was to ensure the party's deputy leader in Rajya Sabha SS Ahluwalia's election during the polling on May 3 for the Upper House in the state.But there was a problem. Munda had committed himself to coalition partner Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), which had warned of dire consequences if its nominee lost. The electoral arithmetic might have seen a second nominee win, but it would be risky. So, Munda remained cool to Ahluwalia.As Ahluwalia's embarrassing defeat sunk in, a BJP source seemed to hit the nail on the head saying it was time party leaders stopped behaving like overlords, issuing 'firman' to regional chiefs and expecting unthinking compliances. It wasn't going to happen.Yet, BJP leader Yashwant Sinha perhaps stated the obvious when in Monday's debate on the finance Bill he said a \"lame duck\" UPA suited the opposition. After all, the Congress's current woes could be tailor made for an opposition desperately seeking a comeback.But a series of poor decisions and in-house blood letting has given rival Congress a break, made allies jumpy and dealt a blow to the party's claim to being a credible alternative. The BJP looks a bit like the gang that couldn't shoot straight.The Jharkhand botch-up was followed by a rash of factionalism in Rajasthan as an ill-conceived political yatra aimed at challenging former CM Vasundhara Raje precipitated a crisis. Not one to take things lightly, Raje threw a fit with 50-odd MLAs \"quitting\" in support.The Rajasthan and Jharkhand events were preceded by a premature announcement that the BJP will not supporting either of the Congress's reported options Pranab Mukherjee and Hamid Ansari for president. This proved a serious miscalculation as ally JD(U) dissented, suggesting it will go its own way.Party leaders put down the setbacks to a combination of factors from oneupmanship among BJP brass, a party president curbed by party seniors, half-baked RSS interventions and headstrong satraps sensing in a weak Centre lending scope for unilateralism.Voter mood can occasionally boost the BJP, as it did in Delhi's civic polls. But allies like the JD(U) are looking beyond the NDA, calculating benefits of doing so. And, the BJP can't forget how BJD chief Naveen Patnaik's desertion in 2009 had scuppered L K Advani's campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13043854", "title": "Man tries to 'kill' wife, self", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Apparently driven by family discord, a man allegedly attempted to kill his wife and later commit suicide in Unit-II area here on Monday. The couple K Ramesh Reddy (23) and Jayashree Reddy (21), who got married two years ago, are undergoing treatment at Capital Hospital.The shocking incident occurred in the busy Market Building area. Though police are yet to ascertain as to why Ramesh resorted to the drastic step, family sources said the couple was upset over a family feud since the past few months. They were staying in Digapahandi area of Ganjam district.\"Jayashree and Ramesh came to meet her parents, who stay in a slum near the Market Building area. Perhaps, there was an altercation, which later turned violent. Both of them are safe,\" a police officer said.Based on prima facie investigation, police suspect Ramesh slashed Jayashree's throat with a sharp-edged weapon and later turned the blade to his own throat. \"He even tried to slit his vein on left hand,\" the police officer said. The profusely bleeding couple was immediately rushed to Capital Hospital. The couple's family members were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "13043781", "title": "Tainted water triggers health alarm in Nuapada", "text": "Balangir: People of Nuapada district have been exposed to severe health hazard because of the presence of high amount of fluoride in tubewell water. The threat is particularly profound in Sinapali, Boden and Komna blocks. Junior engineer (JE) of RWSS P K Sahu said that Boden is the worst -hit. \"With water from tubewells containinf fluoride people have been asked not to draw water from tube wells,\" said Sahu.He said water in Palsipani and Dhumabhata villages of Komna block and Karlapat and Sukalpur villages in Boden block have a high content of fluoride in the ground water. As many as 905 villages in Nuapada district have been affected.The scorching summer and 1,705 tubewells being declared defunct by the administration because of the fluoride content have added to the woes of the people. Also, there is no alternative source of drinking forcing people to trek at least one km to the nearby river to fetch water. The Rural Water Supply and Sanitation (RWSS) department that was supposed to dig sanitary wells has completed only 81. And, wells that have been dug up are mostly dry.\"We are not using the tubewell water because fluoride is very hazardous to health. Although it is very painstaking, we fetch water from the nearby river\", said Minketan Dube of Dhamabhata, where 5.4 mg fluoride is found in per litre of water. He said we have to use water sparingly and children are losing weight after consuming the water.Executive engineer of RWSS Bijayanand Samantray said sanitary wells alone cannot meet the demand of people but its water is safe. \"The sanitary wells are 30-ft deep and are covered by RCC wall. The depth has been kept low to prevent fluoride from oozing into the water from deeper levels,\" said Samantray. He said existing tubewells have been destroyed. \"Sanitary wells are being dug on a war footing. We are hopeful that another 80 tubewells would be dug up to meet the demand in summer,\" the engineer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13043949", "title": "Four JPC rebels arrested in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A joint team of CRPF and Jharkhand Armed Force (JAP) succeeded in arresting four members of the Jharkhand Prastuti Committee (JPC).Police claimed that the arrests were made in the last 24 hours during anti-Naxalite operations that continued for the fifth day on Monday.Presenting the four arrested rebels with seven cellphones seized from their possession before the media at his office, SP Jitendra Kumar Singh said Virendra Ganjhu of Khamhar Nava Toli, Chaita Ganjhu of Ganjhu Toli, Salaiya, Ramdhani Ganjhu of Bar Toli, Salaiya and Tetra Ganjhu of Bar Toli, Salaiya, were arrested in different villages and forests in the district.\"Virendra Ganjhu alias Tufan Singh, alias Subhas alias Samir is the chief of JPC - the group had only nine members and seven arms. Two of them, including founder member Ranthu Oraon, were already put behind the bars just a few days after they set two trucks ablaze on the Kisko-Richughuta road on April 4. On May 2, the same group looted seven mobile handsets from truck drivers. All those looted handsets were recovered from the four arrested rebels who were being forwarded to jail on Monday. Now, JPC has only three members left and they are to be arrested soon as they have been identified,\" said the SP.He said the rebels admitted that their founder leader Ranthu Oraon was managing transportation of bauxite from Richughuta and Pakhar mines while a transporter, Islam Ansari, was used to manage money to these rebels in want of favour for his transporting business.\"The transportation on Pakhar-Richuguta route was paralyzed due to the interference of the same group but after their arrest, the transportation is getting to normal course as usual,\" he said.The SP announced reward for the team members- ASP Madhusudan Bari, Assistant Commandant of CRPF Suresh Kumar, Inspector Rajeev Ranjan, Kisko and Kuru OCs- Munu Tudu and SK Tiwari who were involved in nabbing the rebels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13045079", "title": "Groundwater regulation likely in 1,274 villages", "text": "PUNE: As many as 1,274 villages in 57 talukas of 12 districts, including talukas like Ambegaon, Baramati, Indapur, Junnar, Khed, Purandar and Shirur in Pune district , are expected to be identified by the Groundwater Survey and Development Agency (GSDA) as areas coming in the over-exploited and critical watersheds in the state.Once identified by the GSDA, the respective district collectors will notify these areas, thus banning extraction of water for all activities except drinking. The GSDA is in the process of finalizing the list of overexploited and critical watersheds in the state. \"The aim is to regulate the exploitation of groundwater in order to protect public drinking water sources. Construction of new wells and energization of existing wells will be banned in villages once they are notified,\" an official from GSDA said, adding that the exercise is being carried out since more than a decade.The official said that villages are notified as per the Maharashtra Groundwater (Regulation for Drinking Water Purposes) Act, 1993 and subsequent framing of rules in 1995. \"Provisions made under section 6 and 7 in the Act say that over-exploited and critical watersheds in the state should be identified,\" he said.Once the village is notified, new electricity connections and digging of new wells for irrigation or industrial use are prohibited.Aim is to regulate exploitation of groundwater New wells will be banned in notified villages Extraction of water for irrigation or industrial use will be prohibited Committee will be formed to manage groundwater in over-exploited areas\"After notification, there should not be any abstraction of water in these villages for irrigation or any other purpose, except for drinking. For instance, villages in Warud and Morshi in Amravati district and Yawal and Raver in Jalgaon are being notified since the last decade, particularly because of water being extracted in huge quantity for water-guzzling crops likes oranges and bananas grown here. A ban on the construction of new wells has also been enforced here,\" he said.The official said that water usage in notified areas will be managed and regulated further with the Maharashtra Groundwater (Development and Management) Bill, 2009, which was passed in the state legislative assembly and council during the budget session recently.\"Though construction of new wells in notified areas is banned, there have been instances in the past when people would dig borewells for irrigation purposes.However, with the new bill, a Watershed Water Resources Committee (WWRC) will be formed to manage and regulate groundwater in over-exploited and critical areas. This authority, which has legal status, will keep a check on unauthorized construction of wells, among other things,\" the official said.As per the new bill, watershed development and management plan has to be prepared and implemented by the WWRC as soon as the areas are notified, the official said.\"This is done to attain normalcy in re-charge and exert control on abstraction. Also, as per the new bill, the State Groundwater Authority will undertake the registration of well owners, rainwater harvesting for artificial groundwater recharge , registration of drilling rigs, declaration of water scarcity area, prohibition of construction of a well within the zone of influence, groundwater use plan coupled with crop plan as well as watershed development,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043209", "title": "Corporate professionals don their thinking caps for Think Quest quiz contest", "text": "PUNE: The city's first Corporate Quiz - Think Quest - has witnessed strong participation with more than 2,000 working professionals from 50 plus leading corporates in and around Pune registering for the event.The Corporate Quiz, launched by Kolte Patil Developers - Life Republic, in association with The Times of India, is being organised in two categories - Campus Quiz and Open Category. The quiz has been hosted by seven large companies so far, with couple of more to go.The quiz received overwhelming participation from hundreds of teams at each location.The companies who have hosted the quiz so far are Capgemini, Tech Mahindra, Mahindra Satyam, Atos, Symphony and Infosys.The Open Category too has received phenomenal response with enthusiastic participation from hundreds of teams through online registration.Speaking about the initiative, Vijay Sane, project director, Life Republic, said, \"A quiz competition is the best platform for individuals to display their thinking prowess. Think Quest is one such opportunity for people who believe in the power of thinking to come together, compete and showcase their thinking abilities.\"\"Think Quest symbolises our affiliation to the cause of 'thinking minds' as it is the foundation of building better community life.\"Winners at the Campus Quiz walked away with latest Blackberry phones, laptop bags and tickets for the Pune Warriors India cricket matches during the ongoing IPL tournament. An elated Vijay Bhaskar Reddy Veluri, winner at the campus Quiz, said: \"It was a great experience to be a part of Think Quest. Such events are very rare and unique in the IT &amp; corporate sector where the IQ of the employees is tested. I would like to thank Life Republic and Times of India for this opportunity and will be looking forward for more similar activities.\"The mega finals of Think Quest will be on May 18 at Life Republic, Hinjewadi, where top teams from the corporates will compete for the top honors and fabulous prizes.Professionals who want to be part of Think Quest can register online by visiting the competition website www.thinkquest.co.in. Think Quest is an initiative of Times Red Cell. (END)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13045231", "title": "Hit or miss? Health helpline number gets all kinds of calls", "text": "KANPUR: The toll-free helpline number of health department continues to receive all sorts of complaints. Many exposed various illegal practices going on at the health centres, several other were found fake and outcome of personal grudges.Chief medical officer Ramayan Prasad Yadav said that serious allegations have been made by the patients against the doctors working at the health centres through the toll-free helpline. Several of them were found true and many fake.Briefing about the complaints received after the second week of the launch of the helpline, its nodal officer, Dr AK Saxena, said that seven complaints have been received from May 1 to 7. Action was taken on all the complaints. Many patients complained that the toll-free helpline remained non-functional from past five days. According to a patient who came to Dufferin Hospital, he tried to call on the toll-free helpline when the doctors refused to admit his wife but no one picked up the phone, even after several attempts. It happened on Thursday.TOI tried to call on the helpline on Friday morning and got no response from the other side. The situation was same in the evening. However, the operator started picking up the phone from Sunday evening. Dr Saxena said that he had not received any complaints between May 2 and 4.Briefing about the complaints received after the second week of the launch of the helpline, its nodal officer, Dr AK Saxena, said that seven complaints have been received from May 1 to 7. Action was taken on all the complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13046216", "title": "Naan E from May 30", "text": "SS Rajamouli's much awaited sci-fi flick sprinkled with romance and thriller will have its grand release on 30th May.The movie which has Nani, Sudeep and Samantha in the lead is a trilingual to be released in Tamil, Telugu and Kannada. CG works being the major usp of the movie has special effects crafted by technicians from USA, Russia, Poland and India.The shooting of the movie completed six months before is in the post production phase with the final touches of the director. The movie will be a wholesome entertainer not only for the youth and grownups but also for family audience and children and is hence scheduled for a summer release, says its director.Produced by PVP Cinema, Naan E directed by SS Rajamouli, has music scored by Keeravani (Maragathamani). Dialogues are penned by Crazy Mohan and Santhanam takes care of comedy portions.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13046674", "title": "Srikanth escaped from fire while shooting", "text": "Pagan is being produced by Viswas U Lot in association with Purushotham on behalf of VP Productions. Srikanth - Janani Iyer are the lead pair of this movie. Kovai Sarala, Soori, Pondy, George and Anumohan also starring in Paagan.The shooting of Paagan is happening in Pollachi, Tirupur and Kodaikanal. A bomb blast scene has been shot for climax. Very first time in India SONY F65 camera has been used for shooting. Srikanth has performed casually in this risky sequences without any dupe. Though the safety rope got cut he escaped narrowly.Talking about this accident Srikanth says, \" Almost I meet accidents in all my films...there is a strong relation between me and fire..ha ha...you can call me as an accident baby..Master Supreme Sundar is always extremely careful on actors when he shot such sequences...with his help we have done all risky and dangerous fight sequences very casually..If this bomb blast sequences went well ...Paagan would created a record as No accident movie while shooting. All advised me not to take risk and decided to go for dupe... but I know there is a family behind the dupe artistes also...if it was a risk for me why not for him??? So I got ready to perform and was tied by a rope..We did so many rehearsal...by the time the rope became week..finally the rope got cut at the take... I slipped and luckily in a spilt second I got out from the place in which the bomb was going to be blast...The stunt artistes pulled off the rope only instead of with me ... I could not believe my escape ..the tension remains till now.. But I ve meet an unforgettable accident in Manasellam movie...like that accident happened in Paagan also... Particularly we shot with SONY F 65 camera. Till now nobody has used in India. It has the capability of capturing scenes by going inside the fires...You can realize my narrow escaping when you will watch the movie...\"Aslam the former associate of Directors Cheran, Ameer and Radha Mohan debuts himself as a director in Paagan. He has also written the story, screenplay and dialogue for Paagan. Cinematographer is J Lakshman while Jemes Vansanthan composes the music for Paagan.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13045062", "title": "Defence minister suggests status quo on Annandale", "text": "SHIMLA: Union minister for defence A K Antony has suggested that the Himachal Pradesh government maintain status quo over the Annandale ground till the time suitable land is identified. Responding to a question from Manikrao H Gavit in the Lok Sabha on Monday, the minister stated in his written reply, \"A formal lease was executed with effect from April 8, 1955, for a period of 10 years, which was subsequently extended up to 1982. Though the lease was not formally extended beyond 1982, the rentals were paid to the state government up to 2006.\"Further, Antony said that a joint inspection of the site was carried out by representatives of the state government, Army headquarters and the ministry of defence in July 2009, in a bid to resolve the issue. He said that the state government offered an alternate site in 2010, but the Army found it unsuitable.Recently, BJP MP from Himachal Pradesh, Virender Kashyap , had raised the Annandale ground issue in the parliament. Kashyap claimed that the ground was not of much use to the Army and was being mainly utilized for playing golf. Kashyap said the state government wants to make a sports complex at the site, and the Army had been offered 240 bighas at another place. The court of divisional commissioner Shimla has fixed June 28 as the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047166", "title": "KJo to judge a dance reality show", "text": "He has made some of the most successful Hindi films of recent times. He has thrown the best parties in B'town.He has hosted a show, had coffee with celebrities and had a brief stint in front of the camera (a little too brief, one may say, in Aditya Chopra's Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge). But one thing he hasn't done yet is dance. But now, Karan Johar is ready to take on the challenge as well. He will judge the new season of a dance reality show, which is scheduled to go on air mid-June.Mirror has learnt that Karan sealed the deal on Monday afternoon on his return from Bangkok where he had been shooting his directorial next Student Of The Year. Madhuri Dixit , who had been the face of the show last season as well, will be the co-judge.When contacted, Karan Johar confirmed the news and said, \"Dance is an integral part of Bollywood and my films. This form of expression creates music and magic between the stars and what one sees is unmatched chemistry. Every dance form has a way of narrating a different story and with this show, I am looking forward to such great moments. I have watched the earlier seasons and I am really excited to share the spotlight with the dancing diva Madhuri.\"Juggling his new show with work is however going to be tough for the fimmaker, who will be starting multiple projects this year. \"Karan is already busy with Student Of The Year. He will be launching three newcomers in the film. Also, there are many other projects on the anvil. But knowing Karan, he must have already planned something,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "13045603", "title": "Woman constable commits suicide", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: A 23-year-old lady constable attached to the Tamil Nadu Special police battalion committed self immolation on Monday afternoon in Sivaganga.The constable was admitted in the government hospital with severe burns but succumbed to the injuries. Police said there was no suicide note left by the constable and they are investigating the reason for the suicide.Police said Muthumari (23), wife of Kannan, an auto driver residing at Nadutheru in Rajapalayam, was serving in the 11th battalion of the Tamil Nadu Special Police. She was also residing in the staff quarters at the battalion. Around 3.30 pm she went into the residential quarters and moments later she doused herself with kerosene and set herself ablaze.Hearing her cries, neighbours rushed to the house and broke open the door to find Muthumari with severe burn injuries. They immediately rushed her to the hospital but she died. The suicide of Muthumari has created a flutter in the residential quarters as well as the battalion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13041243", "title": "Chief minister to pen 'best-seller' on politics", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar is nursing an ambition of writing a book on the state's political scene as witnessed by him during his nearly two-decade long career.Speaking at the function in the city, the IIT graduate-turned-politician said that he is not interested in making money, even though he expressed confidence that it would be a best-seller. \"The book will be a best-seller as I have a surplus of anecdotes to narrate,\" Parrikar said.However, Parrikar did not disclose in which language he would try his hand at writing or any time frame for its completion. \"The reader will be kept glued to the book,\" he said.Parrikar had joined main stream politics in 1987 by becoming a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party and in 1994 he was first elected member of the second legislative assembly of the state of Goa.\"I don't want to make money off this book. If I do make some, it can be given to somebody,\" he said.Parrikar has played the role of opposition leader in the Goa state legislative assembly before taking over as the first BJP chief minister in 2000. In 2005, the Parrikar-government was reduced to a minority in the assembly after four BJP MLAs resigned from the house. \"You (readers) will laugh continuously while reading my book in which I will share my experiences about the government functioning in Goa,\" said Parrikar.On March 9, 2012, Parrikar became a third-time chief minister after the BJP and allies won 24 seats in the recent-held assembly election. Very few politicians have published books on their political experiences. Former chief minister Luizinho Faleiro has written his autobiography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13043654", "title": "Nagashettikoppa Lake to be developed", "text": "HUBLI: Dharwad deputy commissioner Darpan Jain inspected the Nagashettikoppa Lake near Keshwapur here on Monday and directed officials to take steps to maintain hygienic condition in the lake.After visiting the lake, Jain held a meeting with villagers and farmers of Nagashettikoppa in a temple and said that he will take a decision on the development of the lake within 15 days.He sought cooperation of the villagers to shift the houses built on the banks of the lake as per Supreme Court regulations. He said he will make alternative arrangement for those who shift their houses. Mayor Pandurang Patil said that the corporation would call tenders for cleaning the lake in a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13043749", "title": "Man held for possessing fake passport", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 36-year-old native of Kerala, set to fly from Coimbatore to Sharjah, was detained by immigration officials at the airport here on Monday for possessing a fake passport. He had reportedly been using the passport since 1997, and was arrested before he could board the Sharjah-bound flight. The accused was identified as H Abdul Majid, 36, hailing from Malappuram in Kerala.On Monday around 3.40 am, immigration inspector P Loganathan, who was on duty at Coimbatore airport, stopped Abdul Majid and checked his passport. Majid had obtained the passport from the Trichy regional passport office, giving a fake address. Though he hailed from Malappuram, the address in the passport was mentioned as Colachel in Kanyakumari district.Majid has used the passport many times to travel to Riyadh through Kozhikode and Mumbai airports. It was the first time that he was flying out from Coimbatore. During interrogation, he confessed to getting the passport with the help of an agent. He was working in an ayurvedic medical shop.The immigration officials handed over him to Peelamedu police. He was arrested and remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042512", "title": "Madhya Pradesh board X, XII results likely by May end", "text": "BHOPAL: The state board is gearing up to declare results of the high school and higher secondary exams by the end of this month.MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE), in all likelihood, will announce class XII results on May 28 while class X results will be declared on May 31, according to board office sources.Board office sources also said the results could have been declared five days earlier but were delayed after disruption in evaluation process in the wake of protests by deputy head evaluators at different centres. As a result, evaluation process is still on in some districts.The board had set the target of April 30 to wind up evaluation. Because of protests from the deputy head evaluators for not decreasing the number of assigned copies and lack of holidays threw the planning of the board in disarray.The result form is also being filled up with the daily lot of evaluated mark sheets. A consolidated result sheet would have further delayed the process, sources say.The delay in the evaluation process arose because there was a lack of specialised teachers for science subjects. The protests by the deputy head evaluators added to the delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13043908", "title": "Vulture breeding centre in July", "text": "RANCHI: Vultures, nature's most efficient scavengers that were declared endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (IUCN), will be bred in captivity here from July.The state forest department has readied the only vulture-breeding centre in Bihar and Jharkhand, at Muta in Ranchi district. \"It will be opened after June,\" said principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) A K Malhotra.Around 500 Old World vultures (a species) are in India at present.The Rs 50-lakh project that will be spread across two acres has been financed by the Central Zoo Authority and the state government. The breeding centre will have one aviary for breeding grown-up vultures and a nursery for newborn vultures. It will be capable to breed 40 to 50 vultures at a time. One aviary is capable to breed 25 to 30 vultures while the nursery is capable to breed 10 to 12 vultures.Chief wildlife conservator A K Gupta said, \"We will seek consultation of experts to help breed healthy vultures.\" The conservators here are in touch with experts from Vulture Conservation Breeding Centre in Pinjore, Haryana, and vulture breeding centres in Chandigrah and other states.In Jharkhand, vultures are found in Hazaribag, West Singhbhum and to some extent in East Singhbhum. \"There are estimated to be around 200 nests of vultures in Hazaribag. We will bring eggs of the vultures from these nests and breed them,\" said Gupta.An expert said the habits of vulture make the breeding programme more successful. Vultures lay an egg at a time. However, when that egg is lost or taken away, they immediately lay another egg. It will help the breeders. The wildlife conservators are hopeful that the breeding centre would improve vulture counts in Jharkhand. \"We will be able to release a good number of vultures in the wild regularly,\" said Malhotra.A newborn vulture can be released into the wild only after 4-5 years of breeding. Malhotra, who recently participated in an international seminar on vulture conservation in New Delhi, said: \"The intentional community has once again expressed concerns over the status of vultures.\"A few years ago, the central government banned use of Diclofenac, a drug used as painkillers in human and animals, for animals to check the count of the vultures. \"Many vultures die as they eat dead animals whose carcass contain some form of Diclofenac. It has worked but many the drug is being used stealthily,\" said a wildlife conservator.\"A stricter enforcement of the ban has to be maintained in Jharkhand,\" said Malhotra. A group of experts has suggested to the Central government to ban the drug for human beings, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042313", "title": "Mayor looks to NGOs, individuals to help improve Nagpur Municipal Corporation schools", "text": "NAGPUR: Admitting the BJP-led ruling alliance Nagpur Vikas Aghadi's (NVA) failure in improving education at NMC schools in the last five years, mayor Anil Sole has vowed to raise standards before the new academic session begins. Sole has started looking for organization and individuals that can give a helping hand for his plans.Disclosing his plans, Sole, also a professor by profession, said public participation will definitely help improve NMC schools. \"We are taking help from interested persons and organizations to ensure notebooks are provided to students on the first day of the new academic session. Three persons have already showed readiness to supply notebooks. Besides, students will also be given school uniforms and textbooks on the first day,\" he said.Sole further said the school buildings will get a new look as directives have been passed to ensure whitewash of all schools immediately. \"Inter-school activities had not been conducted for last three years. From now onwards, such activities will be conducted regularly. A calendar of extra curricular activities is being prepared and will be followed strictly throughout the year. Various workshops and training camps will be organized for students and teachers. English medium classes will also be started,\" he said.He also promised to develop at least 10 NMC schools so that they are at par with private institutions within one year.NMC's poor management of its schools has led to closure of 98 schools in the last seven years, despite an expenditure of Rs 50 crore per annum on them. Finance is not a problem, though, as the government releases ample funds. However, the students used to get educational material after September or even later. Now, Sole has vowed to correct everything by constituting a committee of experts in education, especially from RTMNU and PDKV.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said the plans to conduct reassessment of government properties will begin soon. \"Idea was to appoint an expert in this field from the Central government run institutions. But it will take time. Six officers from NMC will be appointed for the work presently,\" he said.Tiwari further said NMC revenue has increased to some extent in the first month of new fiscal. \"Revenue from octroi department increased to Rs 35.46 crore from last year's Rs 31.46 crore in April. Similarly, revenue from property tax department increased to Rs 6.30 crore as against last year's Rs 2 crore. It is natural growth and also due to regular follow-ups,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13043962", "title": "Boy sodomized by six, blackmailed with MMS", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 16-year-old class XI student was allegedly sodomized by six persons in Sihani Gate area. The accused also allegedly made an MMS of the victim and threatened him that if he did not pay them money they would circulate the video in public. No arrests have been made so far.The victim lives in Ghaziabad and studies in a leading private school. The victim was avoiding school for the last one week. When the boy's parents asked him why he had been refusing to go to school, he said that some boys had been demanding money from him. He added that he had asked his cousin for money to pay them, but as he could get it he stopped going to school.\"The family then questioned the victim's cousin why he was asking for money. Initially, the cousin avoided the question but later landed the family members in shock by revealing that six persons living in the same colony were sodomizing the victim since February,\" a senior police official said.\"The victim's father, in his complaint, has alleged that the accused threatened the victim to either pay the money or they would circulate the MMS. On fear, the victim stopped going to school,\" the official added. Police have registered a case with Sihani Gate police station against the accused.SP (City) SS Yadav said that all the accused are at large. \"We have formed teams to nab them. The victim's medical examination has been conducted and report is awaited,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13044437", "title": "On rise: Urge to splurge", "text": "LUDHIANA: 39-year-old Simran (name changed), a homemaker and wife of a businessman spends Rs 30,000 to Rs 40,000 on shopping a week. Later, she realized that she felt depressed and down without shopping. When she sought the help of a psychiatrist at a leading hospital, he told her that she was suffering from compulsive shopping or buying psychiatric disorder wherein a person has compulsion to shopping.Dr Ranjive Mahajan, professor and head of the department of psychiatry at Dayanand Medical College &amp; Hospital (DMCH) who is treating Simran, said, ''There are two types of compulsive disorders which we are seeing the most. One is a disorder which occurs independently and the other one is a symptom of a multiple psychiatric ailment. At present, I have two cases of compulsive shopping disorder.'' He added that the disease is more common in women aged between 25-45 years and mostly from well to do backgrounds.Every year, around 10 to 15% cases surface of the disorder in Ludhiana. ''This figure is a bit higher in Ludhiana, as the city is inhabited by rich industrialists,'' says Dr Mahajan.Supporting the findings of Dr Ranjive Mahajan, Dr Anshu Gupta, visiting psychiatrist at SPS Apollo Hospital, said, ''Even I get one patient on an average in a month. The number is bit less as the people are not aware of the fact that compulsive shopping is a disease.'' she adds, ''The disease is 2 to 3 times more common in females than male. In Ludhiana, I am seeing about 10% increase in the number of cases every year.''She further adds, ''Compulsive shopping is different from mania in the respect that the former class of patients knows that they are doing wrong but still they try to fulfill their urge whereas the mania patients don't know what they are doing.''Dr Sandeep Goel, psychiatrist at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), said, ''I get about four patients of compulsive shopping in a year. The number is less as people who have money don't come to know that they are actually doing something wrong as they have enough money to satisfy their shopping urge. It's all about having money and satisfying the shopping urge which brings them a satisfaction.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13043430", "title": "Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Sciences land for LNG project: Government order triggers protests", "text": "KOCHI: The state government's decision to hand over a 20-acre plot belonging to Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Sciences (KUFOS) in Puthuvype for the proposed Petronet LNG-KSEB power plant in has led to confusion on Monday.The land currently houses Fisheries Station and the university authorities point out that it is an ecologically fragile zone with huge mangroves and home to endemic fish such as grey mullets which hatch only in these waters.The Cochin Port Trust on Monday submitted a government order -- G.O.(MS) 157/2012 RD issued on 19/04/2012 in Thiruvananthapuram to the KUFOS governing council in support of their claim.The KUFOS council members inspected the 20-acre land that the state government wanted to hand over for the power plant. They said they would also look at land that would be given to the university in return.\"We were not aware of any GO handing over our land for the LNG project till the Port Trust authorities submitted it today at the council meeting. The land belongs to KUFOS under the University Act but the GO issued by the revenue department erroneously states that the land belongs to the Kerala Agricultural University and the Fisheries department,\" said KUFOS registrar Abraham Joseph.According to the GO, of the 50 acres of land with the Kerala Agricultural University and now with fisheries department, 20 acres shall be demarcated and set apart for LNG-based Power Plant. The land will be transferred to KSEB for setting up the plant.\"The ecosystem is very special to this place. The land they propose to give us is completely in Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ)-1. We can't even construct any office building in that area,\" said T N Prathapan, MLA and governing council member.The university staff and officials were upset since they were kept in the dark on the discussions that were held on the exchange of the land. \"We will not accept the GO that is technically incorrect. Moreover in the meeting chaired by chief minister in the presence of minister for power and other officials on April 11, it was decided that substitute land would be given in place of the 20 acre that would go from the present land at the fisheries station. There is no mention of it at all,\" said Prathapan.Reacting to the development, Ports and Fisheries minister K Babu said correction would be made in the GO. \"We will ensure that the substitute land would be acceptable for KUFOS as the university would need land where constructions can also be done,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13042944", "title": "Finally, Sinnar leopard trapped", "text": "NASHIK: A leopard got trapped in the cage set up for it in Chas-Nalwadi-Bhojapur region in Sinnar tehsil late on Saturday night.After entering the cage, it banged on the rods of the cage, injuring itself. The villagers complained that the forest employees failed to turn up at the spot of the capture till Sunday evening.Since the last one month the two-year-old leopard had been roaming freely in the Sinnar taluka region. The leopard was finally trapped in a cage that was laid for it over the past four days, at the sugarcane field of Sudam Darade, a member of the gram panchayat.\"Since the past four days we had kept a goat inside the cage as a bait so that the leopard gets trapped,\" said N D Navale, range forest officer of Sinnar.He said informed that a local, Anil Darade, of the Darade family saw the leopard in the cage around 6am and soon and villagers gathered at the spot and he informed the forest department of the capture. on his phone about the incident.Commenting on the locals' complaints that the department did not reach the location until late on Sunday, Following complaints from villagers, On the complaints of the villagers that the forest officials did not visit the spot till Sunday evening,Navale said that adeqaute measures had been taken. \"We had deputed Balam Shaikh, a forest labourer to keep a constant watch for the past four days. He also kept a goat inside the cage andLater when the animal was trapped Shaikh also shifted the cage to a safer place. When the villagers gathered at the spot to see the leopard, the chaos infuriated the animal and it began banging on the cageto come out sustaining minor injuries in the process. Shaikh then tied the cage to a truck and shifted it to an undisclosed place near the mountains.\"Navale said that despite not having he did not have sufficient cages, and somehow managed to place four cages were placed across Nalwadi. \"First aid has been given to the leopard and it will be released soon. Three cages have also been installed at Duberewadihere in Sinnar.\" Since eight days goats are kept inside the cages but the leopard has not yet been trapped.\"Reacting to accusations that the villages hurled at the department,On the accusations of the villagers, Navale said that the locals people should cooperate with the department as it has been working diligently each time it received information about a leopard sighting. Navale said informed that in Shivre, Niphad a cage each was laid at Karanji and Ramaswadi. Last month, a leopard injured a sheep belonging to a farmer. Bajirao Brahmane, it had also attacked and had also torn apart some stray dogs.A local Darade family said that they had spotted the leopard drinking water. Acting on this information, the forest department had laid the trap following their intimation to capture the animal.Navale agreed that there are more leopards in the area since there are many sugarcane fields. He assured that more traps would be laid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13043663", "title": "BJP leader protests slow pace of development", "text": "RAJKOT: BJP leader Dhrupadba Jadeja and her supporters sat on a fast here on Monday to protest against the slow pace of work in her area by BJP-ruled Rajkot district panchayat. The agitation by Jadeja, 45, who has been thrice elected as member from Kalithad seat of Rajkot district panchayat, took party leaders by surprise.\"This is my third consecutive term as a member of Rajkot district panchayat. We are fed up with the slow pace of developmental work relating to construction of roads, houses, laying of pipelines for drinking water, etc, in our area. We have been making representations in this regard for a long time but there is no response to our genuine problems. We have been forced to go on a fast before the Rajkot district panchayat as nothing has been done to solve our problems,\" Jadeja said.She had issued an ultimatum to district development officer and district panchayat president in this regard 20 days ago, sources said. She had threatened that if work was not started in her area, she would go on a fast, they added.\"Despite the ultimatum, our demands have not been met. Therefore, sarpanchs of 30 villages, seven elected members of taluka panchayat and common people had taken part in this token fast held on Monday. Panchayat officials have assured us that the pending work will commence within the next eight days,\" Jadeja said.Rajkot district panchayat was considered a Congress bastion until it was captured by BJP in 2010 after 20 years.Two BJP councilors resign, withdraw after assurancesRajkot: Five days after two BJP councilors from ward number 23 of Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC), resigned from their posts complaining sluggish pace of developmental work in their wards, their resignations were rejected by city BJP unit with assurances that their demands will be met.\"Ward number 23 is comparatively larger. There are some civic issues which need to be addressed and we will ensure that they are resolved,\" city BJP chief Dhansukh Bhanderi said.On Monday, a group of representatives met Bhanderi and requested him not to accept resignation of the two councilors - Sanjay Dhava and Bharat Kubavat.\"Over the last one-and-a-half year, around Rs 15 crore have been spent on developmental works in ward number 23 but we need to spend more given the large area it covers,\" Bhanderi said.Dhava said that he had resigned to raise the voice of his wards' people. \"I have been given assurance that all demands will be met. I have given a list of demands to RMC commissioner and mayor Janak Kotak,\" he said.The councilors had complained that works pertaining to basic amenities like water, roads and drainage are not being undertaken in their areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13043490", "title": "Corporation fails to settle water-bill disputes, development plans thwarted", "text": "KOCHI: If the state government has its way, then Kochi corporation will be forced to forgo about Rs 90 crore, thwarting the city's development plans.As the civic body has not been able to reach a one-time settlement with Kerala Water Authority over non-payment of water charges, the government has decided to deduct the dues from budget allocations.The local self-government department (LSGD) of the state government has invoked an order which will help KWA recoup dues from non-road maintenance and general purpose (plan) funds allocated for the local body in the 2012-13 and 2013-14 budgets. The LSGD issued the order on February 27, 2012.Speaking on the issue, Town Planning Committee, Chairman, K J Sohan said:\"The move will upset many of the development plans devised for the fund-starved local body. The non-road maintenance funds are used for the upkeep and reconstruction of the buildings owned by the corporation, including hospitals and schools. We depend on plan funds to procure medicines and equipment for hospitals and other health related activities.\"The corporation was responsible for water supply in the city till 1990. In 1991 the supply lines and overhead tanks were handed over to KWA. By 2009, the corporation had run up an arrears amounting to Rs 90 crore.Following the dispute over settling the arrears, the local body was given an opportunity to begin a fresh account with KWA from January, 2009, under which the local body had to pay Rs 25.96 lakh per month as water charges. The arrear amount has not been paid till date forcing the LSGD to issue the order in favour of KWA to deduct the amount from non-road maintenance and general purpose funds.The corporation, meanwhile, wants a deduction for setting up the basic water supply infrastructure for KWA.\"We want the government to take into account the huge investments we made to set up the basic infrastructure required for water supply. While settling the arrears the corporation should get deductions,\" he demanded.The LSGD order also states that the pending water charges of local self-government institutions to KWA after 2009 is to be paid with unutilized funds every fiscal.They also directed the local bodies to settle these dues before March 20, 2012. Since 2009, the corporation has paid about Rs 1.64 crore from the Rs 4.5 crore they owed to KWA from non-road maintenance or plan funds.The corporation is also planning to bring down the number of public water taps in the city, after providing domestic connections to those households which depend on these taps as part of the efforts to save money spend as water charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042332", "title": "Online All India Engineering Entrance Exam rolls out smoothly in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The biggest engineering entrance exam in the country rolled out its online version smoothly on Monday in the city. Nagpur is an online-only centre for the All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) where it will be held on multiple days for students' convenience.Across the country 1.64 lakh students had registered for the online exam, while another 10 lakh had registered for the offline test held on April 29.Ashish Lawrence, coordinator of T&P; at St Vincent Palloti College of Engineering, said, \"The exams at our centre went off smoothly without any technical glitches as everything was well planned. Even students did not find the paper too tough and seemed very comfortable giving the test online.\"Shriya Sangtani, a candidate, said, \"The online version had all the flexibility that the offline test offers. On top of the screen there was a tab where we could go directly to physics, chemistry or mathematics section and start answering the questions. If we are not sure about the answer then we can review it later and the computer will remind us about it. All answers have different colour codes depending upon whether we have completed it, missed it or kept it for review. This helps in organizing ourselves better.\"Coaching classes too did not get any report of problems with the questions in the online test. Abhishek Bansal, who manages a coaching centre, said, \"The feedback I got from my students was that there were no problems at all with the questions that came up in the online version. I am not sure if that is the case everywhere, but if something major had happened then we would have been aware I guess.\"The major concern really was the technological set for the exam, however with the number of enrolments being low there really was never any pressure on the infrastructure. Navneet Singh Tuli, who heads Guru Nanak Group of Institutions, said, \"At our centre today 160 students appeared and there was no technical glitch. We had the infrastructure ready and the technical inputs were provided by experts from Tata Consultancy Services.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13044484", "title": "Ludhianvis take fitness tips from expert", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhianvis got an opportunity to enrich themselves with unique diet plans and strategies to maintain a healthy and fit body, and shared their problems with renowned dietitian Namita Jain.''The session was very useful as I got some good tips for my family's health management. Since I am a working woman, it's difficult for me to follow a strict diet plan, but the tips given by Namita can be easily incorporated in everyday routine without having to inconvenience oneself,'' said Shelly Gupta, 44, of Pakhowal Road.Navpreet Kaur Matharoo, 18, a college student and resident of Janta Nagar, said, ''It was an educative session.\"''I am a big fitness freak and this was a wonderful opportunity to grab some great health tips. I will surely incorporate these tips in my everyday life,'' said 28-year-old Sachin Atray.Rajni Gupta of Chandigarh Road said, ''The interaction was educative. She told us that a person should have at least 6 to 8 small meals a day to stay healthy.'' Namita said, ''The first and the foremost thing to be kept in one's mind is to believe in yourself. Only if you believe in yourself, you will be able to accomplish your aim.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042520", "title": "There\u2019s no law to stop a 21-year-old from changing sex, says high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday allowed a 21-year-old student from Guwahati to undergo a sex reassignment surgery, saying there is no law that prevents an adult from doing so.A division bench of Justices S J Vazifdar and A R Joshi was hearing the case of Bidhan Baruah, who says he feels he is a woman trapped in a man's body. Bidhan, who prefers being called Swati, approached the high court last month after, he alleged, his parents objected to a scheduled sex change operation on April 17 at Saifee Hospital.The judges on Monday asked if any law stands in the way of Bidhan's surgery. In reply, both the Centre's advocate, Advait Sethna, and the state's advocate, Madhubale Kajle, told the court that there is not, and added that they were not opposed to Bidhan's operation.Bidhan's advocate Ejaz Naqvi submitted that, in the United Kingdom , an appellate authority issues certificates for change of gender, but India has no such law.\"He is 21. He is a major. There is no prohibition in law. He should not be hindered,\" said Justice Vazifdar. \"If he wants to go ahead he should not be stopped.\" The judges said they intended to appoint an amicus curie (friend of court) to assist the court, but, with the authorities presenting no opposition, it was no longer required.The only issue that remained to be addressed, the judges said, is of Bidhan's safety since he fears reprisals from his father. Kajle said Bidhan had written to the Colaba police on April 17, seeking police protection. \"But there is no threat from his father. He is looking for cheap publicity,\" maintained Kajle.Still, the judges allowed Bidhan to apply afresh to Colaba police station for police protection and asked him to send a copy of the request to the police commissioner. The police authorities, they added, should consider Bidhan's application in accordance with law and \"take all necessary steps with regard to the petitioner's personal safety\". The judges did not, however, dispose of the case.\"The next time he wants any relief, the correct place to come to is the court of law,\" said Justice Vazifdar, referring to Bidhan's earlier threat to commit suicide if the case was not heard urgently by the high court. As he came out of the court, Bidhan said he was \"very happy\" at the judges' decision. \"I have won the case not for me but for many like me who are silent and who face social threats.\"Bidhan said his family have reacted badly to the court's order. \"They'll kill me. I have to apply to the police for protection.\" He also said that he will speak to his doctor for scheduling the surgery date. Bidhan wants to marry an Indian Air Force officer. \"He is my true partner,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13044015", "title": "Motorists take shortcut to death", "text": "NOIDA: A midnight crash which left one dead and another critically injured on the streets of Noida once again brought to the fore that with around 80% of motorists in Noida found to be driving on the wrong side are literally taking a shortcut to death. In April alone, the Noida traffic police have fined 723 persons for the violation during their ongoing road safety drive.The accident occurred at the Morna crossing of Noida, which intersects Sectors 32, 35, 39 and 50. One of the busiest crossroads of the city, it has also been tagged as one of the deadliest black spots by the city's traffic police.A Santro car was travelling at great speed coming from the Greater Noida side from the wrong side, police said. There was a collision between the car and a trailer laden with six tractors when both speeding vehicles also tried to jump the traffic signal. While one occupant of the car died in the crash, the other was taken to a city hospital, police said.Saifuddin Beg, senior traffic inspector Noida, said that in April alone they fined 6,515 people for offences like driving on the wrong side (723 challans), driving without seatbelt/helmet, jumping traffic signals (468), speeding, etc. The total number of challans issued for driving on the wrong side last year added up to 4,269. Between January to April this year, 2,224 people who were fined for breaking this traffic rule. The police officer also informed that last year recorded nearly 530 commuters jumping traffic signals every month.\"Be it bicycles, rickshaws, autos, cars or trucks, all cut through intersections trying to get to the other side from the wrong side, all for saving fuel worth just a few Rupees. This not just endangers their own lives, but of scores of others,\" Beg said.Beg said that the main reason for motorists to drive on the wrong side is because there are no gaps in many road dividers. \"Moreover, many rickshaw-pullers and cyclists do not understand the concept of the U-turns dotting the city. Most accidents occur in such a situation,\" Beg said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043595", "title": "India, Bangladesh discuss extradition treaty", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Bangladesh on Monday again discussed the much awaited extradition treaty with the joint consultative commission meeting noting that the legal framework for bilateral security cooperation would be completed with the signing of the pact. Taking up the issue of insurgent groups operating out of Bangladesh, foreign minister SM Krishna said in the meeting that the extradition treaty will help India deal with insurgents like Anup Chetia, general secretary of the banned United Liberation Front of Assam.Chetia has been in a Dhaka jail since his arrest in 1997. Krishna and his counterpart Dipu Moni agreed that both sides would expedite efforts to conclude the Treaty at the earliest. \"They also reiterated their commitment that the territory of either side would not be allowed for activities inimical to the other and resolved not to allow their respective territory to be used for training, sanctuary and other operations by domestic or foreign terrorist/militant and insurgent organizations and their operatives. They also rejected extremism, violence and terrorism and agreed to cooperate proactively in combating these evils,'' said the joint statement after the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13045220", "title": "Service lane in Cantonment area to be ready by May 31", "text": "KANPUR: If everything goes well, the service lane running underneath Shiv Narayan Tandon Setu situated in Cantt area would be constructed by May 31.Once the service lane gets constructed, it would become easy for the people to commute, especially those who want to reach Rail Bazaar. At present, the commuters face difficulty in reaching the destination either towards Cantt or Rail Bazaar.On Sunday, Union coal minister Shri Prakash Jaiswal inspected the service lane and met the officials of Cantt Board and Setu Nigam to make sure that the service lane gets constructed by May 31. The minister saw the service lane in a dilapidated condition. It has to be constructed by Setu Nigam. It was not constructed when the rail overbridge was made.Jaiswal asked the officials of Cantt Board to ensure that the damaged manholes be made at the earliest after which the service road would be made. The officials assured the minister that the manholes falling on the service road would be made soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13045212", "title": "World Thalassemia Day: Donate blood to save kids, urge doctors", "text": "KANPUR: The kids suffering from thalassemia (a genetically inherited blood disorder) will soon be a part of Thalassemia Society developed by the doctors of Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital. The doctors urged the people to donate blood which can be given to thalassemia patients coming to the hospital.\"There are 14 regular patients of the disease coming to LLR every month for blood transfusion. As per law, the blood banks do not ask for exchange of blood in such cases. Patient of thalassemia are given free blood without even exchanging it,\" Dr Yashwant Rao, a paediatrician at LLR, said.\"In order to increase the convenience of patients and their attendants, the doctors of LLR, in collaboration with the blood bank of Ganesh Sanker Vidyarthi Medical College, decided to develop a Thalassemia Society which will provide help to all the patients. The parents of thalassemia patients and NGOs working for it will also be part of it. The proposal is in pipeline which will soon be enforced at LLR,\" Dr Rao added.The blood at the district hospital and blood bank is enough to meet the demand at present as the number of patients is quite low. But measures should be taken to increase the blood stock as this number may increase in future.WHO had declared May 8 as the International Thalassemia Day to raise awareness for prevention of thalassemia. This day is dedicated to highlight the importance of clinical care for such patients, who continue to struggle for survival, many of whom have limited access to health-care.Thalassemia is an inherited autosomal recessive blood disease. The genetic defect results in reduced rate of synthesis of one of the globin chains that form haemoglobin. Reduced synthesis of one of the globin chains can cause the formation of abnormal haemoglobin molecules, thus causing anaemia, the characteristic presenting symptom of thalassemia.Dr RP Singh , head paediatrics department, LLR Hospital, said, \"Most of the children coming to LLR for blood transfusion are strong enough. They are mentally prepared to lead a normal life. What is even more encouraging is the fact that we witnessed many of the parents donating blood whose kid was suffering from thalassemia.\"According to WHO, thalassemia is most common genetic disorder in the world affecting around 250 million people (4.5 per cent population). The report also indicates that in India, around 3.9 per cent or four crore people are carriers and nearly 10,000 thalassemia patients are born annually in the country.Talking about the cure of the disease, the expert informed that thalassemia can be fully cured with no more need of blood transfusions by bone marrow transplantation (BMT) from compatible donor. But it being an expensive process, common man do not usually go for it. In low risk young patients, the thalassemia free survival rate is 87 per cent while the mortality risk is 13 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13042879", "title": "Educators for more work and less play", "text": "INDORE: Despite the city surpassing the national average in the working days of primary schools by three days, educationalists here feel that more academic days will help students learn in a better manner and longer vacations will loosen their enthusiasm as well as grip on the study.According to the data compiled by the District Information System for Education (DISE), primary schools work for an additional three days in Indore against the national average of 222 days even as the secondary schools are on par with the national average of 225 in an academic year. However, educationists believe that more instructional days will help students learn better.\"In Indore, the norms say that the schools should have 225 working days on an average for both the primary and secondary levels in urban and rural areas,\" says Rajni Jadon, district education officer.Sunila Bajaj of Delhi Public School (DPS), Indore, says, \"The average number of working days as per the CBSE norm is around 200 and it is sufficient for the teachers and students to cover the syllabus. Long summer breaks make it difficult for the students to cope with and they have to put in extra efforts when the next academic year starts.\" Small breaks in between would be feasible instead of long vacations, she feels.Neha Anand, a psychologist agrees, \"It's always better to have more days in schools. For the kind of syllabus we have in schools, it requires more days to learn and more guidance from teachers. It gets boring for kids to sit at home for long and they start losing their grip on studies. Small intermittent breaks are much better as they play as a balance between studies and extra curricular activities.\"\"The norms suggest that the number of working days should be between 220 and 230 days. There is sufficient time to finish the syllabus and also the kids get enough time for the extra activities they wish to do. This time is an ideal for a child's mental development and enough for a good learning process,\" says S B Singh, department of education.\"Schools should add more working days every year in order to improve the learning process or put up extra academic classes for students who are weak or for in depth studies, this also provides time for extra curricular activities,\" says M S Radhakrishnan, a mathematics teacher at Satya Sai School.Academic days in Indian schools vary from region to region but on an average, it comes at 236 days. Similarly, the average number of working days in the country in the primary schools is 222. At the upper primary level, the days go up to 225 in urban areas and 223 in rural areas. In the US, the set norm is 180 days.Experts say more instructional days will help students learn better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13043835", "title": "BMC seeks plan for Unit-I market renovation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The much-awaited modernization work of the Unit-I daily market here seems to be on the fast track now with the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) floating an expression of interest on Monday, asking architects to draw up a plan for it.\"The renovation of the market would see good progress now. We will pick up the best architect for the plan and design of the market,\" said BMC mayor A N Jena.The 54-year-old market is the largest vegetable market in city, attracting over 5,000 customers daily. While the number of buyers have increased manifold, the area of the haat has remained the same, making it too congested. Apart from parking, general hygiene and fire fighting facilities of the market also need improvement. The new plan will take care of all these, Jena said.BMC plans to build around 1,500 shops in the proposed complex on around 3 acre land. Jena said the ground floor will have a mega parking space with a capacity to accommodate 2,000 two-wheelers and 1,000 cars. Once the complex is built, the parking problem between Rajmahal Square and AG Square will be solved permanently, he said. In the absence of a proper parking space, buyers park their vehicles right on the road.The mayor said vegetable vendors will occupy the first floor while traders dealing in electronic goods, utensils and other items will be accommodated on the upper floors. Swanky food courts, elevators/escalators, recreational facilities and modern toilets would be built in the shopping complex, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13044115", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority to upgrade power system at Basai water plant", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA has now drawn up a plan to bolster the power apparatus at Basai water treatment plant where operations were affected due to frequent electricity failures and voltage fluctuations.The plant had been caught in a string of controversies due to operational irregularities that came forth after inspections by senior HUDA officials including the administrator, Praveen Kumar .The decision to upgrade the power system was taken on Monday after Kumar gave instructions to repair the power cables. \"The plant will have a DG set and a new cable wiring system to ensure that there is no power failure in the near future,\" said Kumar.The capacity of the treatment plant is 60 million litres per day (MLD) and officials claimed that they are supplying 43MLD to the city which includes old Gurgaon, HUDA sectors and a few privately developed colonies. The administrator also directed the power department to change the main connection to different lines. There are five motors and all of them are connected to a 66kV substation at Sector 10 A. \"After today's meeting, it has been decided that three motors will remain connected to the 66kV substation while the other two will be connected to the Dharuhera lines,\" said an official.In the past, it has come to light that power failures severely affected the water treatment facility at the plant. \"During power cuts, the water in main lines used to flow in the reverse direction and it used to take more than an hour to set it right.The installation of a DG set will sort out this problem,\" said the HUDA official. \"All the motors at the plants will be fitted with special switches which will turn on the DG set immediately,\" added the HUDA official. Apart from power upgradation, HUDA has also decided to beautify the plant. Over 2,000 saplings will be planted inside the plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043214", "title": "Traffic situation near Hinjewadi improves", "text": "PUNE: Commuters travelling to Hinjewadi, mainly professionals working in the Rajiv Gandhi infotech park, were in for a pleasant surprise on Monday morning, with the traffic department streamlining vehicle movement between Wakad bridge and Shivaji chowk.Measures like making the bridge one-way for traffic moving towards the IT park during the peak morning hours and creating an extra lane on the adjacent road by putting up barricades between Wakad bridge and Shivaji chowk, have eased traffic congestion to a large extent in the area.A similar arrangement has been made for vehicles coming from the opposite direction during the evening peak hours.Commuters have been facing a harrowing time crossing the 2.5 km stretch between the Wakad bridge and Shivaji chowk, especially during the morning and evening peak hours.Moreover, heavy goods and transport vehicles make the situation worse. Indiscipline driving is the order of the day here, while other roads leading to Hinjewadi chowk are ridden with potholes, especially during monsoon.Roads from Shivaji chowk, which lead to phase-I and phase-II of the IT park, are in bad shape. The roads here have been badly damaged due to the movement of heavy vehicles.Though the roads were repaired recently, major cracks have surfaced at several places making travelling on them hazardous.During the last one month, the traffic police have been allowing motorists to use a lane of the adjacent road during peak hours, but in the absence of proper demarcation, the traffic situation used to become chaotic. With the placing of the new plastic barricades, traffic situation is much better now than earlier.The Hinjewadi industries association has provided around 150 barricades for the purpose.Vishwas Pandhare, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said, \"Ten traffic wardens have been posted on the stretch to assist commuters. The median below the flyover has been removed and access has been given to service roads. Motorists going towards Mumbai from Aundh, Wakad and Pimple Saudagar areas, can now take the underpass and take a right turn on the bypass, instead of taking the bridge. This facility is being made available between 8.30 am and 10.30 am, when the traffic flow is maximum.\"Vikram Goel, a BPO employee, said, \"Providing an additional lane is not enough. The road surface needs to be improved to save travel time. Compared to earlier, I could save at least 10 minutes today. But good roads will save more time.\"Rajaram Nale, assistant police inspector (traffic), said, \"The service roads along the main road are in bad shape. We want the MIDC to maintain the service roads which can be used during rush hours. The buses hired by IT companies are parked at Shivaji chowk during the day. The buses should not be parked here.\" The traffic movement was mainly smooth on Monday, he added.Anushka Joshi, a senior consultant with an IT firm, said, \"I was delighted to see the traffic police personnel and the wardens assisting the movement of traffic. I hope they do it on a regular basis. If the proposed roads from Kothrud and Chandni chowk are constructed, the situation will ease further.\"Aniruddha Lahoti, who works with a biotech company, said, \"Earlier, I used t take my bike to work, but because of heavy pollution due to increased traffic congestion, I started commuting in my car. I had to leave earlier because travelling by car took more time. The opening of an extra lane is a good idea and should be maintained till the roads are widened.\"Gaurav Kumar Sahay, a software developer, said, \"The current arrangement is a temporary one. The IT companies and their employees are paying taxes and we have the right to ask for better infrastructure. The pending work of road widening and repairs should be done on priority.\"Meanwhile, the MIDC has proposed construction of two roads, one from Chandni chowk and another from Pimpri-Chinchwad. Once these two roads are ready, a significant population of IT professionals will no longer have to travel through the Wakad bridge. The roads will also have a direct access to phase II and phase III of the IT park. Following an online petition by some IT professionals in October 2011, the MIDC officials held several meetings and most of the procedures have been completed. Construction work on the roads is expected to begin after monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043133", "title": "Pavements on Shivaji Road still not cleared of encroachments", "text": "PUNE: The deadline for clearing footpaths in the city of obstructions ends in 48 hours, but Pune Municipal Corporation's efforts to clear encroachments and save them for walkers show no signs of much work being done.The footpaths on Shivaji Road are far from walkable as already reported by TOI on April 19. The pavements along the road then were dotted by a multitude of vendors and encroachments like parked vehicles on pavements. On Monday, a few weeks later, nothing much had improved.Cars, two-wheelers and even handcarts are lined up on the footpath.On this arterial road, police vehicles outside Khadak police station are parked on pavements, compelling walkers to get off the sidewalk. Two-wheelers are also standing on pavements outside the police station's entrance.Babasaheb Kamle, a father of two, said, \"Shivaji Road is one of the busiest in the city. I am out with my children to shop but it is very risky to walk with them here because there is no walking area for us. At least police vehicles on the footpath should be moved.\"Head constable S D Thorat of Khadak police station said, \"The civic body has reserved a small stretch of the footpath to park vehicles. The civic body has allotted this space due to constraints on our premises.\"Construction debris is strewn at different spots along the footpaths. Water conduits are strewn near the sub-registrar's office and other parts of the road have no footpaths, compounding the problems of pedestrians and forcing them to walk on the busy road.Several shops have used the footpaths to display their products. This malaise is found all along Shivaji Road. A shopowner said, \"We have kept our products on the footpath. But we will remove them as soon as possible.\"Pedestrians find it difficult to walk on the pavements because they have to get off and take the road at regular intervals. If there are no wares obstructing the passage for walkers, public urinals block them. Most people prefer to walk on the road because it is cumbersome to clear a hurdle at every step. Electrician Vikas Jadhav said, \"We all want to walk on the pavements and not on the road. But there are several impediments. Some stretches do not even have footpaths. It is impossible to walk where there are footpaths. We have to hop on and off every few steps.\"Assistant municipal commissioner Arun Khilare said the issue will be taken up in their monthly meeting.Apart from parked vehicles on pavements, roadside vendors are spread all over the footpaths. Khilare, also the ward officer for Vishrambaugwada, said some action had been taken. \"We have removed scores of patharis (vendors), handcarts and stalls in the last month. Vendors were back after a couple of days, since they have been conducting business at the same spot for several years. We are looking at shifting them elsewhere but these decisions take time. We will go on a clean-up drive regularly to remove the vendors till they start taking us seriously,\" he said.Khilare said that they removed 30 vendors and two stalls, and 103 other obstructions such as tables, chairs and utensils, from the footpaths in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13041307", "title": "Margao Municipal Council in a spot over financial bids for Sonsoddo capping", "text": "MARGAO: The proposed scientific capping exercise of the Sonsoddo garbage dump is turning out to be a thorn in the flesh of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC).Even before the MMC could come clean and allay concerns raised from certain quarters over the efficacy of the exercise, the civic body now finds itself in a spot over the issue of financial bids received from its panel of consultants. While only one consultant, Cochin-based K R Gopalkrishnan, had submitted its bid by May 4, the last day for the purpose, on Monday, the MMC received a financial bid submitted by its other consultant, Gurgaon-based J M Environet (P) Ltd.While Gopalkrishan had quoted an amount of Rs 7.71 lakh as consultancy fees for the project, the MMC is yet to open the tender submitted by J M Environet (P) Ltd, as it arrived by courier well after the time had lapsed. Preferring to play it safe to avoid any further controversy over the already vexed issue, the chief officer of the MMC has decided to place the matter in the chief minister's court.\"Though we are not responsible for the delay caused by the courier service, we will leave it to the high power committee headed by the chief minister to take a call,\" chief officer of the MMC J B Bhingui said.The trouble for the MMC is compounded considering the fact that the high court of Bombay at Goa that is monitoring the Sonsoddo project had, in February 2012, given the MMC an extension till May 31 to clear the accumulated waste at the Sonsoddo garbage dump. It had further held that any further extension sought by MMC would be accompanied by penal costs and action under the Contempt of Courts Act, 1971. The MMC had intended to move the court for an extension of time once the tenders were issued for the capping exercise. With the monsoon fast-approaching, the MMC can ill afford to brook any delay.A controversy has also surfaced over the shifting of some 5,000 cu m of mud dug out while leveling the land, over which the solid waste management plant will be set up, to Mormugao. Questions have been raised over the propriety of the MMC in allowing the concessionaire to shift the mud elsewhere when the mud could have been used for filling up low-lying areas within the city.\"There are many places where this mud could have been used to fill low-lying lands to be used for parking places, instead of transporting it to another city. It appears that the Sonsoddo project is like a rudderless ship with the council seemingly ignorant about the goings on at the project site,\" former chairperson of the MMC Savio Coutinho sarcastically remarked.Asked to comment over the issue, Bhingui dismissed the argument as baseless. \"The concessionaire had asked permission from us to shift the huge quantity of mud lying at the site, as there was every possibility of it caving in. I discussed the matter with the monitoring committee of Sonsoddo and, in the best interests of the city, granted it permission. The concessionaire has also undertaken to procure the mud from the contractor, if and when it is needed for the project at Sonsoddo,\" Bhingui told TOI.Sources said that the concessionaire of the project has sought permission to shift another 5,000 cu m of mud from the site. A meeting of the monitoring committee of Sonsoddo will now be held on Tuesday to discuss the matter, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13042990", "title": "Jail officials find 'sulphas' powder in ex-CMO's socks", "text": "LUCKNOW: Panic gripped district jail premises on Monday evening when jail staff detected a sachet of a powder substance said to be sulphas in the socks of former chief medical officer Dr AK Shukla. After being remanded in judicial custody, the CBI sleuths escorted Dr Shukla to the district jail where they handed him over to the jail staff at the first gate. It was during this checking that jail staff found a sachet hidden in one of his socks. It was a company-packed sachet, confirmed jail superintendent Daddhiram. Earlier, DIG Jails Sharad Kulshrestha said that as per the statement of Dr Shukla it was sulphas powder. The powder had been sent for examination. tnnAs of now, the statement of Dr Shukla had been recorded and the sachet had been sent for further test.Recovery of sachet has thus raised a question as to how Dr Shukla was able to hide a sachet in the socks even when throughout the day and Sunday night he was in the strict vigil of CBI sleuths, who had called him for quizzing at around 11.00 p.m.Jail officials however, refused to comment as to why Dr Shukla had brought the sachet hidden in his socks. Later, Dr Shukla was shifted to a high security quero 2 barrack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13042402", "title": "Army says 74 officers found guilty in illegal sale of weapons", "text": "JAISALMER: An Army court of inquiry has found 74 officers and one JCO guilty in the illegal sale of arms case in Sriganganagar between 2002 and 2004.So far, the Army has taken disciplinary action against 33 officers. Similar punitive action has been initiated against the remaining officers, said defence spokesman Col SD Goswami.Besides, the Standard Operating Procedure on disposal of non-service pattern weapons has been revised to avoid recurrence of such incidents, said Goswami.Earlier, the defence ministry had informed the Supreme Court that it had reopened cases against senior officers, who were let off lightly despite being blamed by a court of inquiry for illegal sale of weapons in the border districts.In a PIL, advocate Arvind Kumar Sharma had expressed concern about the prohibited bore weapons reaching terrorists as the firearms were sold illegally without any buyer verification.As per the defence ministry's disclosure before the Parliament on Monday, \"It has been instructed that subsequent allegations regarding alleged involvement of senior officers in the illegal sale of weapons, which were not covered by the earlier Court of Inquiry, may be investigated.\" The ministry had asked the Army to review the matter on a time-bound basis, considering all aspects of the case.\"The army headquarters was also asked to review the procedures followed in the Army for permitting officers to import arms and ammunition while posted in Bhutan and for issue of NSP weapons from the ordnance depots to Army officers for personal use,\" the ministry said.Last year, the Army's status report admitted that 72 officers, including a serving Colonel and three Lt Colonels, posted in sensitive border districts and in Indian Army Training Team at Bhutan were found involved in an illegal arms racket.It was submitted that an inquiry for 2002-06 by the district collector of Sriganganagar revealed sale of prohibited weapons obtained by the Army personnel through Central Ordnance Depot, Jabalpur.The ministry said that on the report of the Court of Inquiry on Sep 25, 2008, the GOC-in-C of South Western Command has initiated suitable disciplinary action against the erring army personnel after it came to light they were involved in the shady deals but were not dealt with adequately by their superior officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13045550", "title": "Loco pilots allege third rate treatment at running room", "text": "TRICHY: Less than a month after the Tiruchirappalli division of the Southern Railway inaugurated with much fanfare a renovated 80-bed running room for 100-odd loco pilots passing through the city, a number of loco pilots on Monday revolted against the worsening condition of the rest rooms that according to them were unhygienic. They alleged that the bed sheets supplied to them were leftovers from a private hospital's laundry. \"Because, the contractor of the private hospital is the same man who has taken the contract for supplying bed sheets to the running room,\" said a 56-year-old loco pilot, V Palanisamy, who shuttles between Trichy and Salem.Ironically enough, the 80-bed running room that had been duly inspected by Southern Railways additional general manager Dr G Narayanan on April 14, was selected by the Railway Board as one of the five best running rooms among all the Indian railways. The food served at the running room was also expensive as compared to what other divisions charged, said the loco pilots. The division had then said the running room was provided with modern facilities in order to ensure that the crew took complete rest in a peaceful and healthy environment. An agitated loco pilot told TOI that it was just the opposite of what the division makes it out to be.The food served was another problem. For instance, a division charges Rs 30 for breakfast irrespective of what a loco pilot prefers to take among the assortment of items supplied including two idlis, a pongal and a tea. \"Even if you take only two idlis sans the pongal, you end up paying Rs 30,\" Palanisamy said. Moreover, loco pilots complained that unlike other divisions in the southern railway, Trichy division charged Rs 7 as against Rs 3 charged by other divisions. A loco pilot has to pay only 10 per cent of the price as per the rate card, and the rest 90 per cent is footed by the railways. What is the point of charging more from us, while giving substandard food, the loco pilots alleged. One of the more vocal loco pilots, Palanaisamy, who has only four years of service left told TOI that the contractor at times brought left over food from a private hospital to be served in the running room. \"Is this not despicable,\" he asked. Considering that we are also pilots on the ground, it must be noted that while sky pilots are accorded five-star treatment, we are constantly taken for a ride, he said. Palakkad division charges only Rs 3 for a breakfast, and it serves excellent varieties of breakfast including the much-favored Appam with coconut milk, the loco pilots said.Meanwhile, a spokesperson of the division confirmed to TOI that a complaint about the poor quality of food had been received, and senior divisional mechanical engineer G Chandrasekaran accompanied by other top officials visited the rest room to taste the lunch there himself. He later certified that the food was more than satisfactory. As for the complaints about the shabby bed rolls with, the spokesperson said a complaint to this effect had not been received through the proper channel. As for overcharging, the spokesperson said the rate of Rs 7 for breakfast had been fixed after consultations with loco pilots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044803", "title": "Ravi Rishi's helicopter firm\u2019s licence suspended", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) on Monday suspended the licence of controversial businessman Ravi Rishi's Global Vectra Helicorp Ltd. This comes three days after the home ministry withdrew its security clearance - a mandatory requirement for operating an aviation company. Now the firm will have to immediately stop operations.Global Vectra came under a cloud after its promoter faced CBI heat following allegations of irregularities in the supply of Tatra trucks to the Army through his company. \"Ravi Rishi's individual security clearance and that of his firm were withdrawn by the home ministry. These are prerequisites for operating an aviation company. The non schedule operating permit (read licence) of global Vectra has been suspended with immediate effect. In this case there was no need to serve a show cause or anything else,\" said a senior DGCA official.With 23 helicopters in its fleet, Global Vectra was India's largest private chopper operator - second only to state-run Pawan Hans that has about 50 choppers. Apart from chartering choppers, it was engaged in offshore operation to Bombay High; ferry flights to Vaishno Devi shrine from Katra base in Jammu and in Arunachal Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13044168", "title": "Your barber\u2019s visit might be for a recce", "text": "PANCHKULA: You need to be very careful when you call someone home to run your errands, as it may turn out to be a part of the recce. This modus operandi was revealed by Panchkula police about the three youths who were about to strike at an old couple's house recently. One of the miscreants had gone as a hair dresser to do the recce of the house.Three hardcore criminals possessing country-made weapons were planning to strike at a house in Sector 11, Panchkula. The accused were identified as Krishan Kumar and Shankar, residents of Bihar, and Santosh Kumar of Uttar Pradesh. All were in the age group of 20 to 23 years and were residing in Ashiana Flats allotted by the Haryana Urban Development Authority (Huda) a few months back.\"One of the miscreants, Krishan had already visited the house three times in the garb of a hair dresser and made the whole plan while trimming the owner's hair,\" said in charge of the crime investigating agency, inspector Karamvir Singh.\"These youths were already doing recce outside the house. They even followed the owner in order to study his daily schedule. Krishan also said in order to be thorough with his plan he went three times to the house,\" said another officer.A case was registered under sections 398 and 401 of the IPC and sections 25, 54 and 59 of the Arms Act at the Sector-5 police station. The police had recovered a country-made pistol and an iron rod from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13044064", "title": "Morning Delhi flights plea by CM", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Monday asked airline operators - GoAir, Jet Airways and Air India - to increase the number of flights from the state capital, especially during morning hours.The chief minister also asked the airline operators to introduce flights to places like Bangalore and Pune, where large number of students from Jharkhand take admission every year for professional studies. \"I have asked the airline operators to resume morning flights from the city to New Delhi as most of the people are facing lots of problems. Since people have to travel to Delhi by the evening flights to attend morning meeting they have to spend a night in a hotel,\" said Munda, adding that he had requested the operators to introduce morning flights so that money is saved after a meeting with representatives of GoAir, Jet Airways and Air India at the state secretariat.The two airline operators GoAir and Air India recently suspended their morning flights from Ranchi to New Delhi. The CM also told the representatives of the airlines about the ongoing expansion programme of Birsa Munda Airport and an international airport at Deoghar. \"I have asked them to tell me about any problem they face in terms of flight operations, including infrastructure,\" said Munda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13048103", "title": "Pandit Shivkumar Sharma 's live concert", "text": "Relishing on the musical mood were aficionados at the live concert of santoor maestro Pandit Shivkumar Sharma at Vasantrao Deshpande Hall.The show started almost an hour late, but for most of the people present, it was a chance to catch up with friends. Having a gala time was Dr Sudhir Bhave, who said, \"My work schedule doesn't allow me to attend many concerts. But, I'm really happy that I could make it here today as I've always been an admirer of Panditji.\" We were touched by the love of siblings, when we spotted Sameer Arbat waiting for his sister Ketki patiently, for whom he had bought an extra ticket. It was only after she came, the siblings rushed inside the hall. Casting a spell on the music lovers was Panditji with his amalgamation of melodious euphony as he moved his fingers on the strings. The santoor legend seemed to be in a jolly mood and made a humble request when he heard some kids crying: \"Chote chote raag chedne wale mere shrotaon se meri vinati hai, pehle mera sangeet sun lein, main unka sangeet baad me sun lunga!\" As his lilting music filled the hall with its divine aura, the magic of this melodious musician had almost everybody in its grip.Amar Ashok Jajoo", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13044989", "title": "His court-room battles have just begun", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Decks have been cleared for lengthy court-room battles that lie ahead for Narendra Modi , with the Supreme Court-mandated SIT on Monday handing over a copy of its final report to the complainant Zakia Jafri , exonerating the Gujarat chief minister of the charge of complicity in the 2002 riots .Widow of former Congress MP Ehsan Jafri , Zakia spent the last decade trying to get the legal process moving in courts . Zakia has not accepted the SIT's conclusions and the convener of Citizens for Justice and Peace (CJP) Teesta Setalvad has said that they would be filing their objections against the closure report within two months .As amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran has rightly put in his report , \"The stage for believing or disbelieving a witness arises after trial i.e. once the entire evidence is placed before the court for its consideration\" .The role of Modi in the communal strife will actually be scrutinized by courts now . So far , he was just facing accusations and , that too, not registered as complaints by police . Now, Modi can be prosecuted for creating enmity between two communities under sections 153 (A), (B), (C) and 505 of IPC.This matter may well dog him through the state assembly elections due in December 2012, as his adversaries always believed his legal problems alone would cause his downfall . In hindsight , Modi's tweet on September 12, 2011, that 'God is great' , when the SIT gave him a clean chit, seems a trifle premature considering that the real legal battle has only just begun .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13043033", "title": "Dates for AIMA biennial elections announced", "text": "NASHIK: The Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) has announced its biennial elections for the post of AIMA president and the executive committee on May 29. Accordingly, the procedure for elections to the executive committee of the AIMA has been started.The term of sitting AIMA president Dnyaneshwar Gopale and other 23 office-bearers of the executive committee is ending on May 31. Accordingly, the industrial association has announced its election programme.Senior AIMA member and its past president B P Sonar has been appointed as the returning officer to carry out the procedure of the biennial elections, to be held for the period from June 2012 to May 2014. Other senior AIMA members Raja Jolly and M G Chandrashekhar have been appointed as the election committee members.The elections are to be held for the 24-member executive committee, which includes one president, one vice-president, one honorary general secretary, two honorary secretaries, one honorary treasurer and 18 members. The electoral rolls will be published on May 13 and May 15 will be the last date for corrections to the list of voters. The final list of voters will be released on May 17. The distribution of application forms and filing of nominations will begin from May 17, while the last date for nomination papers will be May 20. The nomination papers of the candidates will be scrutinised on May 20 and the list of the valid candidates will be announced on May 23. The last date for withdrawal of nominations will be May 24. The final list of the candidates in the fray will be announced on May 25.The voting will be conducted on May 29 from 9am to 5pm. The counting of votes will begin at 8am on May 30 and the names of the winners will be announced at the annual general meeting of the organization scheduled on May 31. The AIMA is an apex body of industrialists from the Ambad area of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) and has around 1,400 members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13044009", "title": "State not to slash petrol VAT: Hemant", "text": "BOKARO: Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren on Monday showed helplessness of the state government in reducing state taxes on petrol, if its price rises, to save residents from inflation as done by the Goa government.The Goa government has recently announced to slash its petrol price to ease the burden of the common man. They managed the reduction by reducing value-added tax (VAT) on petrol. The Goa government stood as an example for the residents across the country. The residents of Jharkhand are also expecting such step to be taken by the state government for their benefit.However, Soren said the state government is already suffering a revenue loss as taxes are not being collected appropriately due to flexibility in policies. They are working out to strengthen implementation of policies to boost up revenue collection. \"There is not much scope for the state to reduce petrol prices if it is being increased by the Centre. It is the Centre that can do much in this regard. It would not be viable to reduce tax in petrol as the state will have to suffer,\" said Soren.He said it is unfortunate that the state that boasts huge numbers of mines and dams is deprived of its benefit as it is being enjoyed by other states like Odisha, West Bengal, Bihar and others. \"The water in dams, raw materials from our mines are being used by others. We are losing utilization of our own resources,\" he said.Soren, who also handle the mines portfolio, said he is working to generate revenue from small coal mines that is lying unexploited in the state. Allotting big coal blocks is not a problem as big companies are always interested in getting it but such response is not received for allotment of smaller ones. The big companies never show interest over getting small coal mines as they find worthless in spending heavy sum on installing equipment to excavate very limited raw material from it.Soren said while doing homework in this regard, he found that there are 350 small industries and units of whose production is hampering due to scarcity of raw material. He found that if raw material from these small coal mines be supplied regularly to these industries, it would solve their raw material crisis and generate revenue for the state. Besides, it will also help curb illegal coal trade, and smooth functioning of the small industries would provide employment to many youths. \"We are seriously working on it and soon the government will begin supplying of raw material to industries from these small coal mines,\" he said.Meanwhile, Soren appeared before the court of first class judicial magistrate Garima Mishra in connection with a case (GR 477/01) of assaulting a resident in which he was acquitted. Later he visited Sarana Sthal, a religious place for tribal near City Centre, to offer prayer to deity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "doug marshall vs zelg galesic", "code": "13044914", "title": "Actions @ Super Fight League 3", "text": "Doug Marshall vs Zelg Galesic: The first bout of the day between Croatia's Zelg Galesic and American Doug Marshall ended in a flat 34 seconds when Galesic unleashed a series of blows that had Marshall The Rhino on the floor.Gurdarshan Mangat vs Liu Si Cong: Canadian-Indian Gurdarshan Mangat, who decided to become a MMA fighter on a whim, took little time to get going and quickly had his opponent Liu Si Cong on the ground. Cong, who's aiming to be the first breakout MMA star out of China, couldn't deal with the strategy that 'Saint-Lion' Mangat had for him and tapped into submission in the second round.Lakhwinder Sekhon vs Vladimir Byandov: Sekhon persevered for a win against Vladimir Byandov. Sekhon, who's nicknamed the Lightning, delivered a flurry of hits to Byandov's face, who was probably the better fighter of the two but withdrew after two rounds.Baga Agaev vs Trevor Prangley: Bout 4 between Trevor Prangley and Baga Agaev was the bloodiest but Prangley lasted the till the third round where he won by technical knock out (TKO). Prangley took down Agaev and punched him.Kultar Singh Gill vs Quinton Arendse: Kultar Singh Gill, carrying a sword and wearing a black silk sarong made an eye-catching entrance. Gill, who has been the most popular Indian representative for MMA for over a decade, made a comeback to active MMA fighting especially for the SFL. And the Black Mamba stung South African Quinton Arendse hard. He knocked out Arendse in 51 seconds with punches so quick that his hands were difficult to follow.Anup Kumar vs Chatmongkhon Simma: Anup 'Gujjar Tank' Kumar, who won Chandigarh as well, defeated Thailand's Chatmongkhon within the first round with a TKO and that made it 4 out 4 for SFL and India on Sunday night.Lena Ovchynnikova vs Joanne Calderwood: The fight, on which most men - young and old - had their heart set on watching. Calderwood, who's a kickboxing champion, is an inexperienced fighter as compared with Ovchynnikova but the Scot had the Ukranian in a tight cinch all through the fifteen minutes and was declared the winner by decision (30 points to Ovchynnikov's 26).James Thompson vs Bobby Lashley: James 'Colossus' Thompson and Bobby 'The Dominator' Lashley sparred for the full three rounds. Lashley, a popular name from WWE, had the crowd's support and it chanted his name whenever he was down. With extra recovery time for Lashley due to foul hits by Thomspon, the fight was longer than 15 minutes but Thompson finally outlasted his American counterpart and was declared the winner by decision (29/28).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041127", "title": "Builder\u2019s wife killed for Rs 1.5 crore jewellery", "text": "MUMBAI: A well-known real estate developer's wife, Chetna Ajmera (51), was found dead with her throat slit at the couple's home on the first floor of Vaishali Apartments in Ghatkopar (E), on Monday. Diamond jewellery worth Rs 1.5 crore was found missing from a cupboard in the flat.The crime is said to have taken place between 2pm and 8.15pm, when the victim was alone at home.\"A kitchen knife was used to slit the victim's throat,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone VII) Sanjay Shintre. \"Repair work on a sliding window was going on in the flat. We suspect the workers might have committed the murder.\"The crime was discovered around 8.15pm, when the victim's husband, Jayant Ajmera, a director in the Ajmera Group, returned home. When there was no response to his knocks, he opened the door with a key. \"On seeing his wife lying in a pool of blood, Ajmera immediately called on my mobile,\" building secretary Ashok Bhanusali told TOI. \"I rushed downstairs and saw the body in the hall. I immediately called the police.\"Bhanusali said wardrobes in the bedroom were found broken. \"People residing in the building learned about the incident when the police reached the spot. I have learned that till 6.30pm, some work was going on at Ajmera's flat. Later, the workers left the house. No one from the building knows when the incident (the crime) occurred since no one heard any sound from the flat.\"Ajmera is the youngest son of Ishwarlal Ajmera, the eldest of the Ajmera brothers. Jayant Ajmera and his wife, with their two daughters, were living at Vaishali Apartments for over 15 years. \"One of the daughters is married while the other is in junior college. Both are at present in the UK on a tour,\" an officer from the Pant Nagar police station said.The police said the building did not have closed-circuit television cameras. They are questioning the watchman, Naresh Thapa (25), about visitors to the building on Monday and about the time the workers left Ajmera's flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13044096", "title": "Reality show winners open dance academy", "text": "RANCHI: \"We need to help children reach Mumbai to participate in reality shows and make Ranchi proud of their achievements.\" This was the message given out by Abheek and Rajashmita, popular dance reality show participants, during inauguration of a dance academy \"Dance Wance\" on Monday at Bariatu.\"I am a resident of this city and I thought of giving back to my native by opening a dance academy. Here there is lot of potential among children and they just need proper training and guidance. We want to provide all facilities so that they excel in their respective field,\" said Shivam Manoharan, director of Dance Wance who is an actor-cum-choreographer working in Mumbai.The presence of reality show participants added glamour to the function. Rajashmita is the winner of the show and Abheek was in the 'super six'. Speaking on this occasion Abheek, a resident of Ranchi said, \"Reaching DID is a big thing as we competed against millions of participants. Once you reach such a platform the responsibility of making your state proud of your achievements lay on your shoulders. It is a great platform.\"Talking further about his experiences he said, \"All the judges appreciated my performance and it is their appreciation which helped me reach the 'super six' slot. Unfortunately I could not win as I think voting system played spoilsport. However I will be loved by the people and will remain in their hearts. Coming here and inaugurating the academy is basically trying to fulfil the ambitions of children who aspire to showcase their talents but due to lack of facilities and guidance are unable to do so.\"Appreciating Abheek's work, Rajashmita, who is originally from Orissa, said, \"I am here to support him and Shivam for their efforts. Children here have lot of potential. Opening such academies will help them in enhancing their talent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13043807", "title": "Two more arrests in student abduction case", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Two more persons were arrested in the K. Ganesh Reddy kidnapping case here. They are Krushna Pandi, an auto-rickshaw driver and Ananga Panda, former sales representative of a private cellphone company. With this arrest, the number of persons arrested in the kidnapping has risen to nine.Ganesh, a final year student of Bachelor in Business Administration (BBA) of Khallikote autonomous college, was kidnapped at gun-point while going to Salia dam on April 27. His abductors ad demanded Rs 10 lakh ransom from his builder father K Mohan Rao of Berhampur, said inspector in charge ( Town police) S S Mohapatra.Ganesh was rescued from Tamanaghati near here three days after the incident. Earlier, seven persons, including one of Ganesh friends, was arrested. They also seized the vehicle used for the kidnapping and arrested its driver. But four to five persons, including the two key accused are on the run, police said. \"We have identified the key persons and making all efforts to arrest the masterminds,\" police said. Raids are being conducted at several areas in Berhampur and its adjoining areas, police added.In another incident, a woman was arrested on Monday for allegedly killing her seven-month-old daughter by throwing her into pond in Ganjam's Hinjilicut area on Saturday. The woman was identified as Tikini Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13045104", "title": "Patiala commissioner urges safety checks on industrial buildings", "text": "JALANDHAR: Patiala division commissioner S R Ladhar, who also holds additional charge of the Jalandhar division and is inquiring into the factory collapse here in which 23 persons were killed, has asked deputy commissioners of all seven districts of the division to ensure that safety profile of all industrial buildings is checked.Ladhar convened a meeting of the DCs of seven districts and issued them directions to carry out mandatory checks to avoid a repeat of Jalandhar factory collapse.Industrialist Shital Vij had not even obtained mandatory clearances from the departments concerned and had raised the building of his factory in violation of rules. A safety certificate from the directorate of factories was also not even taken.He also held a meeting with officials of various departments regarding the inquiry into the factory collapse. It is learnt that the departments either passed the buck or washed off their responsibility in failing to carry out the checks and put entire blame on Shital Vij for running the factory illegally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13045643", "title": "Jewellers welcome rollback", "text": "SURAT: About 15,000 jewellers in Surat and south Gujarat are celebrating over union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee announcing the rollback of one per cent excise duty on precious metal jewellery - both branded and unbranded - in the Parliament on Monday.Earlier, jewellers across the nation including in the south Gujarat region, had suspended the 21 days long agitation against the Central government's one per cent excise duty imposition on April 7 after the representatives of the jewellers trade bodies were given assurance for the rollback on May 7. Rajiv Jain, chairman, Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) told TOI, \"It is a welcome step and the entire gems and jewellery industry is thankful to the finance minister. The rollback will once again help the industry to flourish and increase its share in the global market.\"Dipak Choksi, regional chairman, GJF said, \"It a big relief for the jewellery retailers, wholesalers and goldsmiths in Gujarat and across the country.\"Pravin Nanavaty, former president of Surat Diamond Association (SDA) and chairman of SHE Jewels said \"The biggest relief has come to the goldsmiths as they would have to bear the burnt of the one per cent levy of excise.\"Rakesh Patel , a jeweller in Bhagal said, \"This is a result of the unity shown by the jewellers across the country. We kept our shops and showrooms closed for 22 days. It feels great that our fight for the abolition of excise duty paid off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13045067", "title": "Telangana mantris ignore CM diktat on poll campaign", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy may have on Monday warned his ministers that those crossing the line would invite disciplinary action, but his cabinet members appear to care two hoots for his threats. Three weeks after CM entrusted five Telangana cabinet colleagues with the bypoll campaign responsibility in the Seemandhra region, no minister has bothered to visit the region. What is more, they are making it clear that they will not venture into the other two regions for the campaign in the coming days as well.Nearly three weeks ago at a meeting at the CM's Camp office here, Kiran Kumar had allotted bypoll campaign duties to the five Telangana ministers. The bypolls on June 12 are slated to be held for 17 assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat in Seemandhra region and for the lone Parkal assembly seat in Telangana. Information minister D K Aruna was entrusted with Railway Kodur and home minister Sabita Indra Reddy given Rayachoti, both in Kadapa district. Civil supplies minister J Sridhar Babu was made in-charge of Tirupati seat in Chittoor district and housing minister Uttam Kumar Reddy handed over Macherla assembly seat in Guntur district . Labour minister Danam Nagender was entrusted with the Congress campaign for the lone Lok Sabha seat of Nellore.However, till date, barring one minister , no campaigning has been carried out by the five Telangana leaders. Sridhar Babu visited Tirupati on only one occasion, that too for a day, and has made it clear to his aides that he would not venture into bypoll campaign in the Seemandhra region again. \"The reason for them boycotting the poll responsibilities is very simple . In order to counter the YSR Congress, the ruling party leaders have been warning the electorate that a vote for Jaganmohan Reddy would be a vote for Telangana. Obviously, the Telangana leaders cannot endorse such a view nor even be seen sharing the dais with the Seemandhra leaders espousing such a viewpoint,\" said sources.Secondly, the Telangana ministers do not want to face the people of the other two regions as they can neither endorse the 'United Andhra' stand nor explain why the T ministers are for the division of the state.A day after returning from his Tirupati poll campaign , Sridhar Babu is said to have told his aides that it is impossible for him to campaign in Seemandhra region. \"Our political future is in Telangana region. By campaigning in the other two regions , we would end up committing political hara-kiri ,\" a minister said.Ironically, Kiran Kumar Reddy turned to the Telangana ministers to help him out in the campaigning as he felt that the ministers from the other two regions may not whole-heartedly campaign to ensure success of the Congress candidates and enhance Kiran Kumar's standing as chief minister. In Kadapa district, where three bypolls are scheduled, the CM is faced with a hostile D L Ravindra Reddy, a sulking former minister A Sai Pratap , a non-cooperative C Ramachandraiah , and a lightweight Md Ahmedulla Syed.In Anantapur district, local strongman J C Diwakar Reddy has timed his unhappiness with a trip abroad and Krian Kumar has only minister N Raghuveera Reddy to stand by him.In Guntur district, the rivalry between minister Kanna Lakshminarayana and local MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao is threatening to derail the Congress campaign, while in West Godavari, the local leaders are all set to sabotage the campaign of the Narsapuram Congress candidate on the grounds that he was foisted on them by Eluru MP Kavuri Sambasiva Rao.In Srikakulam, minister Dharmana Prasada Rao iskeeping a low profile as his two brothers are pitted against each other as Congress and YSR Congress candidates from Narasannapeta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13044379", "title": "Present tense, future bright!", "text": "LUDHIANA: While the Sahnewal domestic airport is still grappling with the lack of basic navigational aids to support risk-free landing and take-off for its only operational flight between Delhi and Ludhiana, the Badal government on Monday sought clearance for an international airport in the city.In a meeting with Union civil aviation minister on Monday, chief minister Parkash Badal along with deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal demanded approval for Instrument Flight Rules (IFR) for an international airport being set up in Macchiwara as a 26-km-away extension of the existing Sahnewal airport.However, the Sahnewal airport, which begun operations in May 2010, does not yet have a basic DVOR (Doppler VHF omnidirectional radio range).TOI has been highlighting how the state government's civil aviation department and Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) were trading barbs with Airport Authority of India on bearing the cost for navigational aids. ''Visibility problems have reduced frequency of flight. For more than two years, AI has also been incurring the cost of sending passengers by taxi to Delhi or of accommodating them on another flight,'' said Amrik Singh, manager for AI, Sahnewal.At present, the airport follows standard operational procedures (SOP) from the rule book in case of bad weather along with a regular navigational aid non-directional beacon and had a record 139 cancellations out of 215 scheduled flights and diversions due to poor weather and smog.''We had procured DVOR last year and are still waiting for PSPCL to remove the high-tension wires,'' said V P Jain, AAI manager, Sahnewal airport. Besides DVOR, the airport also faces problems of poor approach roads and pollution from surrounding industries as well.Billowing smoke from various iron, forging, dyeing and cycle manufacturing factories was a concern even before the airport began its second term of operations last year. ''The PWD department had agreed to refurbish approach roads here. However, the smog problem will continue as the pollution agency is yet to fix the monitoring session to measure air quality for this zone,'' said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13046102", "title": "US envoy to Pakistan, Cameron Munter, decides to quit", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US ambassador to Pakistan, Cameron Munter, has told his staff that he is leaving Islamabad , after serving just over 18 months in a country that has proved to be one of Washington's most challenging and difficult partners in the world.Munter, a career diplomat, reportedly did not see eye-to-eye with Washington, where the Obama administration has taken a tough line on a once-storied ally. Some media reports suggested that Munter ''simply wasn't a good fit with the Pakistani government - and perhaps not with the Obama administration as well.''But Pakistani commentators said among Obama administration officials, Munter was perhaps the most inclined to accommodate Pakistani concerns with regards to hot button issues such as Drone attacks and the Pakistani demand for a US apology over the Salala attack. During his 18+ months in Islamabad, Munter navigated some treacherous diplomatic terrain, including the Abbottabad raid that killed Osama bin Laden , punitive Drone attacks, and a stand-off over Nato supply route following the Salala attack in which American forces decimated 26 Pakistani soldiers. The incidents lacerated U.S-Pakistan ties already under strain over attacks originating from Pakistan on the interests of U.S and its allies in Afghanistan and elsewhere.With ties straining to the point of rupture, Munter appeared to take a soft, diplomatic line over the Hafiz Saeed bounty issue last week in what is often termed in diplomatic circles as localitis or clientitis, a crude term for a sympathetic hearing for the host country, as many envoys are bound to do. He was reported telling the Pakistani media that the U.S government did not announce any bounty or head money on Saeed and the matter had been misreported.While Munter was technically correct (the U.S announced a bounty for information leading to arrest and conviction of Hafiz Saeed and not one for his ''head''), he appeared to reel back Washington's tough approach that was later spelled out by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Kolkata on Monday, when she bluntly upbraided Pakistan for not taking any action against the alleged Mumbai attack mastermind.But a blog which first reported the matter said Munter's departure was not related to any particular policy dispute with Washington or Islamabad.Among the names being bandied around to succeed Munter is Richard Olson, like Munter a career foreign service officer. In fact, the last 16 U.S ambassadors to Pakistan have been FSOs, unlike with neighboring India, which has had a mix of FSOs and political appointees.The just-arrived envoy in New Delhi, Nancy Jo Powell, is the first FSO after Frank Wisner in 1993-1995, who was followed by Richard Celeste, Robert Blackwill, David Mulford, and Timothy Roemer , all political appointees. Pakistan's last political appointee was Joseph Farland in 1969.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13044122", "title": "Woman burns kids, self to death", "text": "Daltonganj: A 24-year-old dalit woman Soniya Devi burnt herself and her three children to death late on Sunday. This incident took place at Osaney village under Chainpur block of the district. Soniya's husband Dilip Ram was sleeping with other members of the family in the courtyard of the house. Chainpur police station OC Manoj Thakur said poverty drove her to take the extreme step.He said, \"As this woman had a five-month-old girl, she could not go out to work and this must have further deepened the economic crisis of the family.\"Thakur said the woman first set afire her three sleeping children. The children have been identified as Vikas, Muslan and Sarsutya. \"Reports suggest the children were asleep at time of the incident,\" said Thakur. After setting herself on fire Soniya started crying for help but it was too late. tnn\"The family is extremely poor. Dilip Ram, husband of Soniya, is a daily wage earner and was working in Bangalore till he fell ill, a few months back and returned home,\" said Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13042936", "title": "Cops nab 'terrorists'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a red Maruti WagonR car that sent the Gandhinagar police officials in a tizzy on Monday evening. All the personnel were asked to keep a check on the vehicle matching the description as police had got a tip-off at 5.30 pm that the car was reportedly carrying terrorists heading towards state legislative assembly. The officials heaved a sigh of relief after 40 minutes as a SI with Sector 7 police station spotted and stopped the said vehicle successfully at 6.10 pm. It was then revealed that the incident was a mock drill planned by senior officials to check preparedness and reaction time. Officials found the activity satisfactory.Usha Rada, in-charge superintendent of police, Gandhinagar, told TOI that the drill was planned to see whether the personnel adhere to the standard operating procedure (SOP) issued for such contingencies and follow the instructions clearly. \"Such activities include vehicle checking, screening of suspects, coordinating with agencies such as local crime branch (LCB), local intelligence bureau (LIB) and traffic branch and keeping eyes and ears open for any input important for the operation,We found that the operation was conducted well by many of the officials whereas some personnel did not respond in time. We have taken notes of the proceedings and it will be used for future training,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13043800", "title": "Paschimavahini project gets a new lease of life", "text": "MANGALORE: Coastal districts of Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Uttara Kannada have no major irrigation projects unlike Krishna and Cauvery basin regions. This is despite the fact that nature has blessed the coastal districts with 13 west-flowing rivers, which at the height of monsoons discharge 2,000 TMC water to Arabian Sea.On the other hand, rivers in Krishna basin discharge 1,200 TMC and Cauvery basin 800 TMC to Bay of Bengal.Striving to tap this quantum of water through 'Paschimavahini' project is none other CM DV Sadananda Gowda. According to a back of the envelope calculation made by deputy speaker N Yogish Bhat, only 2.5% of the 2,000 TMC of water is being used at present. \"This presents us with an opportunity to construct series of check dams along the west-flowing rivers and tap their potential,\" Bhat told TOI.The chief minister at an official review meeting here on Sunday instructed officials of minor irrigation department to undertake comprehensive survey of places where the check dams can be constructed. \"This has to be completed before the end of forthcoming monsoon so that work on thedams can be taken up shortly thereafter.Such check dams will recharge underground water level,\" he said.Assuring the officials that funds will not become a hindrance for executing the project, CM said, \"We have allocated Rs 10,500 crore for major irrigation projects in this year's budget and not all the money is likely to be spent due to land acquisition and other process. A portion of this allocation can be used for check dams.\" \"The check dams will recharge wells and borewells in the region and this will mean lesser dependence on rivers during peak of summer when coastal districts face acute drinking water shortage,\" Bhat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045338", "title": "Patna students make replica of famous statues", "text": "PATNA: Seven students of College of Arts &amp; Crafts, Patna , made replica of famous statues and structures located in different states for the Replica Museum in Siri Fort Auditorium, New Delhi.Director of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), north zone, KK Muhammed, supervised their works.\"We focused on the Jain and Buddha statues as they are quite artistic. The idea is to attract tourists visiting Delhi to show them the replica of famous sculptures of different states, in the museum,\" said Muhammed.Talking about the seven students, he said, \"They really lived up to my expectations.\"Rajendra Kumar , a final year student of the college, also got a job in the ASI. \"Rajendra is also part of an ASI project in Gaya,\" Muhammed said.The students from Patna, along with a few students from Delhi, created 30 replicas for the museum. Describing the challenges, Muhammed said due to paucity of fund, the ASI could not send the students to the identified places to see and make the replicas. They were shown photographs of the original sculptures and the students made identical statues.He said the students were paid Rs 500 per day as remuneration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13045616", "title": "Security blanket ahead of BJP meet", "text": "MADURAI: Police are on a high alert to prevent any untoward incident ahead of or during the BJP state conference scheduled to be held this week in the city. Stunned by the explosion of a bomb hidden in a bicycle near a temple last week, the police have launched a 'See Something, Say Something' campaign in the city to get the public report to the police department on anything suspicious in their locality.The campaign is on the lines of the popular \"If You See Something, Say Something'' campaign by the US homeland department launched to thwart terrorist acts in the wake of the 9/11 attacks. \"It is high time that the public understood the importance of passing on information to police about unusual objects or strange developments in their locality. Information from the public is crucial in not only solving criminal cases, but also preventing occurrence of crime,'' said a senior police officer.A statement from the city police urged the public to inform the police about abandoned vehicles or objects in the vicinity of temples, bus stands, railway stations and other crowded public places. Objects found abandoned in buses or public transport should also be reported immediately.Public can report about such vehicles and objects by calling the telephone numbers: 77080 01000, 77080 02000, 77080 03000, 77080 04000. These mobile numbers have been dedicated exclusively for the campaign.The role of public in thwarting extremist activities has proved all the more significant in the backdrop of the fact that the security personnel of Ram Temple at Anna Nagar, near which the cycle bomb exploded on May 1, had reported about the abandoned cycle to the patrolling policemen two days before the explosion.Police have also urged hotel, mansion owners and residential associations to gather complete profile of their guests and tenants. \"If at all suspicion arise over any of the guests or tenants, they should alert the police immediately,'' officials have urged.Meanwhile, a thick security blanket has been thrown across the city in view of BJP's two-day meet beginning May 10. Senior leaders including L K Advani and Nitin Gadkari are set to be in Madurai for the meet.Police have begun intensive checking of vehicles entering the city. Senior police officials headed by south zone IG, Rajesh Das, are holding a series of meeting to ensure foolproof security for the meet. Superintendents of police from neighbouring districts have also been roped in for the security measures. Police plan to deploy about 3,000 personnel in the city during the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13045046", "title": "Unemployment dole eligibility age to go down", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to expand the base of beneficiaries, the state government is likely to reduce the minimum age for availing the unemployment allowance from 35 to 30 years. \"A final decision to this effect is expected anytime this week,\" labour minister Haji Vaqar Ahmed Shah told TOI on Monday . After the Samajwadi Party government implemented the promise it made in its poll manifesto to provide an unemployment dole of Rs 12,000 per annum , the employment exchanges across the state got flooded with claimants to get themselves registered. More than 25 lakh got themselves enrolled within a week.The overwhelming response forced the government to look for the ways to assist more and more youngsters, says an official source.The lowering of minimum age would increase the number of eligible candidates by 12 lakh. This would escalate the project cost by 3,00 crore. Originally, the state government was to spend Rs 900 crore over a period of five years.While the government may lower the age of eligibility, there is still no decision on the upper age. Initially it was proposed that unemployed persons below 60 years of age would be eligible. Later, 45 years was fixed as the upper age. But neither of the two were finalized.An income criterion was also brought in to restrict the numbers. In the beginning, it was said that only those below poverty line group would be eligible. But, now it is said that the applicant's (if he is the head of the family) annual family income (family having at least five members) should not be more than Rs 36,000. It is also stated that if the applicant is not the head of his family his father's annual income should not exceed Rs 1.5 lakh. All these issues are being resolved to implement the scheme. Sources however said that only one person per family would get the allowance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13043845", "title": "Lawyers seek justice for killed Boston student", "text": "CUTTACK: A PIL was filed in Orissa High Court on Monday seeking exemplary punishment for the killers of Odia student K Seshadri Rao at Boston. The petition filed by a social organization, Nationalist Lawyers Forum, stated that Rao, a student at Boston University's Graduate School of Management, was shot dead by some unidentified persons near the university campus on April 19. But till now no one has been arrested for the crime.The petitioner has blamed Centre's inaction in dealing with the attacks on Indian students in foreign countries. The petitioner said students are being repeatedly attacked and murdered in foreign countries but the Centre is not taking steps to prevent re-occurrence of such incidents and neither get justice.The petitioner has urged the court to issue directions to the Centre and state government to formulate stringent laws and regulations to ensure the safety of Indian students studying or working abroad. \"In the last one year, seven Indian students have been killed in foreign countries but the Centre is not taking any step to check these incidents. Even it is not demanding justice for the deceased,\" said Nishikant Mishra, a petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13047532", "title": "We want to see Hafiz Saeed brought to justice: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US wants to see Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind of the 2008 Mumbai attack, brought to justice whether he is tried in a Pakistani court or in a US court or wherever, a top official has said.State department spokesman Mark Toner said the US' desire that Pakistan secure the conviction of the founder of Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) in connection with the Mumbai attack was the reason why it recently announced a reward of $10 million to anyone for information leading to his trial in a court of law.\"We have been very clear why this program, particularly our Rewards for Justice program, was put in place. We want to see this individual brought to justice,\" Toner told reporters.\"As you remember at the time, there was a lot of speculation of why we did this because everyone knows he's in Pakistan. What we want to do is give the Pakistani authorities the judicial wherewithal to bring this guy to justice,\" he said.\"At the time we used the phrase, and continue to use, evidence that can withstand judicial scrutiny.Whether he is tried in a Pakistani court or in a US court or wherever, we want to see him brought to justice,\" Toner said.Secretary of State Hillary Clinton now on a visit to India had said on Monday that the US would push Pakistan for securing the conviction of Saeed, observing that country has not done as much as US and India wanted it to fight terrorism.Clinton said she was \"well aware that there has not yet been the steps taken by the Pakistani government\" that could help in securing Saeed's conviction.\"We're going to be pushing that point. So it's a way of raising the visibility and pointing out to those who are associated with him that there is a cost for that,\" Clinton said at an interactive session in Kolkata.\"You have to go after those who are trying to kill you. You have to be focussed on that...We want everybody who is associated with that(Mumbai attack) brought to justice. And it may take longer than any one of us like. But we are going to be standing with you and trying to make that happen,\" Clinton had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13042545", "title": "NID admission test results declared", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The admission results of National Institute of Design (NID) were declared on Monday. While the results of the undergraduate programme were declared online at around 6pm, the results of the postgraduate programmes were declared later in the night at around 9pm.NID will be taking 100 undergraduate students this year and a total of 245 students in various postgraduate programmes. There are 17 disciplines under the postgraduate programme at NID with different number of students in each programme.Registrar at NID Vijaya Deshmukh said, \"We will be allowing the students to accept the admission offer until May 31. After that we will start taking students from the wait list.\" For the undergraduate programme, NID has shortlisted 10 students in the wait list under the general category, eight students in the OBC category and five students in the SC category.The admission for both the undergraduate and the postgraduate programmes at NID are based on a test called Design Aptitude Test (DAT) which is organized by the institute. Following the test, the selected students appear for personal interview at the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "field ganj", "code": "13044335", "title": "Grease, diesel from railway shed add to woes", "text": "FIELD GANJ: If the municipal corporation authorities here are fretting over the tardy pace of work to cover the Ganda Nullah, the railway authorities have only added to their woes. The latter are throwing contaminated water in the drain despite several reminders from railway authorities.Given the prevailing state of affairs, the project of covering of the Ganda Nullah would turn out to be a complete failure as the drain would remain choked and, once covered, it would not be possible to clean it at all. The water flowing out of the diesel shed of the railways department is mixing with drain water near Gurdwara Dukhniwaran Sahib, where the covering of the drain is also going on.\"It is not a new problem that the MC officials have come to know about. For many years, we have been complaining about mixing of grease and diesel in the drain water, which also enters our houses whenever there is choking (in the drain),\" grumbled Raman Kumar, a shopkeeper and resident of area.Expressing similar sentiments, another businessman, Manjinder Singh claimed, \"The officials have woken up from their slumber now. They should act swiftly, otherwise it would be impossible to take remedial measures.\"Superintending engineer of operation and maintenance cell, Manjit Singh said, \"The railway authorities are throwing untreated water from their diesel shed directly into the drain, which is against the rules. At present, they are throwing grease, diesel and mobile oil.\"Continuing his indignant note, he added further that they had written letters to the department concerned and even contacted officials on phone but nothing has come of it.Assistant divisional engineer, northern railway, at city railway station Surjit Singh admitted to knowing about MC's concern. \"I had received a letter from MC and have forwarded the same to the diesel shed officials, who would further look into the matter and hopefully, the problem would be solved,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13045286", "title": "Opium theft: Cops transfers hit probe", "text": "VARANASI: With the reshuffling in police department after change of guard at Lucknow, the investigation in one of the most sensational cases of siphoning about 1,200 kg opium off from the Government Opium and Alkaloid Works (GOAW) Ghazipur has been put on hold. No effort is on to arrest the absconders, including the mastermind of this episode, while an assistant commander of CISF, whose role is also under scanner, has been transferred and attached to force's headquarters.However, the police claim that the progress made in the investigation of this case is being reviewed to ensure that the accused persons are also getting booked under Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotics Drugs Psychotropic Substances Act, 1988 (PIT NDPS).IG Zone Brij Bhushan admitted that no progress in the investigation of this case had been reported to him in recent weeks. According to him, the investigation officer of this case is on leave while most of the officials of the committee constituted to monitor the investigation had also been transferred. Due to it the progress in investigation was affected, said the IG adding, the investigation officer had been summoned and the DIG Range K Satish Ganesh had been asked to monitor the investigation. He expressed the hope that the pace of investigation would be accelerated very soon.When the DIG was contacted, he said that some progress had been made in the internal investigation of CISF. He said that the assistant commander of CISF, who was posted at GOAW at the time opium was siphoned, was transferred and attached to the force headquarters. He said he had information that the departmental probe was continuing against him. He said that the police could also interrogate him if it would be a must as part of on-going investigation. He said that the CISF officials also informed him that out of five arrested CISF constables two had been terminated while departmental investigation was in progress against other three.These officials, who assumed their charge in recent past, can surely not be blamed for the delay in completion of the probe. Sources say this episode is sufficient to make it clear that how the transfers and postings in police department can affect the progress in any case and give liberty to the absconders and accused persons. The men in khaki have relaxed the investigation in such a case, which was surprising even for them as well as other agencies like Narcotics Control Bureau.The records of these departments reveal that between 1988 and 2011, the total recovery of opium in the cases registered under NDPS Act was over 5,000 kg. The average annual recovery of opium was over 55 kg only. On February 29, the largest recovery of opium in a single case was registered in Varanasi that exposed the nexus of drug peddlers and CISF personnel paving the way for the siphoning of opium from the GOAW.The DIG said that the progress made in the investigation of this case is being reviewed to ensure that the accused persons are also getting booked under Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotics Drugs Psychotropic Substances Act 1988 (PIT NDPS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042510", "title": "Family support is key to switch", "text": "MUMBAI: It will take at least a couple of years before youngster Bidhan Baruah can realize his dream of a complete feminine transition. The Bombay high court has given the 21-year-old the green signal to carry on with his plans, but the main surgery is only the starting point of the transition, say doctors. There are cosmetic issues-from smoother skin to a feminine voice-as well as the all-important issue of psychological well-being that need to be addressed.\"The day the plastic surgeon removes the existing sex organs, a person gets a medical certificate about his/her sex change,\" said plastic surgeon Anil Tibrewala from Hinduja Hospital. \"But the entire transition can take longer because of endocrine (hormone) issues, body hair, voice change, etc.\"Dr Arvind Vartak, who heads the plastic surgeon department in Masina Hospital in Byculla, said that sex change is a safe and successful operation. \"Transsexuals don't enjoy living in their body and it's painful for them to carry on,\" he added. Dr Tibrewala said that the medical community is coming around to believe that this is a genetic issue.Sex-change operation, or gender reassignment surgery, actually begins in the psychiatrist's clinic. \"A surgeon's job may extend up to two sessions, but counselling and therapy have to go on for years before and after the operation(s),\" said psychiatrist Harish Shetty. \"We have to help persons who opt for sex-change operation while negotiating the normal society.\"Plastic surgeon Sunil Keswani, who runs the National Burns Centre in Airoli, said that a team of psychiatrists and psychologists have to first evaluate if the patient is mentally sound. \"The team then has to assess whether the patient fits the criteria of trans-genders. It is also important to assess whether that patient will benefit from the operation and if denying permission would have a deleterious effect,\" he added.All doctors maintained that family support is most important. \"Doctors need to counsel families and even meet them six to seven times. Mothers are usually weepy and depressed while fathers are violent and angry,\" said Dr Shetty. Dr Keswani said that family support is important especially in the long run after the patient leaves the hospital. In the past few years, there has been a steady trickle of patients to doctors' clinics seeking a sex-change operation. \"It is not as common as other operations, but it is not rare. We get five to six persons walking in for a consultation, but less than half actually decide to go ahead,\" said Dr Tibrewalla. Dr Shetty said the increase has been apparent in the last three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043801", "title": "2 injured as car rams auto in Lutyens' Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons received serious injuries after a BMW rammed into an auto at Copernicus Marg-Madahav Rao Scindia Marg T-point in central Delhi. The car was being driven by the driver of a south Delhi-based businessman and was registered in the name of his company.The BMW rammed into the auto while the latter was moving from Mandi House to India Gate, police said. The car was on its way from India Gate to Mandi House. Sunita, a teacher at a leading public school and Vijay, the auto driver, were admitted to AIIMS Trauma Centre.A case of negligent driving was registered at Tilak Marg police station and the BMW driver, Ravinder Singh , a resident of Chirag Dilli, was arrested and later released on bail. The car has been impounded by cops, a police officer said.\"The car was travelling at a high speed. It hit the auto making it swerve towards the pavement.Vijay and Sunita received serious injuries and are undergoing treatment at ICU,'' a cop said.A senior police officer said a passer-by called cops to inform them of the incident. \"A woman and the driver of auto were injured. They are still undergoing treatment. We have not taken their statement as they were unfit to do so,\" said the police officer. The three occupants of the car, including the driver, were saved after the air-balloon opened up in the vehicle. The three of them were also taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre where they were administered first aid and discharged.Accidents involving luxury cars are on the rise in the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13043865", "title": "Did dinosaurs cause climate change?", "text": "LONDON: Dinosaurs may have had been partly responsible for causing climate change as they emitted the potent global warming gas, methane, which could have been a factor for their own demise, say scientists. A team at St Andrews University, Scotland , led by professor Graeme Ruxton, said the giant animals spent 150 years emitting methane. In fact, large plant-eating sauropods would have been the main culprits due to the huge amounts of greens they consumed.The scientists calculated the animals would have collectively produced more than 520 million tonnes of methane a year - more than all today's modern sources put together.It is thought these huge amounts could easily have been enough to warm the planet. It is even possible that the climate change was so catastrophic that it caused the dinosaurs eventual demise, the 'Daily Mail' reported. One of the animals, a 90-tonne argentinosaurus, which measured 140ft in length, would have consumed at least half a tonne of food in one day. After breaking down in the animal's stomach it would have produced thousands of litres of the greenhouse gas compared with a modern cow which only produces 200 litres of methane daily, according to the scientists. Methane is up to 20 times more effective in trapping heat in the atmosphere than carbon dioxide. It is created from a variety of natural and human-influenced sources which include landfills, natural gas and petroleum sources.It's claimed humans have pushed levels of the gas up 2.5 times higher than they should be. Cows and other livestock emit about 100m tonnes of methane a year. According to professor Ruxton, this is only a fifth of what was produced when dinosaurs walked the Earth .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13044308", "title": "Ranchi gets to savour Italian cuisine", "text": "RANCHI: The foodies in the city will no longer have to remain satisfied with pizzas and pastas. For the first time the gourmands will get more scopes to tantalize their taste buds and fill their insatiable appetites with new Italian delicacies ranging from Ratatouille, a main course food item to Basil and Parmesan soup. Courtesy, 'Bon Apetite Italian food festival' that kick-started here on May 4 and will continue till May 13.BNR Chanakya is hosting the event for the first time in the city. \"Italian food is less spicy and cholesterol free. In this summer season we thought to bring Italian cuisine here as the Ranchiites have never tasted the lip smacking Italian delicacies. Every day we have around 100 or at times more items than that,\" said Dharambir kumar, food and beverage manager.On each day the festival will serve a variety of mouth-watering dishes on the platter of the visitors. \"We have Ratatouille which is on the bed of Mushroom Risotto and tomato broth. Risotto is a type of rice made of Arbota rice. Then we have spaghetti with Bolognaise where spaghetti is tossed with mutton mince,\" said chef Pinaki Mishra, an Italian food specialist.\"Apart from these there is Lamb Goulash, Fuseli with creamy cheese sauce, Penne with tomato Basil, Vegetable Lasagne with tomato comfit in the main course. In the salad we have Caesar Salad where ice-burg lettuce is used. These items range from Rs 80 to 500,\" he said.People are having amazing time in checking out the Italian cuisine. \"I was very excited as Italian food festival came up for the first time in the city. I am a non-vegetarian. I am relishing my Ratatouille and grilled jumbo prawn,\" said Anita, a housewife while taking a piece of grilled jumbo prawn and eating it slowly savouring every mouthful.\"Vegetables have been brought from Delhi and sea food from Kolkata. Since basil and cheese are two very important ingredients in Italian food, so we have tried variety with them. We have brought parmesan cheese and other different types of cheese from outside as we don't get it in the city,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043280", "title": "CPM legislator gets bail after 68 days", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court on Monday granted bail to jailed CPM MLA Manoranjan Patra who has spent 68 days behind the bars for his alleged involvement in the murder of a Trinamool worker.The MLA from Bankura's Taldangra, who'd surrendered before a Khatra additional chief judicial magistrate's (ACJM) court on February 27, was the only person among the 20 accused named in the FIR (including his brother Jiten Patra) who was still in prison. Patra - wanted by police since June, 2010 - surrendered after his bail pleas were turned down twice by the Bankura district court and by Calcutta high court in January this year.On Monday, a division bench of Justice Ashim Roy and Justice Tafiquddin released Patra on a conditional bail of Rs 20,000. He was also permitted to visit his Assembly constituency. Patra - serving for the fourth consecutive terms as an MLA - was named in the FIR with 20 others after the murder of Madan Khan, a Trinamool Congress supporter at Rajpur under the Taldangra police station area. Khan was allegedly hacked to death by a group of CPM cadres and supporters on June 29, 2010.Patra pleaded that he was present in the state assembly on the day of the killing and charges against him were framed purposely. CPM while welcoming the court order maintained that the charges against Patra were baseless and politically motivated and hopes the judiciary will vindicate it after trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043129", "title": "Government blocks road to celebrate Tagore birthday", "text": "KOLKATA: Commuters in the city have become used to diversions and traffic snarls during Durga Puja, with organizers occupying road space to erect their pandals. On Monday, they had to suffer a similar ordeal, and this time the occasion is the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore. A dais has been erected right on Cathedral Road, blocking the entire eastern flank to celebrate the occasion.Tuesday too, is likely to be a difficult day for commuters passing through central Kolkata. But they cannot complain. Because it is the state government - the information and culture department to be precise - which is organizing the programme, sparing little thought for the plight of the commuters. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee herself will inaugurate the Kabi Pronam programme here at 2pm on Tuesday.Even many state government officials were surprised to see the pandal right on the road. Earlier, the programme used to take place either at Rabindra Sadan or at Citizens' Park.\"There is hardly any justification for blocking Cathedral Road as the current venue won't accommodate a larger audience than it did at Rabindra Sadan or Citizen's Park,\" said an official. He preferred not to be named as the programme involves the chief minister.Police officers had a harrowing time on Monday managing traffic at the Rabindra Sadan crossing. All vehicles bound for the central business district take this road during morning peak hours. And since one flank of the road was blocked, traffic was thrown out of gear. The dais has also created a major problem for SSKM Hospital-bound vehicles, said a traffic police officer.During morning peak hours on Monday, there were lingering snarls at AJC Bose Road, Harish Mukherjee Road and the eastern flank of Cathedral Road. Commuters, who suffered at least 20 to 30 minutes of delay during their morning rush at that narrowed stretch of the road, were spotted fuming at this mindless act by the government.According to some of them, there was no dearth of place in and around that area. The Nandan complex could accommodate as many people as this blocked portion of Cathedral Road.\"The road where traffic moves northward during the morning peak hours will be out of bounds on Tuesday afternoon as the audience might spill over to the other flank of the road. Besides the chief minister, the programme will have a host of Rabindrasangeet exponents, including Purba Dam, Mohan Singh , Purabi Mukhopdhyay, Sriradha Bandyopadhyay and Anjan Dutt,\" said a traffic police officer.\"At Mohar Kunja, where Tagore's birth anniversary programme used to be held, we will organize a book fair of a different genre this year,\" said a senior officer of the information and culture department.What puja organizers do during Durga puja, the state government is doing to celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore. The information and culture department has erected a huge pandal eating away the entire eastern flank of Cathedral Road, leaving only the other for traffic. The Kabi Pranam (Pochishe Baishakh, May 8) programme will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday at 2 pm.Many state government officials were surprised to see the pandal right on Cathedral Road. In earlier years, it happened either at Rabindra Sadan or at Citizens' Park opposite Rabindra Sadan. \"There is hardly any justification for blocking Cathedral Road as the current venue won't accommodate a larger audience than that in Rabindra Sadan or Citizen's Park. The officers preferred anonymity as the programme involves the chief minister.Police officers had a harrowing time managing traffic at the Rabindra Sadan crossing. All vehicles bound for the central business district take this road during morning peaks hours. If one flank goes away, there is bound to be a problem. The crossing is important as it is used to access SSKM Hospital, said a traffic police officer.During the morning peaks hours, there were lingering snarls at AJC Bose Road, Harish Mukherjee Road and the eastern flank of Cathedral Road. Commuters, who suffered at least 20 to 30 minutes of traffic snarls during the morning peak hours at that narrowed stretch of the road, were angry at this mindless act by the government.There was no dearth of place here. The Nandan complex could accommodate as many people as this covered portion of Cathedral Road can accommodate. \"The road where traffic moves northward during the morning peak hours will be out of bounds on Tuesday afternoon as the audience might spillover to the other flank of the road. Besides the chief minister, the programme will have a host of Rabindra Sangeet exponents like Purba Dam, Mohan Singh, Purabi Mukhopdhyay, Sriradha Bandyopadhyay and Anjan Dutta,\" said a traffic police officer.\"At Moharkunj in Citizens' Park, where Tagore's birth anniversary programme used to be held, we will organize a book fair of a different genre this year,\" said a senior I&C; officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13045265", "title": "Health scheme leaves ex-servicemen in the lurch in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The contributory health scheme that covers the more than one lakh ex-servicemen residing in the state capital is proving to be a source of concern for them. The lack of facilities at the ECHS polyclinic inside the military camp in Pangode are compelling them to approach the empanelled private hospitals, where they are now forced to pay from their pockets.The empanelled hospitals in the city are currently not providing the necessary treatment under the scheme because the defence department is not clearing the hospital bills on time. These hospitals are supposed to provide treatments at the rates fixed in the scheme.The rate fixed for a cataract surgery under the ECHS scheme is Rs 8,000. The empanelled hospitals in the city now charge the ex-servicemen Rs 2,000 to Rs 4,000 more for this service. \"Only a very few hospitals are empanelled in the district and they are charging more than the rate fixed under the ECHS scheme. Now, we are in a deep trouble,\" said N Sivan Nair, a retired Subedar Major who lodged a complaint against this with the defence authorities.The polyclinic set up inside the military camp lacks facilities and most of the drugs prescribed by the doctors are also not available there. Adequate quantity of drugs is not stocked at the clinic due to shortage of trained paramedical staff. The paramedical staff here are appointed on contract basis and they are changed frequently.\"There only four doctors posted here and about 400 to 500 patients, all above 50 years of age, come here everyday for treatment. They are forced to approach the private hospitals which are reluctant in admitting them,\" added Nair.The biggest trouble they face is in getting costly drugs. These drugs are not available at the polyclinic. And the amount they spent form their pockets to buy these drugs are not reimbursed by the defence department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043241", "title": "CPM, TMC spar over Hillary visit in RS", "text": "NEW DELHI: The acrimonious exchanges between Trinamool Congress and the Left over Hillary Clinton's visit to Kolkata spilled onto into the Rajya Sabha on Monday with CPM MPs while demanding that Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore's birthday be declared a national holiday, said it was \"shameful\" and \"obnoxious\" that she came to West Bengal on such a day as Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore's birthday anniversary and was \"interfering\" in India's internal affairs.Trinamool Congress TMC members, including Sukendhu Sekhar Roy, objectedto the remarks to the remarks leading to din in the House. Senior CPI(M) leader Sitaram Yechury demanded an answer from the government as to how a state government can hold talks with the US Secretary of State.PJ Kurien, who was in the Chair, sought to bring order in the House and told CPM MP Shyamal Chakraborty, who had raised the issue, that it (Clinton visit) was not the subject of his Zero Hour mention.In his mention, Chakraborty also said that it was \"strange and painful\" that Tagore's birthday has not been declared a national holiday so far. Left MPs and JD-U's Shivanand Tiwari tried to raise the issue even at the start of the Zero Hour but were not allowed to by Kurien.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044144", "title": "Exploitation of nurses: Supreme Court notice to Centre, states", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notices to the Union and state governments on a petition alleging that nurses faced considerable harassment at workplace but were forced to stick to their jobs in a particular hospital or a nursing home because they refuse to return original educational certificates submitted at the time of joining work.A bench of Chief Justice SH Kapadia and Justices AK Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar issued the notices on a petition filed Indian Professional Nurses Association (IPNA) through its president Mary Teenu Sebastian complaining of difficult working conditions, low salary, bleak promotion opportunities, lack of job security and related benefits, increased risk of sexual harassment at workplace and impounding of certificates at the time of appointment.Many hospitals pay only half the salary promised in the appointment letter, but the exploited lot could not search for another job as the hospital management refuses to give them back their original certificates taken at the time of appointment, the petitioners' counsel Deepak Prakash said.\"There is no leave sometimes for a month; neither residential facilities nor house rent allowance; no pick-and- drop facility even when the duty ends at midnight; no safety measures for treating highly infected patients,\" the petitioner organization said citing the example of a nurse, who 20 years ago was infected with AIDS because of an accidental needle prick and now facing divorce proceedings from her husband.The petitioner requested the Supreme Court to set up an independent expert committee to examine the issues and grievances of the nurses and formulate guidelines to alleviate the condition of nurses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13044463", "title": "Not sure idea of non-playing captain will work: Gilchrist", "text": "HYDERABAD: Innovation seems to be the hallmark of T20 cricket and IPL too is throwing up some possibilities which are rarely associated with the game of cricket. One of them is having a non-playing captain.We have already seen captains dropping themselves from the playing XI to ensure greater balance to the team.Team Punjab skipper Adam Gilchrist too has been forced to be on the sidelines due to an injury. But the Australian doesn't seem to have taken a fancy for the role of a non-playing captain.\"It is a very interesting idea but I don't think that there is a guarantee of it working well in cricket. I feel that the game still needs an on-field leader with a strong ability to direct the team and make decisions on the spot. He can certainly have inputs from the sidelines but crucial decisions have to be made on the spur of the moment. One can't be looking around for directions,\" he said ahead of his team's clash against Hyderabad on Monday.\"I certainly think the role of a separate staff that gives strong input is crucial. There are batting, bowling and fielding coaches. We have got areas of expertise in certain gentlemen and we trust them to cover those areas. It will be difficult for me to coach the bowlers. So that is why we trust the specialists,\" he said.Was it tough being on the sidelines? \"Not difficult to sit on the bench, surprisingly. I'm very comfortable. I'm very pleased that this is at the end of my career rather than at the start. I really enjoyed my involvement as a coach and am glad to watch the boys play so well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13042853", "title": "Kokate aide in MLC polls", "text": "NASHIK: Taking district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal head on, Congress MLA from Sinnar Manik Kokate pitted Rajendra Chavanke against the Congress-NCP official candidate Jayant Jadhav for the MLC poll. \"The decision to withdraw will be taken after party high command decides. The candidature is against Chhagan Bhujbal,\" Kokate said.\"The Bhujbals are unnecessarily interfering in politics in Sinnar. They have decided to attack me. During the recent elections to Sinnar Municipal Council, despite no NCP candidate being present, Bhujbal organised a rally to target me. I cannot stay calm and I have to react. I have supported Chavhanke for the sole reason to take on the Bhujbals,\" Kokate said.Besides Bhujbal, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat, Madhukar Pichad along with Congress district president Rajaram Pangavhane rallied behind Jadhav, while Kokate along with other office-bearers from Congress and vice-president of zilla parishad backed Chavanke.Chavanke has filed two forms - one as a Congress nominee and the other as an Independent. \"We will wait for Congress to announce its decision. We will present the A-B forms (given by parties to their official nominees during elections) if the party supports, else an Independent form has also been filed,\" Kokate said.The district administration has received 11 nominations from six people. Salim Shaikh is contesting from MNS, while Shivaji Sahane is the Shiv Sena-BJP candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043827", "title": "Residents claim minister's move a result of their efforts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Resident welfare associations have welcomed the Union sports ministry's proposal to the urban development ministry to mandate usage of school grounds by neighbourhood children in a 3-km vicinity. With more and more RWAs developing neighbourhood parks, there is no space left for children to play. Despite the Delhi high court's order that a portion of any park can be used as a playground, not many RWAs allow children to play in the parks.For the members of GK-1 RWA, which started a campaign demanding opening of playfields in schools for neighbourhood children in 2008, Monday was a big day. Union sports minister Ajay Maken's proposal to the UD ministry is a result of their efforts. \"For the past three-and-a-half years we have been doing everything possible to keep the issue alive. We had written letters to the sports minister and he accepted our demands,'' said Rajiv Kakria, member of the GK-1 RWA who spearheaded the campaign. He added, \"During our campaign we had organized a walkathon with children. Every child who plays in colony parks might not win an Olympic medal, but those who have won it have played in colony parks.\"RWA members say the concept of colony parks - which ideally should be used by people of all ages for recreational activities - is fast changing. \"We welcome the move. The proposal to earmark 30% of recreational area or park in a colony as playfield for kids without any land use change is a good idea. Private schools which have been given land by DDA at a concessional rate should be asked to open their playfield to neighbourhood children,'' said Keshav Aggarwal, member of CR Park RWA. Children, too, are happy with the move.\"There is no space for us to play cricket. We are not allowed to play in the park, as it has been developed into an ornamental garden. But there are two private schools near my place, so my friends and I can go out and play there,'' said Manish Khanna, who lives in Lajpat Nagar.Till last month, the MCD used to get complaints from RWAs against their own members maintaining MCD parks as they did not allow kids to play sports like cricket, football , etc.\"Despite the Delhi high court ruling, many RWAs didn't allow kids to play. We had to force all RWAs, which were maintaining the parks, to leave a portion of the park for kids,'' said an official posted with the newly formed South Delhi Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13044067", "title": "Police make no headway in BMW accident case", "text": "GURGAON: Three days after a BMW hit a Tata Indigo killing two and injuring four others, the police remain clueless about the whereabouts of the driver of the car. However, investigations have revealed that the BMW car owner's son has previous crime records in Gurgaon.The BMW car owner has been identified as a property dealer, Devendra Sehrawat, resident of Sector 14. He was not available at his residence when police went to interrogate him on Monday. Two people, including a woman, were killed in a head-on collision near IFFCO Tower on Saturday afternoon. The collision had left four others injured and all of them are being treated at Max hospital, Gurgaon. One of the injured is a DU student, Daksh, who was in the BMW. He was in the ICU till Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13042246", "title": "Man stabbed to death in Taloja, cousin held", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A 37-year-old man, Zaheer Patel, who was actively campaigning against an illegal slaughterhouse in Taloja, was stabbed to death on Sunday night, allegedly by some relatives.While the Taloja police have categorically said that the accused are Patel's kin involved in a long-standing property dispute, some animal activists also want the police to probe if Patel was murdered for opposing the illegal slaughterhouse.The victim's cousin, Noor Ahmed Subedar (42), has already been arrested, while his father and two brothers are wanted in the murder case. Names of other three accused are Mohammed Alimiya Subedar, Mohammed Dastagir Subedar and Mohammed Hanif Subedar.According to the FIR, the crime took place around 11pm while Patel was riding his motorcycle in Taloja. His bike was first hit by a Maruti Zen car in which the accused were travelling. They then stabbed Patel multiple times with a knife.Patel is survived by his wife and two kids. Activists of People For Animals said Patel had been making complaints to the police and home ministry against the illegal abattoir in Taloja, creating several enemies.\"We would like the police to investigate this angle as well, as Patel was openly against the slaughterhous,\" said a PFA activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045369", "title": "Patna high court seeks explanation on status of Medical Council of India", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Monday asked the Attorney General of India to explain the status of the Medical Council of India (MCI) which was superseded by the Central government in 2010 before completion of term of its elected body.A division bench, comprising Chief Justice Rekha M Doshit and Justice B P Verma, issued the notice while hearing a writ petition of Dr Vijay Prakash challenging supersession of the MCI whose office-bearers were elected in 2008 for five years up to 2013, but it was superseded by the Central government before completion of tenure of its elected body.In his petition, Dr Prakash submitted that he was elected member of the MCI, but due to its supersession his position was jeopardized. He claimed that after supersession, the MCI was functioning virtually in an ad hoc manner, though the supersession was done through an amendment to the relevant law governing the MCI.Sahityalankar course: The HC on Monday held that the course of Sahityalankar of the Deoghar Vidyapeeth is not equivalent to graduation degree of universities.A single bench of Justice Ajay Kumar Tripathi held this while dismissing writ petitions of assistant teachers, Rita Srivastava and 11 others, who sought promotion to the posts in the subordinate education service by treating the course of Sahityalankar as equal to the graduation degree of universities. Justice Tripathi observed that Sahityalankar certificate is provided for education in Hindi, but it cannot be equated with an university degree.Directive to SSP: A division bench of Justice Navaniti Prasad Singh and Justice Ashwini Kumar Sin ha on Monday directed the Patna SSP to give report regarding steps taken for recovery of dthe aughter of the HC lawyer Ajit Kumar Singh. The girl is traceless from S K Puri police station area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13044938", "title": "Women yet to break information technology glass ceiling", "text": "MUMBAI: Information technology may be a sector where a quarter of the total workforce comprises women, but when it comes to representation at the top the figure is abysmally low. Only one in every 10 senior management positions is occupied by a woman in the Indian IT sector , perceived to be a preferred destination for female employees . In the last three years, IT firms have largely placed women at the entry level positions while the count of mid- to seniorlevel women executives has remained the same.So in effect, while their absolute numbers may be growing, their numbers at the top are not. In 2011, 3% of women occupied senior management roles, while 16% of them were at the midmanagement level and 81% of women were at the junior rung in the IT industry, said a report by a global recruitment firm Kelly Services, made available exclusively to TOI.What is alarming is that a large number of women dropped out of the IT industry due to various reasons at a crucial time of their careers. The research said that while 22% of women left their jobs because of family reasons, 27% of them quit while taking care of their children and 32% of women have not come back to the IT sector because there were no suitable employment opportunities for them. Other reasons given by women for dropping out were child birth, pursuing alternative career interests, taking a hiatus and some chronic illness.\"A big issue confronting the sector is that many women are not finding suitable jobs to come back to after taking a break for 2-3 years despite many efforts being made by companies. This is a huge blow to the overall industry as some of these are top performers and ideally they should have never been let go from the system,\" said says Shruti Guleri , director, operations, Kelly Services India.Mahindra Satyam kicked off a programme \"Starting Out\" last year aimed at getting women associates who are between 35 and 40 years back to work. \"The challenge for women starts in the age group of 28-35 years when they either opt for a job which has less pressure or decide to quit. We as an organization need to give them flexibility at this time,\" says Hari T, Mahindra Satyam's chief people officer.Executive search firms say they get diversity bonuses to get on board women CEOs but they have not had much success . \"It is a matter of another 5-10 years when we will see more women in the top deck. That is largely because these diversity programmes have started in India seriously only in the last decade,\" says K Sudarshan, managing partner, India , EMA Partners, a global executive search firm.A Mercer survey released on Monday said over 90% of Indian companies have gender as their main focus for diversity efforts. The most common diversity programmes offered by Indian firms were gender-related , such as mentoring (61%) and family-friendly policies (55%), said the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13043911", "title": "Dist yet to benefit from youth sports programme", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The East Singhbhum district is yet to reap the benefits of Panchayat Yuva Krida Aur Khel Abhiyan (PYKKA), launched by the Union government four years ago, with a view to widening the horizon of sports and tapping hidden talents from rural India.Out of 232 panchayats in the districts, only 21 panchayats have been able to form PYKKA committees. As per the guidelines, each PYKKA unit will get Rs1lakh for identifying and constructing sports field. Besides this, Rs 25,000 has been sanctioned annually for operational cost and Rs 5,000 and Rs 3,000 will be given to PYKKA secretary at block and panchayat level respectively, for monitoring the affairs.\"Lack of awareness among rural youths about PYKKA and inadequate manpower in the sports department are the two factors responsible for the sorry state of affairs,\" said district sports officer Md Sharvar Imam. However, he was quick to add that there has been some progress in PYKKA implementation. \"In the year 2011-12, we formed 21 PYKKA committees in the district and also released a fund of Rs 2.39crore sanctioned by the Centre, to all the blocks for its utilization,\" said Imam.Athletics, gymnastics, swimming, badminton, table tennis, cycling, archery, taekwondo, weightlifting, boxing, judo, wrestling, kabbadi, kho-kho, hockey, football, volleyball, basketball and handball are the disciplines that have been identified for organising competitions among the panchayat youths.The state government can select 10 sports disciplines out of the 20, while giving preference to both individual sports and team games in the ratio of 60:40. The states can organize competitions in more than 10 disciplines at their own expenses.\"Not only East Singhbhum, the state of affairs of PYKKA in Jharkhand is more or less the same everywhere,\" said a senior official of PYKKA cell under Union ministry of youth affairs and sports, while talking to this correspondent over phoneon Monday.\"The present framework of PYKKA needs few changes for its effective implementation,\" said former Olympian and East Singhbhum District Olympic Association secretary Harbhajan Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13041490", "title": "IPL franchises divided on player retention policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's the business end of IPL 5 but team owners are already busy discussing player-retention policies for the 2014 edition.According to sources, five teams out of nine are in favour of retaining players - numbering from six to eight - from their present teams. However, the other teams are batting for an open auction. The IPL is yet to deliberate on the issue.An IPL source said, \"Some team officials and owners are already talking about how many players should be retained per team in 2014.\" It is learnt that five teams - Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore - have already started discussions on the ideal number of players to be retained. The rest of the gang - Hyderabad, Punjab, Pune and Rajasthan - are in favour of open auctions.An official from a team interested in retaining players said: \"It's natural that teams doing well will be keen to retain players as they have invested so much in them.\"In 2010, the eight existing IPL teams were allowed to retain four cricketers (with a maximum of three Indian players) despite protests from within the franchises.Player contracts following the 2010 auction were for a duration of two years, with an option of renewal in the third year in 2013. There was no retention policy, just a renewal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042320", "title": "Forest policy yet to take off, Oran conservation in quandary", "text": "JAIPUR: Even though a good two years have passed since the state government announced its first-ever forest policy in 2010, the notification is still awaiting active implementation.The Rajasthan State Forest Policy 2010 had acknowledged the importance of Orans that are considered repositories of rich biodiversity and an excellent example of people's religious faith linked with conservation.The aim of the forest policy was to preserve ecological balance through increasing vegetal cover which would help in reducing soil erosion and consequently dust particle in upper stratosphere.\"More than two years have passed since the policy came into the existence, and it is unfortunate that the processes under the policy have not even been initiated, and none of the activities and procedures required under the policy has been carried out,\" said Aman Singh, Krishi Avam Paristhitiki Vikas Sansthan (KRAPAVIS), an NGO which is working to revive Orans.The policy appeared to be a very good document in the beginning, and even had the impressions of a model forestry policy, particularly for sacred groves. One of the strategies of the policy read \"Orans/Dev Vans are islands of good forests and repositories of rich biodiversity. These Orans/Dev Vans are excellent examples of people's religious faith linked with conservation.\"The policy states that efforts will be made to provide necessary financial and legal support to the communities for the preservation of the Orans (Section 5.10.1). \"A lot of discussion has taken place among stakeholders, particularly NGOs and community leaders, but nothing has come out despite 'Oran Forum' having written several times to the concerned authorities,\" said Singh.In the beginning, local communities were excited about their engagement as Section 5.10.3 of the policy said that for management of these Orans/Dev Vans, a committee including local people and trustees of the temple can be constituted and fully empowered to protect these areas, but so far nothing has been done.Though direct beneficiaries from the policy are the rural communities, particularly the pastoral ones, who directly depend on Orans, the indirect beneficiary is the government of India.\"This is because the project also assists India in meeting its legally binding international commitments under the convention on biological diversity (CBD), as the fourth national report of India to the CBD (2009) laid emphasis on promoting conservation of biological diversity of ecosystems, habitats and getting Orans recognised under the Biological Diversity Act of 2002,\" said Singh.\"The policy decisions on Orans haven't really been implemented as the initiative to hand them over to the forest department rests with panchayats. The local panchayats have to hand them over to the forest department for a period of five years for tree plantation. But there are some panchayats that have handed over the Orans to the forest department and we have done tree plantation,\" said V S Singh, additional chief secretary, forests and environment, government of Rajasthan.\"The policy is generalised and lacks any action plan. But among the few specific ones, the policy spoke about establishing a state wildlife crime bureau to speed up investigation of wild life related crimes. But nothing has been done in this regard,\" said Dharmendar Khandal, conservation biologist, Tiger Watch, an NGO.While the policy document recognized that protection staff in the forest department is grossly inadequate and beat guards should be increased, Sariska National Park is still struggling. With 77 beats 230 people are required but the park for years is managing only with 100 people.The policy stressed that, \"For management of these Orans/dev vans a committee of local people and trustees of the temple can be constituted and fully empowered to protect these areas.\" But the same is still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13045397", "title": "Home secretaries to meet on May 24 in Islamabad, likely to ink visa agreement", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home secretary-level talks between India and Pakistan will take place in Islamabad on May 24-25 when the two sides are likely to sign a liberalized visa agreement. The Indian delegation will also press for action against perpetrators of the 26/11 terror attacks, including Lashkar-e-Taiba founder Hafiz Saeed.The new visa agreement, if signed, will allow \"certified\" businessmen from both sides to get one-year multiple-entry \"non-police reporting \" visas. It will also allow them to visit five cities instead of three.The new regime will benefit the elderly from both sides as they will be exempt from police reporting. The two sides will also discuss drug trafficking and the fake currency problem. The Union cabinet gave its nod for signing the pact on April 25. Last week, home minister P Chidambaram said he hoped that the pact for a liberalized visa regime would be signed during the talks.\"I think the liberalized visa regime can be signed if Pakistan is ready. Our Cabinet has approved it. Then we can talk about trade-related matters, we can talk about CBMs along the LoC... I am optimistic,\" he said.The bilateral meeting will be held amid renewed Indo-Pak engagement. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had hosted a lunch for Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari on April 8 when he was in India on a private visit.Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai had said then that the Prime Minster had broached the issue of action against 26/11 perpetrators and activities of Saeed with President Zardari. The Pak President had then suggested that further discussion on Saeed was needed and since the home secretaries of the two countries would be meeting, the issue could be taken up at that time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13041262", "title": "Cops seek closure of two premises for flesh trade", "text": "MARGAO: Acting tough against cases pertaining to flesh trade, the South Goa police has moved the sub divisional magistrate (SDM), Salcete, for closure of two premises located at different places, under the provisions of the Immoral Traffic (prevention) Act, 1956 (ITPA).Sources informed that the police have written to the SDM to initiate the process of closure of a flat at a building complex at Fatorda, and a guest house at Sernabatim, as they were allegedly being used as brothels or to house sex workers. The police, sources added, had carried out raids on these places, following which cases under ITPA were booked against the accused.South Goa SP Arvind Gawas, when contacted, said that the police move applications to the SDM for closure of the premises under Section 18 of the ITPA whenever offences are booked against the accused under the Act or when sex workers are rescued from the premises.Section 18 of the ITPA empowers the magistrate to order closure of a brothel and evict the offenders from the premises, which is located within a distance of 200m from any public place, on receipt of information from the police.SDM Dasharath Redkar, when contacted, confirmed having received the applications. \"I will issue notices to the owners of these premises, and after conducting a hearing, pass an appropriate order,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "exiled bangladeshi author taslima nasreen is controversy's favourite child. whether it's the fatwa on her head or her house arrest in delhi, nasreen cannot stay away from the news for long. her current target is aamir khan and his debut show on tv", "code": "13048272", "title": "Taslima Nasreen angered by Satyamev Jayate!", "text": "Exiled Bangladeshi author Taslima Nasreen is controversy's favourite child. Whether it's the fatwa on her head or her house arrest in Delhi, Nasreen cannot stay away from the news for long. Her current target is Aamir Khan and his debut show on TV: 'Satyamev Jayate'.Nasreen who is known for her charitable causes was angered by the attention that 'Satyamev Jayate' garnered because she felt that feminists and human rights activists were highlighting the same issues that Aamir spoke about on his show but no one seemed to notice them. She vented her anger on a social networking site where she commented that for her next release she would put a pretty actor's face on the cover of her book or simply use his name as author to generate a response.However, she did not fully criticize Khan. She lauded his efforts for raising national awareness on topics like female feticide. Quite a contradiction we must say! No show in recent times has been talked about as much as Aamir's 'Satyamev Jayate': whether its showering praises on the show and supporting it or criticising it for hindering/influencing justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13042064", "title": "B Com's tally shows a steady rise in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: A bachelors degree in commerce is gradually emerging as the most-preferred choice for students and colleges are now adding seats to accommodate the growing number of students interested in the course.Students are increasingly lapping up the various innovative courses that have been designed around the B Com curricula and college authorities report that they have noted a steady rise in demand for courses like B Com Computers along with the regular B Com degree. \"The number of applications received for the many B Com courses has been increasing by at least 15% every year for the last three to four years,\" said Y Ashok, principal of Bhavans Vivekananda College.\"Especially for B Com Computers, the ratio of seats to applicants is 1:7 while for B Com General it is 1:3 and these figures are definitely on the rise. Due to huge demand, in 2010 we doubled the number of seats for B Com Computers to 100,\" the principal added. He said that there were several students who would just sign up for the B Com general course hoping that some space is freed up in the B Com Computers programme.The soaring demand for B Com Computers is evident from the enrolment figures at Loyola Degree College which introduced the course in 2010-11. In the first year itself, the course managed to beat all other B Com courses like B Com Honours, B Com Professional and B Com General with 195 applications sold. Next year that number increased to 327.Meanwhile, St Francis College has added seats in all its B Com courses as students end up taking admission in either one of the remaining programmes if seats are unavailable in B Com Computers and B.Com Professional. College authorities said that, last year, B Com seats had filled up within two hours after opening of admissions.Officials at the Badruka College of Commerce and Arts, among the most preferred colleges for B Com, said that the ratio of seats to applicants for B Com Computers is 1:5 with the number of applicants going up by 25% every year. B Com apart, it is BA Mass Communication which is steadily gaining in appeal among students with city colleges registering a rise in the number of applicants for the course. And, now, more colleges are adding the course to their prospectus.While officials from Villa Marie College said that there had been a 25% yearly increase in applicants for B A Mass Communication for the past three years, St Francis College reports a 30% rise in the demand for the course.St Mary's College Yousufguda had started the course in 2004 with only 14 students whereas, now, it receives hundreds of applications.B Com Computers, B Com General and BA Mass Communication have thus been found to be hogging the top three spots insofar as demand among students is concerned but are facing a strong challenge from the Bachelors in Business Administration (BBA) course which, too, is rapidly gaining in popularity.A total of five colleges in the city introduced the course last year with two more planning to do so this year. St Francis College had started a Bachelors in Management Studies (BMS) programme, a course designed along similar lines, four years back and it is currently the most sought after degree with the ratio of seats to applicants being 1:10. Group discussions have been introduced to screen candidates for this course.Talking about the reason behind the sky-rocketing demand for these courses, Fr Emmanuel, principal, Loyola Degree College, said: \"Nowadays students look for courses which offer better employment prospects. Courses like B Com, BBA and Mass Communication have very wide scope when it comes to job opportunities. That is why an increasing number of students who have studied MPC or BPC in their Intermediate or class XI and XII are shifting to these streams.\"Officials at city colleges state that each year they see around 200 to 400 students from science background seeking admission into B Com, BA Mass Communication or BBA courses which forms around 10% to 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13045258", "title": "Two-day camp to train Census officials", "text": "VARANASI: A two-day training camp of master trainers and charge officers of socio-economic and caste based Census is going to be organised at the Cultural Complex, Chowkaghat on May 14 and 15.Chanchal Kumar Tiwari, the divisional commissioner, held a meeting of officials to review the preparations of the census programme on Monday. He instructed the chief development officers of all districts to provide the lists of master trainers and charge officers to the CDO of Varanasi by May 9.The divisional commissioner shared that the master trainers trained at the divisional level would give training to pragnaks (enumerators) and supervisors in their respective districts. As many as 49 master trainers have been identified in Varanasi, while there are 26 master trainers in Chandauli, 48 in Ghazipur and 61 in Jaunpur. Similarly, there would be 1,820 enumerators in Varanasi, 1,018 in Chandauli, 2,045 in Ghazipur and 2,458 in Jaunpur, while the number of supervisors are 303 in Varanasi, 170 in Chandauli, 341 in Ghazipur and 410 in Jaunpur.According to the divisional commissioner, the enumerators would be given tablets to collect required data and information in their respective areas. The data collected in the tablets would be fed into the computer and later it would be published inviting claims and objections. The objections would be addressed at the level of block development officers.Based on the requirement, the tablets would be procured from Bangalore and stored at Allahabad for distribution in the districts. The municipal commissioner would be the in charge of the census programme in urban area, while additional district magistrate (finance/revenue) would look after the census in rural areas.The divisional commissioner also reviewed the preparations for the voters awareness mela going to be organised for the local bodies elections in the district on May 8 and 13.The electronic voting machines would be used in the election of municipal corporation, while ballot papers and ballot boxes would be used in the election of Nagar Palika and Nagar Panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042571", "title": "Bhopal goes without thalassemia centre", "text": "BHOPAL: Even while the prevalence of thalassemia is quite high in the state capital, there are no organized societies to register the cases or patients in the hospitals of Bhopal. Also, lack of transplant facilities in the city have patients and attendants running from pillar to post at faraway places like Delhi, Pune and Vellore.Dr Hakimuddin Malvi, a haematologist and president of the Bhopal Haemotology Society said, \"Bone marrow transplant is the only authentic cure of thalassemia. Currently, there are no bone marrow transplant facilities in the city.\"But thalassemic patients may not have to wander far for getting transplants done. Dr T P Sahoo, director department of cancer and haematology, Chirayu Hospital said, \"The hospital is in the process of setting up the first bone marrow transplant facility along with radiotherapy within a year.\"Chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Pankaj Shukla, \"A thalassemia Centre at Hamidia Hospital is also in the offing.\" The centre at Hamidia would have an advanced transfusion centre, iron chelation therapy and would educate people on the curative modality. Also it would look after preventive action i.e. all the enlisted patients would be screened before pregnancy.Dr Rahul Bhargava, Consultant - Haematology and Bone Marrow-transplant, Medanta Medicity, Gurgaon said, \"There are 25 % chances that two Thalassemia minors may give birth to a Thalassemia major. Hence they need to be screened. During 9-12 week of pregnancy, the foetus can be checked whether it is a minor or a major.\"He added, \"Work is being done only in the cure of the disease which costs around Rs 30 lakh. If the preventive measures are taken then it would cost only Rs 10,000.\"Divisional commissioner Praveen Garg on being asked about Thalassemia Centre in Bhopal said, \"The doctors first have to plan it out and send a proposal. Funds are not a constraint.\" Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava dean Gandhi Medical College said, \"A long-term proposal is being chalked out for the Thalassemia Centre. The details about funds, posts etc are being worked out.\"He added, \"Blood transfusion would only be carried out on admitted patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13043017", "title": "Errant auto drivers face RTO heat", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik RTO has started cracking down on errant erring autorickshaw drivers who do not ply by meter and break traffic rules.The RTO seized 74 autos from the Bhadhrakali area, Nashik Road, Bytco and Old Gangapur Naka and also lodged cases against nearly a 100 autos for rickshaws not having the required documents during a drive launched between Monday and Saturday. Informing more in this regard, deputy RTO officer Jayant Patil said that their primary focus was to is to ensure that all autos had proper meters installed. if all the autos had rickshaws have proper meters and the action was mainly for the same.Meter fares have now been doing the rounds in the city for the last three weeks. It is now three weeks that fare by meter is making rounds in the city.Initially, auto the rickshaw drivers went on a strike demanding a fare revision n the fare to ensure that rickshaw drivers plied by meter, which was followed by an RTO meeting of the Regional Transport Authority on April 20 where the revised fare was then decided upon in the hope that that following this autos in the city would soon ply by meter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13041084", "title": "'Apna Ghar is dumping ground for NGOs'", "text": "PANAJI: Amidst the controversy of juveniles from the state-run home Apna Ghar being taken by gangsters in connivance with caretakers to use them as muggers, comes the allegation that NGOs are \"dumping\" children at the home.\"Of the 30 new admissions from 3/1/12 till date, 12 children have been brought by Childline/Jan Ugahi making Apna Ghar a dumping ground,\" four South Goa child welfare committee (CWC) members, including chairperson Martha Mascarenhas, have alleged in a letter to women and child director Sanjiv Gadkar.CWC is composed of a chairperson and four members and looks into issues of children in need of care and shelter lodged at Apna Ghar. Jan Ugahi's Bernadette D'Souza, popularly known as Bernie in NGO circles, was the fifth CWC (South) member, till she resigned.When TOI contacted CWC (South) members and asked them to explain how Apna Ghar has become as dumping ground, Mascarenhas only said, \"These are internal matters. We can only say that she (Bernie) has tendered her resignation as her role as a CWC member was conflicting with her role as an NGO.\"Juvenile justice board (South) member Auda Viegas said, \"Some NGOs who have representatives on CWC are poaching on children lodged at Apna Ghar. When they require funds, they take the children to homes run by them and later dump these children at Apna Ghar.\"CWC (South), which wrote to Gadkar after Bernie tendered her resignation, alleged that on March 30, 2012, the situation was out of control and Bernie \"crossed the limits by overruling a decision of four members in releasing a child (name withheld) to the mother who was admitted by her organization Childline/Jan Ugahi; and wrote another roznama\". On March 31, four members signed the first roznama releasing the child to the mother's custody and Bernie wrote another roznama stating that the decision was illegal.Sources said Bernie submitted her resignation after CWC (South) members wrote to her on April 11, 2012, alleging that she was functioning more as a member of an NGO Jan Ugahi/Childline, rather than as a CWC member. It was further alleged that she was wasting unnecessary time on discussions and arguments which hamper speedy disposal of cases. CWC further wrote that Bernie was being \"stubborn\", \"wanting her own way\" rather than \"considering interests of the children\" and quoting rules and laws \"whenever it suits you regarding the welfare of the children\".In her resignation, Bernie stated that she doesn't feel free to express her opinions as her opinion \"is looked upon as a waste of time and hampering the speedy disposal of cases\". TOI attempted to contact Bernie, but she didn't respond.Gadkar said, \"I have received Bernie's resignation and forwarded it to the government.\" He added that Apna Ghar is a children's home and any child who requires care and shelter will be admitted in the home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042357", "title": "After excise, jewellers demand roll back on tax collection at source", "text": "NAGPUR: Now that union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has announced to roll back excise duty on unbranded ornaments as well as existing levy on branded ones, jewellers are hoping for a rollback on tax collection at source (TCS) on purchase of ornaments too.The minister has increased the threshold for TCS to Rs 5 lakh from Rs 2 lakh, as proposed in the budget. However, traders under the aegis of All India Gems and Jewellery Federation (AIGJF), will be reaching Delhi to discuss nitty-gritty of the new provisions with TCS also likely to be on the agenda.TCS is a system of taxing purchases so as to bring the entire chain of transaction within the tax net, as it helps in keeping track of the buyers' income. The seller has to collect and deposit tax on behalf of the buyer.Jewellers being wary of TCS show that they fear any kind of accountability. Even excise duty would have led to accountability in the trade as it was required to keep elaborate records. Gold is known to be a source of stacking unaccounted wealth. However, if TCS can spell trouble only for the buyer, the reason behind jewellers opposing the tax hints that they are scared of their unaccounted deals getting exposed too, said a source in this business. He lamented that scraping the existing duty on branded ornaments will only lead to a higher cut in government's revenue projections.Nitin Khandelwal, a director in AIGJF, said that there are several issues which have to be understood in fine print, such as the TCS. Although the threshold has been increased to Rs 5 lakh, jewellers had expected a total rollback. Pradeep Kothari of city-based M/s Karan Kothari Jewellers said the provision would be cumbersome to the consumers. With the price of gold crossing Rs 29,000 per 10 grams mark, purchases up to Rs 5 lakh are common. \"Even buyers from rural areas purchase as much as this during weddings. Tax on purchases would be indeed burdensome,\" said Kothari.Another businessman, however, contradicted saying that even in cities like Nagpur not many buy gold worth Rs 5 lakh at a time.Meanwhile, there were festivities at Itwari Sona Oli, the hub for jewellery trade in city. Rajesh Rokde of M/s Bhaiyaji Jewellers said it was only because government did not take the trade into confidence, the tax had to be finally rolled back.\"The levy was a prelude for introducing goods and services tax (GST). So if the government is indeed serious about GST, it should have not given in to any kind of pressure,\" said Ashok Chandak, former president of Institute of chartered accountants of India, and a strong proponent of GST regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13043811", "title": "Senior Maoist leader surrenders in Malkangiri", "text": "KORAPUT: Severing his 10 years association with the outlawed CPI (Maoist), a deputy commander rank Naxal leader surrendered to police in Malkangiri district on Monday.Raiman Pangi (25), alias Ramesh, a resident of Datunguda village under Chitrakonda police limits in the district, is the third rebel to surrender in the state in the past 10 days.On April 27, a woman cadre identified as Nirmala had surrendered to Malkangiri police, while Prasant Majhi (22), alias Susanta, who was the bodyguard of Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda, laid down arms in Gajapati district on May 4.Pangi said he was frustrated over the highhandedness of Maoists from Andhra Pradesh over Odia cadres and the rebel organization's deviation from its main aim. \"Telugu Maoists torture Odia cadres in the organization. Naxals from Odisha are not treated well. I revolted against it many times but to no avail,\" Pangi told mediapersons in the district headquarter town of Malkangiri.\"I had joined the organization with an aim to do something for the development of tribals. But the Maoist organization has deviated from its aim of working for the people and it is mostly involved in murder and extortion of money. That is why I decided to quit the organization,\" he added.According to police, Pangi had joined the Bal Sanghatan (children's wing) of the Maoist organization at the age of 15 and in 2005 he was included in the Central Regional Committee (CRC)-1 of the Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC), affiliated to the CPI (Maoist), which is responsible for executing major offensives of the organization.\"He had participated in several incidents of violence in Koraput and Malkangiri districts. With successful execution of tasks assigned to him, Pangi rose to the rank of deputy commander in the Naxal hierarchy. He is one of the important cadres and was also on our wanted list,\" said DIG (south-west police range) Saumeyendra Priyadarsi.\"For a brief period, Pangi was the bodyguard of top Maoist leader Ram Krishan and used to be in-charge of security arrangements during the visit of top Maoist leaders into the AOBSZC area,\" the DIG added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13045304", "title": "Bhadaini Ghat: Quite 'ill' yet supplies water to city", "text": "VARANASI: Extracted, exploited and left, these three words aptly describe the condition of Bhadaini Ghat, better known as water supplying ghat of the city that quenches the thirst of the people. The water pumping stations and water intake works possessing towering structures at the ghat make it round-the-clock lively ghat. The ravaged stairs and broken platforms at the imposing ghats have made it a pass-by ghat in the southern parts of the city.When TOI visited the ghat on Monday, it presented a disorganised look with ravaged stairs and broken platforms, parts of which found to be immersed into Ganga. The banks of the ghat gave a shoddy look, with heap of garbage and wastes including rotten flowers, garlands and plastic bags dumped along the stairs. The ghat also carried debris of ravaged boats, the wooden structures found to be scattered along the stairs and platforms. Devout queued up to take holy dip into the Ganga along the neighbouring Janki ghat, none could dare to perform the act at Bhadaini ghat.Apart from construction of standing wall made of brick and stone for water pumping station in early part of 20th century and another construction of wall for raw water intake works about 15 years back, the ghat has not witnessed any efforts to give it strengthened and renovated look. It remains one of the worst ghats during the monsoon season, when the holy river swell and every year it takes toll on pucca stairs and stony platforms. People refrain from taking bath at the ghat, as it is one of the most dangerous ghats to perform the act, said Lallan Majhi, one of the local natives and septuagenarian boatmen residing in the area.It may be mentioned that water is lifted and pumped at Bhadeni raw water pumping station and taken to Bhelupur water works, where it is treated stored and distributed. The raw water extracted from Ganga at Bhadeni gets treated at the two water treatment plants in Bhelupur water works.The water intake facility at the ghat was witnessing new look. The old circular pipes to extract water to prevent overflow during monsoon was found to be non-functional and choked with stones and pebbles lying in the pipe. Similarly, unhygienic drains at the ghats were also found to be oozing water, which was flowing directly into the Ganga without any check points.According to Usha Shahi, one of the family members of rulers of Sitamarhi state in Bihar , which has properties including the old building at the ghat, a number of efforts have been made in the past to attract attention of district officials and Varanasi Nagar Nigam to ensure maintenance of the ghat, but all the efforts have turned futile. It is one of the most important ghats, supplying water to almost half the city. It deserves better treatment.Regional tourism officer Dinesh Kumar said that it was not included among the seven ghats that witnessed renovation and beautification project in 2008-09. He maintained that there is no immediate proposal to start renovation and facelift of the ghat.Historical significance: The Bhadaini Ghat is the most famous and sacred Ghat in Varanasi. This Ghat is named after the famous sun shrine. It is also related with Bhadaini Teerth, one of the important Jain Teerth (pilgrimage).The history of this teerth starts with the 11th teerthankar of current chouveesi Shri Shreyansnath Bhagwan. It is the place of four Kalyanak of Shri Shreyansnath Bhagwan. Some part of the history of this period is provided with Bhelupur Teerth.The ghat has not witnessed any efforts for its renovation. It remains one of the worst ghats during the monsoon season, when the holy river swells and every year it takes a toll on the pucca stairs and stone platforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13043882", "title": "Lovers attempt suicide in front of MLA\u2019s house", "text": "MYSORE: Accusing Heggadadevana Kote MLA Chikkanna of allegedly interfering in their personal life, two lovers attempted suicide by consuming toxic-laced liquid in front of his house in H D Kote on Monday.They have been admitted to a hospital and their condition is said to be stable. Police said the MLA was not at the spot when the couple - Kumari,20, and Manju,25, attempted suicide. The MLA said he was not aware of the incident. After the girl's father Puttaiah committed suicide by hanging at their residence in H D Kote on Sunday, the duo, who eloped on April 29, appeared on Monday and tried to kill themselves accusing the leader and Chandru, one of his supporters, of opposing their relationship. Police said Chandru, a GP member, and a relative of Kumari, and Manju were divided over the issuing of tender for fishing.This led to a dispute between Chandru and Manju. Meantime, Manju eloped with Kumari fearing that it would affect their relationship. SP R Dileep claimed that though the duo eloped in April last, they had not received any missing complaint from their relatives. However, the girl's mother visited Beechanahalli police on May 3 claiming that her daughter was missing. But no complaint was registered. According to preliminary probe, there was an altercation between the MLA, SI and the politicians over several issues related to the local administration. \"I don't know anything about the incident as I was not at home. When I returned, I was informed about two persons attempting suicide,\" the MLA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043683", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Delhi brass remain at helm of new civic bodies", "text": "NEW DELHI: With hardly any applicants for the newly created posts after MCD trifurcation, many heads of departments of the erstwhile civic body have been given additional charge to look after all the three corporations.Officials say the MCD received only two applications for 19 posts. MCD was supposed to finish the appointment of new department heads for the three corporations by April-end. \"We have not received too many applications. Still, we are hopeful that the process will be completed before the new corporations are formed,\" said a senior MCD official. It will take at least two months to appoint the department heads, the official said.Even after the split, some departments will function as if under a unified corporation till the posts are filled. Also, the three commissioners will hold their review meetings together for the time being. \"As of now, we have asked the department heads to look after the functioning of all the corporations as a whole.In some departments where we had an eligible candidate, we have divided the work. For instance, the present director for press and information will look after all the three corporations,'' the official said.The present department heads, such as CA-cum-CFO, assessor and collector, press and information, director of horticulture, will work as if in a unified corporation. The officials with additional charge will ensure proper shifting of records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13042250", "title": "One dead, 7 feared drowned in tank at Adani thermal power project", "text": "GONDIA: One worker has been confirmed dead while search operations are on for the remaining seven or eight workers who were cleaning a tank of Adani thermal plant near Tiroda on Monday when water was inadvertently released into the tank.The deceased has been identified as Santosh Bisen of Berdipar village. Two other youths from the village, one identified as Umesh Patle, are believed to be still trapped inside. One youth has been rescued and sent to hospital in critical condition, sources said.Following the accident, workers at the factory reportedly created ruckus in the plant and also damaged two vehicles. Sources said that an ambulance was set afire and the infrastructure of the fire department was completely damaged. Immediately after this all workers were asked to go home and the police were summoned. Normalcy restored after the police arrived.According to information from the plant, work of cleaning of a water tank was going on in Adani thermal plant by workers of IVRCL company. Inadvertently, water was released in this tank with full flow without any notice to the workers. Some 7 to 8 workers at the site were feared trapped inside the tank and drowned.A media statement by Adani management confirmed the death of Santosh Bisen, a contract labourer with IVRCL Ltd. The statement does not give any details of the accident at around 11.00am during installation of a cooling water pipe at the under construction power plant. The company has also ordered an investigation.Vice president (civil) of IVRCL OP Bharadwaj too confirmed the incident and said that washing of the tank was going on when inadvertently water was released in the tank trapping a few workers. However, he refused to quote a specific number, saying it would be too premature as the rescue operation was going on.Another version of the accident said work on a pipeline was going on when the pipeline burst and some 7 to 8 labourers were feared drowned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13042282", "title": "Top I-T, SBI officials involved in Rs 3 crore tax refund scam: Cops", "text": "THANE: The Thane police, struggling to crack down on the tax refund scam that has taken the income tax department for a ride and defrauded the central exchequer of around Rs 3 crore, has concluded that the scam involved high-ranking officials from the I-T department and the State Bank of India. Thane police chief KP Raghuvanshi has asked the state police chief to hand over probe to the CBI.The fraud-involving two I-T offices in Thane and Kalyan-was planned by those familiar with the I-T office functioning.For over two years, 2007-2008 and 2008-2009, the I-T officials disbursed tax refund cheques drawn from the SBI and credited into the account of fictitious assessees in a credit society in Dombivli. As many as 331 such tax refund cheques, some exceeding Rs 1 lakh, were subsequently routed to the Dombivli Nagri Cooperative Bank and funds withdrawn.\"The plot went unnoticed for close to two years. But an audit query within the I-T department exposed the scam. An I-T official went to the Naupada police station to report it. However, when the police officer said that the scam involved an insider and the probe would lead to the arrest of I-T officials, the complainant left the police station without registering any offence. After a gap of nine months, the department realized the seriousness of the scam and filed an FIR,'' a police official tsaid .Probe led to the arrest of five persons, all of whom belonged to the credit society, but the real culprits remained elusive. \"The I-T refunds are account payee cheques, which can't ne transferred. Despite this, all 331 refund orders were credited to the third party account of a credit society,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043859", "title": "Health ministry took bribes from private colleges: Maneka Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad faced embarrassment in Parliament on Monday that coincided with government passing the MCI Amendment Bill in Lok Sabha , despite UPA ally Trinamool Congress voting against it.BJP MP Maneka Gandhi accused the health ministry of taking bribes to allow private colleges to function the present board of governors of MCI. Another BJP MP Sanjay Jaiswal plans to move a privilege motion against Azad on Tuesday for misleading the House. He enlisted 15 points in support of his argument.While BJP voted against the bill, uproarious scenes were witnessed in the House with Maneka having heated exchanges with Azad over `massive corruption' in grant of licences to medical colleges.Opposition MPs demanded withdrawal of the bill saying the decision to extend the tenure of the board is \"undemocratic\". They insisted that a democratically elected body should be constituted to rule the MCI.The Bill was later passed by 100 votes in favour and 57 against after BJD member Tathagata Satpathy sought a division. There was no abstention. The Left and BJD MPs staged a walkout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043366", "title": "Armed forces ready to meet any challenge: AK Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Army chief General VK Singh's letter on ammunition shortages, government on Monday said it was working towards a speedy solution to make up the shortfall and made it clear that the armed forces were ready to meet any challenge.Replying to supplementaries during question hour, defence minister AK Antony also sought to down play Gen Singh's letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , saying that the three chiefs write such letters to him and the PM occasionally.Antony said that after Gen Singh's letter to the PM, he had held two meetings with the Army Chief, senior Army officers and defence ministry officials. \"We found deficiencies in certain areas. There were some deficiencies in general staff qualitative requirement (GSQR) by Army, some issues had arisen due to blacklisting of Israel's IMI, Rheinmetall Air Defence of Germany. This had also led to delays,\" Antony said.The government was taking decisions to speed up procurement, the minister told the House. \"Two rounds of discussions have been held. We are working towards a speedy solution. As far as the Armed Forces are concerned, they are ready to face any challenge,\" he declared.Noting that shortage of equipment was not a one-day affair, Antony pointed out that even during the height of Kargil War, the then government was importing ammunition on a day-to-day basis from Russia .He said that while 558 contracts worth Rs 1.35 lakh crore were awarded for various modernization schemes under the 10th Plan, the amount increased three times in the 11th Plan.\"Under the 11th Plan, 780 contracts worth Rs 350, 430 crore (were signed). Almost three times of the 10th Plan. We also spent almost the entire amount allotted to defence for modernization. Last year also we spent 99%,\" he said.Antony also told the House that the Tatra trucks were also procured during the NDA regime, including 1950 vehicles during the Operation Parakram, to prove that it was not just the present UPA regime that procured the all-terrain vehicles.The government assured the Lok Sabha that transparency would be maintained in the ongoing procurement process for 197 helicopters for defence forces after the earlier Eurocopter deal was scrapped.Antony informed said while replying to questions during question hour that the Eurocopter deal was cancelled after some anomalies were discovered.\"There was a proposal by the Indian army and the Air Force to procure 197 helicopters from Eurocopter. It was in final stages and the contract was about to be signed. We received some complaints of malpractices in trials,\" he said.Antony maintained that he immediately ordered an inquiry and found there was truth in the complaints. \"Eurocopter contract was cancelled immediately,\" he said. Subsequently, a new request for proposals (RFP) for 197 helicopters was issued.\"When the process was in final stages, again we got a series of complaints from MPs ... We decided to appoint a special technical oversight committee,\" the minister said.The procurement process for these choppers is on. \"After going through everything, if anything goes wrong we will again cancel it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13043215", "title": "KS Eshwarappa in Nepal despite CM\u2019s directive", "text": "BANGALORE: State BJP president KS Eshwarappa is on a foreign trip to Nepal despite a directive from chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda that all ministers should be in the state overseeing drought-relief measures, Party insiders said Eshwarappa has gone to Pashupatinath temple in Kathmandu with his family.Gowda, however, defended Eshwarappa's trip saying it is a religious visit.\"Eshwarappa has gone to Nepal on a temple visit, not for any other purpose,\" the chief minister said on Monday. The BJP chief is likely to return on Wednesday. The CM had recalled social welfare minister A Narayanaswamy, who had gone to the US on a personal visit with his family last week. Citing the drought situation, Gowda had cancelled last month's visit to Singapore and Japan to woo investors.A team of legislators, who had planned to go on 18-day junket to Europe, postponed the trip to June-July after the CM intervened. Recently, the government issued a circular telling officials to put off government-sponsored foreign tours for a couple of months and concentrate on implementing drought-relief work. However, there is no bar on official visits if the foreign tour is sponsored by non-governmental agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13042986", "title": "Dr Shukla in judicial Ex-CMO in cop Judicial custody till May 21", "text": "LUCKNOW: A CBI court here on Monday remanded former chief medical officer, Lucknow, Dr A K Shukla, in judicial custody until May 21 on charges of conspiring to kill CMO, family welfare, Dr V K Arya on October 27, 2010. CBI judge Mirza Zeenat posted Shukla's bail application for May 9. The court will also take up CBI's application for his 10-day remand on the same day.In its application, the CBI said Shukla was arrested on the basis of the statement of witnesses who claimed they had heard him say more than once that he wanted to \"eliminate\" Arya. Arya's was the first murder linked to NRHM scam; it's volume is now pegged at over Rs 5,700 crore and has claimed five lives so far.According to a source, the CBI doesn't have any concrete evidence against Shukla. \"The functioning of the agency is just like that of the police, which is known to make arrests merely on the basis of statement of witnesses,\" the source added.Earlier, CBI sleuths called Shukla late on Sunday night for questioning. He was arrested post-midnight. CBI asserts that Arya was killed following an alleged dispute over sharing of booty in multi-crore NRHM scam. Sources said that to ascertain the motive behind Arya's murder, CBI wanted to take Shukla in 10-day remand.Meanwhile, the court directed the jail suprintendent to provide health facility to Shukla as he complained of serious ailments. The court also said that he may send his representation to the district magistrate and jail suprintendent with regard to his safety and security in jail after he expressed threat to his life in prison.The NRHM scam came to light after Arya and his successor, Dr BP Singh, were shot in within a span of six months. Police had then said that a deputy CMO YS Sachan was the mastermind. But Sachan was himself found dead inside Lucknow jail where he was lodged for his role in the scam.Shukla was CMO, Lucknow, when Arya and Singh were murdered. He was earlier arrested on July 12, 2011, for alleged misappropriation of NRHM funds but released on bail on August 30, 2011. Now, the CBI says that it has evidence to link NRHM scam with the murder of Arya and Shukla was the co-conspirator behind the murder along with Sachan.Although CBI claims it has evidence against Shukla, questions are being raised over its functioning. After the CBI took over investigation, three more mysterious deaths of officials related to NRHM have taken place. The probe is going slow and of 41 people named in the FIR, only 14 \"small fries\" have been arrested. Among politicians, Kushwaha was arrested in March 2012 but no chargesheet was filed against him.CBI officers denied they were lackadaisical in probing the case and said more arrests would be made soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043709", "title": "800 group D posts in new civic bodies slashed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The leaders at the three new corporations will have to make do with less number of helping hands, with the Directorate of Local Bodies slashing up to 800 group D posts, including those of drivers, peons and security guards. DLB has abolished 400 posts for peons, 150 for drivers and another 125 for security guards. In the same order, however, it has created 300 posts for A and B category officials, amounting to an additional annual salary expenditure of Rs 25 crore.Following the order, Mahinder Nagpal, leader of House in the north corporation, has got only one peon and one steno to manage his work. The leader of House of the erstwhile MCD used to get three peons, two stenographers, a personal assistant and a driver. Nagpal is yet to get an official car and a driver. \"We are already running short of staff with the trifurcation of municipal bodies. How can DLB do this?\" said Nagpal.\"It will hamper work in our corporation. DLB will have to explain the logic behind the same,\" demands Subhash Arya, leader of House in the south corporation.DLB director R K Srivastava was not available for comments. However, a senior officer said on the condition of the anonymity that \"the decision was probably taken to solve the problem of ghost employees\". MCD had allegedly caused a loss of about Rs 500 crore to the public exchequer in the last five years by paying salaries to hundreds of its employees who had not even been appointed.At MCD, mayors were given five peons, two drivers and several support staff. Following the trifurcation, there are three mayors, three commissioners, at least a dozen of additional and deputy commissioners and around 50 departmental heads.At the senior level, DLB has added 300 posts, including 30 in the engineering department, 85 in town planning, 22 in health, 14 in horticulture, 49 in community services, 27 in information technology and 47 in the audit departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13043499", "title": "Five major traffic junctions in Malappuram await facelift", "text": "MALAPPURAM: As part of the beautification works carried out in the Malappuram town, five major traffic junctions in the town will soon get a facelift. The master plan for the development works at the junctions would be ready by the end of this month.It was last year that the Malappuram municipality decided to renovate the Kizhakethala, Kottappadi, Police Station Junction, Kavungal and Machingal junctions, as part of the beautification works being carried out in the town. The District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC) had offered a financial support of Rs 1 crore to implement the project. However, the municipality could not commence the work last year and the proposal has been carry forwarded to the 2012-13 financial year.A revised project report will be prepared after the approval of ward-level committee meetings and municipal-level development seminars.Municipal chairman K P Musthafa said that the ward-level sabha meetings would be completed by May 15 and the seminars also would be completed soon. \"We are hopeful that the final project report with master plan and designs would be ready by May end,\" he said.Though there would not be any change in the plan and design, the estimated cost may increase. he said adding that there would not be any change in the present plan and design, even though the there is a chance for increase in the amount of estimated cost of the project.The beautification works will be done with private participation. Three private firms have already approached the municipality evincing interest to associate with the project.\"Federal Bank and Appollo Jewellers have agreed to sponsor the beautification works at Kottappadi, and Kizhakkethala Junctions,\" said Musthafa. The decision regarding the remaining works would be taken soon.He also said that Manorama Junction in Kunnummal would be redesigned after the completion of work at the five junctions.\"As private players have come up with various offers, the municipality is planning to utilize the amount earmarked for the project for the proposed works at the Kottakkunnu Park,\" the chairman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13043931", "title": "Love for football: Summer coaching camp attracts budding players", "text": "MYSORE: Even as the world is going gaga over cricket, football fever is fast gripping the city and the lovers of the game seem to be leaving no stone unturned to hone their skills.What stands testimony to this fact is the rise in the number of youngsters taking part in the annual summer football coaching camp organized at the University of Mysore football grounds by the department of physical education.There is an overwhelming response for the annual camp which began six years ago. Every year, nearly 100 children are groomed in the camp. After finishing the camp, most of the players tend to continue the game and represent school, college, university and state teams.This camp has become a right platform for many promising football players in Mysore.\"The camp provides an opportunity for young athletes to learn and build upon football fundamentals and skills. The summer camp will concentrate on skill and fitness session with constant monitoring of every child. Children will be divided into age specific groups and trained accordingly. To provide the best possible coaching, the department employs senior coaches and experienced football players. Our coaches are dedicated to bring out the best in each child,\" said coach KR Prakash.Apart from various techniques of the game, more importance is given to fitness and discipline, he added. The coaches teach techniques and fundamentals valuable to a player's success at a specific position. Youngsters rotate their groups to ensure that each participant get a chance to experience each position and learn the fundamentals of football, Prakash, who is assisted by coaches Ramani, Gururaj, Purushotham and K Gopinath, said. It is the only centre in Mysore which imparts football coaching during summer. Many parents say that football is the ultimate sport for children to improve their fitness level. \"Football is the ideal sport to improve fitness and discipline,\" said Akbar Shariff, whose son Rayan Shariff is attending the camp for the past two years. \"I want to become a good football player and at the same time want to improve my fitness level. The coaches here give equal importance to both football skills and fitness,\" N A Hemanth, a student of Rotary School, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13042941", "title": "Unable to wait for marriage, lovebirds jump to death", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A young couple jumped off Ellisbridge on Monday morning holding each other's hands, apparently as they could not wait any longer to get married.A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) personnel recovered their bodies from the Sabarmati river after an hour-long operation.According to Ellisbridge police, they got a call at 10:35 am from some passerby who saw the couple jump off the bridge hand-in-hand. A police team soon rushed to the riverfront even as AFES personnel started the rescue work. The fire brigade officials, however, could not save the couple who died by drowning.The duo was identified as 25-year-old Raju Asodiya, a native of Siddhpur in Patan district; and 22-year-old Rinku Parmar, a resident of Tajpur Patiya near Gomtipur. Asodiya was identified from his voter I-card found from his wallet, whereas Parmar was identified late in the evening after Asodiya's relatives rushed to the spot and identified her as his girlfriend.Sub-inspector AK Goswami of Ellisbridge told TOI that they questioned the couple's relatives when they got to know that it was a love story gone awry. \"Asodiya's family members said that he was working at a factory near Gomtipur when he came in touch with Rinku. The couple started seeing each other. After initial refusal and protest, the families had agreed to get them engaged soon,\" he said.He added that the twist came earlier this year when Asodiya's elder brother's engagement got delayed. As a norm, Asodiya could not go for engagement or marriage before his brother and thus had asked Rinku to wait for some time. The wait of more than nine months became unbearable for the couple and they decided to end life.\"We are also probing other angles in the case to know what caused them to end life when the family members were in favour of their marriage sooner or later. We have not found any suicide note from the spot,\" said Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "13045023", "title": "\u2018Ticketless French national attacked passengers first\u2019", "text": "KARNAL: The ticket examiner on board the train in which French national Frank Wilfred was assaulted was allegedly part of the lynch mob. This disclosure was made by Government Railway Police (GRP) during a hearing at the Karnal district court. Wilfred died of his injuries at PGI Chandigarh and the TTE was arrested two days after the assault. On Monday, he was remanded in custody till May 19.GRP told the court that TTE Manoj Kumar along with co-passengers and kitchen staff of Sachkhand Express attacked Wilfred on April 29. The TTE said he can identify passengers who thrashed Wilfred.Kumar said Wilfred was a free tripper and he turned violent when he wanted to check his ticket. The French national kicked him and a pregnant woman which led to a scuffle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13042904", "title": "Notice to jail superintendent to produce Kamal Chouhan on June 11", "text": "INDORE: The Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC) Depalpur on Monday issued notice to the Panchkula jail superintendent to produce the Samjhauta blast accused Kamal Chouhan before it on June 11. The notice was served following a complaint filed on behalf of Chouhan by his family members in the court.Defence lawyer Amit Singh Sisodia said that Chouhan moved the court against National Investigation Agency officer Vishal Garg and local police station in-charge for taking him away at gun point. He said that his client lodged a complaint that he was being ill-treated by the Panchakula jail officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042437", "title": "Cine museum will be built only after Coastal Regulation Zone nod: Films Division of India", "text": "MUMBAI: Films Division of India told the Bombay HC on Monday that it will construct a national museum on Indian cinema on its premises at Pedder Road only after getting the Coastal Regulation Zone nod.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a PIL filed by four housing societies-St Helen's Court, Sterling Apartments, Sett Minar and Ajoomal Mansion-alleging that the proposed museum, amphitheatre and basement parking violates CRZ norms. They also said residents will face hardship as \"1,200 visitors\" are expected daily.But FDI's counsel R V Desai and advocate Advait Sethna said work is being conducted with relevant permission. The judges directed four officer-bearers of the societies to be allowed inspection of the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13048435", "title": "Open admiration for Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "Actor Sachin Parikh who is currently playing Sanjay Vyas in Sudhir Sharma's show Na Bole Tum Na Meine Kuch Suna is a nal ltime admirer of Amitabh Bacchan.He has seen all his fimls till date and never misses his any film and can watch same films over and over again. He confirms, \"\" Big B is my favourite star and will always remain. I have seen his films right from childhood and loved the way he did justice to all the characters he has played. From Deewar, Trishul to agneepath and Kabhi khushi kabhi Kam, Black and cheeni kam I have lvoed al lhisfilms. After entering the industry, I heard a lot about his professionalism and approach towards work. it's my heart desire to share screen space with a living legend like Amitabh Bacchan\"\". Well Sachin it's good to dream big because it only wh odream big find way to achieve their dreams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13043868", "title": "Keonjhar truckers stage economic blockade", "text": "KEONJHAR: Truck owners' association of Keonjhar, Joda and Barbil started an indefinite economical blockade on Monday, bringing mineral transportation on railway lines to a halt. The truck owners are protesting against the administration not allowing transportation of minerals on trucks outside the district to various ports and industries. The association said the blockade will continue till their demand is fulfilled, after a discussion with the administration and mining companies on Friday was foiled.The government had imposed the restriction on the trucks after a high level meeting due to the NH215 being unsafe owing to old bridges, traffic congestion and pollution by the trucks plying outside the district.\"The administration has not paid heed to our demand. The administration has imposed restriction on transportation of minerals on trucks since the past one year. As a result, families of thousands of truck owners of the district are living in poverty. Despite several reminders the administration did not pay attention to our demand, therefore we are forced to stage the economical blockade,\" said Keonjhar district truck owners' association secretary Pradip Barik.According to the truck owners' association, they have called a blockade of goods trains at Keonjhar, Barbil and Deojhar under Joda block stations in the district. As many as four racks have been detained near the stations.Due to the strike, the state government, railway department and mining companies are loosing crores of rupees as revenue as mineral transportation to ports and plants has been completely stopped.\"We have already discussed their demand with the truck owners. But they are strict on their demand. We can only take a decision after consultation with the government. We have deployed magistrates and police force at various railway stations,\" said additional district magistrate Brajakishore Nayak.Due to restriction on mineral transportation on trucks, over 10,000 truck owners of the district are sitting idle since the past one year. Many of them are under stress of loans. Lakhs of families, besides the truck drivers, helpers, dhaba, hotel, motor garage, bettle shop owners and many others, who are directly or indirectly dependent on the truck business, are also suffering due to the restriction, said sources.Over 20 racks are loaded with minerals transported from Keonjhar every day. If the strike continues, the railway and mining departments will face a loss about rupees one crore per day, sources said. Mining houses will also face a huge loss and plants will suffer if the strike continues, said a mine owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13043471", "title": "Centre nod for Attappady organic farming scheme gets Centre's nod", "text": "KOCHI: Giving a push to the alternative farming methods in the state, the union government has finally given its nod for the Attappady organic farming scheme.Inaugurating Pachacurry Samrudhi: Nadinum Nagarathinum, an organic farming project, in Kochi on Monday, chief minister Oommen Chandy said that union government aid for the Rs 193 crore-worth Attappady organic farming scheme would help spread organic farming.He said that the Centre had given its approval for another organic farming project in Munnar. The project would be implemented by local bodies in the area with the financial aid from the government, he said.Chandy said that the state would be self-sufficient in vegetable production if the projects became a success. Food and civil supplies minister Anoop Jacob inaugurated the distribution of vegetable seeds to the farmers in the district.The chief minister also distributed scooters for the physically-challenged. The scooters were sponsored by Cochin Shipyard based on the applications received during mass contact programme. As the state government doesn't have a provision to distribute scooters to physically challenged, the government had sought the support from various agencies in each district.The chief minister also offered financial assistance to a six-year-old boy for getting a cochlear implant surgery done. The authorities had denied any aid for the boy's surgery due to lack of provisions in the government. Excise minister K Babu gave away the documents of the scooters to the beneficiaries. Hibi Eden MLA presided over the meeting. Mayor Tony Chammany, Benny Behnan MLA, Dominic Presentation MLA, K Subramanyam, chairman, Cochin Shipyard Limited and district collector P I Sheikh Pareeth spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh/ narnaul", "code": "13045040", "title": "Separate wing for SC/STs creates furore", "text": "CHANDIGARH/ NARNAUL: An industrial training institute (ITI) in Narnaul town of Mahendergarh district allegedly housed students belonging to the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (SC/ST) categories in a separate building. A probe has been ordered against its officials.While the institute ran classes for SC/ST students in the'SC/ST wing', the general category students were given training in another building.The separate SC/ST wing has been there for almost four years, segregating them from other students.State education minister Geeta Bhukkal has ordered the director of industrial training to hold an inquiry into the practice and bring the guilty to the book.\"We won't tolerate this. There would be no separate wing for SCST students anymore,\" she told TOI on Monday. Bhukkal said that special funds were released to SC/ST students but holding separate classes for students of different castes was never ordered.Admitting that the institute has a separate wing for SC/ST students, the college principal, Harminder Singh, maintained that it was set up on a central government grant. \"As per the provisions of this central aid, the institute has to admit SC/ST students in this wing. We are merely following these provisions,\" the principal said.Denying any discrimination between the students on caste lines, he said that they were also authorized to take students from general category if the sanctioned seats for the reserved category remained vacant.A teacher, requesting anonymity, said, \"Separate wings for lower caste students have created a wedge between students from two communities.\"The institute was set up by the government with an aim to provide technical skill training to students of all categories around 48 years back and this wing came into existence some four years back.However, the issue has come to light now following information sought by local activist Manoj Vishwakarma, who had asked the Prime Minister's office if there was any institute where there were separate buildings for SC/ST students. He was given a reply that no such building existed.Then, Vishwakarma urged the government to immediately stop such practice in Narnaul ITI.\"This is an apparent attempt to create a rift in the young minds on caste lines. It obviously fills a sense of inferiority complex among students from reserved castes,\" said Vishwakarma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13041866", "title": "Strict norms force radiology centres to shut down", "text": "NAGPUR: Many radiology centres were forced to shut shop after the Nagpur Municipal Corporation started implementing the norms strictly from July 2011 following directives from the Central government. On Monday it released a list which showed that 112 centres had closed down while 301 are still in operation.Nodal officer Dr Bhavana Sonkusle told TOI that many of those which shut shop had cited difficulty in following the strict norms as the primary reason. \"A few were denied renewal of license and some have even wound up a few years ago,\" she said.\"There are a few centres that have been closed down due to the practical difficulties resulting from a circular issued by NMC earlier this year. There were instructions that a radiologist should not be attached with more than two centres and a ban was issued on the use of portable ultrasound machines,\" said radiologist Dr Harish Chandak, who is also the president of the city branch of Indian Medical Association.\"Though the radiologists had moved court against these orders and were successful in making the civic body withdraw the orders, many of the medicos had applied for the closure of their centres anticipating difficulties even before the case could be registered,\" he added.Few of the doctors whose names were listed as owners of the closed centres told TOI that they had shifted their place of operation and therefore had their previous licences cancelled.More than 100 radiology centres in the city have shut shop after the NMC cracked the whip against erring centres. Few of them were surprised when TOI asked them about the issue saying that their centres had not been operating since a few years now.One of the doctors whose centre was closed down, Dr Dilip Ghike admitted that he was facing many operational difficulties. \"There was no radiologist available as most of them prefer higher paying jobs like those in CT scan and MRI centres,\" he said.The NMC has decided to inspect and conduct sting operations to keep tabs on the closed centres if they are conducting activities clandestinely. Only investigations would reveal the real reason behind the closures.\"The sting operations will be conducted with the help of NGOs,\" said Sonkusle. \"Anyone giving information on illegal practices at any centre will be rewarded Rs 25,000.\"The NMC has 40 doctors to conduct inspection of the centres every quarter. It has also made it mandatory for the centres to submit documents every month. \"Installations of CCTVS are also on the anvil,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047410", "title": "Khatron Ka Khiladi Ahran takes action to big screen", "text": "The dare devils that performed heart-stopping stunts in the last season of Khatron Ke Khiladi seem to be on a roll.After Mirror broke the story of participant Sandeep Sachdev bagging a plum role in Sudhir Mishra's film, we can now tell you another contestant has struck gold. Ahran Choudhry has landed himself a meaty role in YRF's Ek Tha Tiger starring Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif .A source told Mumbai Mirror, \"The film is full of action and Ahran had an upper hand as he is an ex marine and a trained swimmer and diver. He is also trained in South Korean Mauy thai. In Khatron Ke Khiladi, he impressed host Akshay Kumar, whom he considers his guru.\"Ahran confirmed signing the film and said, \"For the last five months, I am doing Wing-chun and lots of functional training like Parkour.\" He was all praise for Akki saying, \"He is my inspiration. He always advises me and I always talk to him whenever I am in doubt.\"While Ahran has already shot a few scenes in Mumbai, it will be an acid test for him in Thailand next month when he will have to shoot a lot of action sequences with Salman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041709", "title": "Identification parade held in teen\u2019s murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The police conducted an identification parade (IP) for the three minors, including the main accused, in the murder of 16-year-old Ansh Agarwal. An identification parade will be held for the other 12 accomplices arrested in the case.The accused were arrested a day after they killed Ansh near Kohinoor Hotel on Andheri-Kurla Link Road (AKLR) on the night of April 17.The first round of IP was carried out after the MIDC police got permission from the court on April 30. The IP was carried out in presence of the collector and tehsildar at a place where police presence was not allowed. \"The eyewitnesses' statements were recorded by the collector and tehsildar after they identified the three juveniles accused in the killing,\" said a police officer.The 12 accused, including the main accused's father Shivkumar Gosalkar (46), whose IP is pending, are in judicial custody, while the three minors are in Dongri remand home. \"The first round of IP is over. The officials will be submitting the IP report to the court in a sealed envelop, which will be opened by the magistrate,\" said MIDC police inspector Mohan Waghmare. He added, \"The report, along with the evidence, will be submitted before the court at the time of filing the chargesheet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13044042", "title": "SUV driver knocks down traffic cop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two days after two Home Guard volunteers were assaulted on city roads, a traffic police constable was knocked down by a speeding SUV near sectors 24/25 light point on Monday. The injured cop, Baldev Raj Singh, is admitted to Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMH), Sector 16. The SUV bearing Delhi registration number managed to escape from the spot.The incident took place around 6pm when Singh signalled the SUV (DL-4C-4738) to stop and as he went to the car and asked the driver to show the documents of vehicle, the driver accelerated and fled after hitting the cop. A case was registered at Sector 11 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042199", "title": "Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation staff denied pay for not filing assets list", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of civic employees, including Class I officers of the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC), will have to wait for a while to get their April pay. The civic administration has held back salaries of employees who have failed to declare their assets.Municipal commissioner Vikram Kumar on Friday directed the State Bank of India , Bhayander branch, to hold back salaries of 195 Class I to III staff till further notice. Salaries of another 52 employees of the Mira-Bhayander Fire Brigade have also been held back and the same has been communicated to the Bhayander branch of Bank of Baroda.Civic sources said among the officers who have failed to furnish assets declaration forms include city engineer Shivaji Barkund, deputy municipal commissioner Sambhaji Panpatte, executive engineer Suresh Wakode, garden superintendent Nagesh Irkar, ward officers Swapnil Sawant and Avinash Jadhav and some heads of departments.Reminders to declare assets were sent out in 2010 after the civic administration was flooded with complaints regarding unaccounted wea lth amassed by civic staff. But most civic officials failed to submit assets declaration forms. Till March 2012, a total 728 employees, mostly Class II and III, declared their assets. The remaining 195 were caught unawares when their April pay was withheld.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045461", "title": "Man arrested for duping jobless youths", "text": "PATNA: The police on Monday arrested a racketeer, Sujesh Singh, from Boring Road locality for allegedly duping unemployed youths in the name of providing jobs after taking huge amount of cash from them.Phulwarisharif SDPO, Rakesh Dubey, who is in charge of Sachivalaya DSP, said the police were investigating that how many persons were duped by the gang.SK Puri SHO B P Gupta said one of the youths, Avinash Singh, a resident of PC Colony under Kankerbagh police station, had lodged a written complaint on Sunday in this connection. He said Pinki Jha, Sujesh Singh (Varanasi), T K Jha (Supaul) and S N Singh had opened an office at Krishna Apartment on Boring Road. They used to promise jobs to unemployed youths in different telecom companies after collecting huge amount of money from them. Gupta said they had taken Rs 41,000 from Avinash to provide him a job. Later, they closed the office and disappeared. He said Sujesh claimed himself to be an engineer.Gupta said Avinash was never called to the Boring Road office but would contact him outside. Raids were on to arrest his other associates, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13041611", "title": "Siolim locals want CM to mediate in ward delimitation", "text": "MAPUSA: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar's intervention has been sought in the alleged irregularities in ward reservation and delimitation exercise in the Siolim-Marna village panchayat.Siolim Nagrik Kruti Samiti held a meeting on Monday to discuss the various problems plaguing the village. Speaking to mediapersons after holding a meeting with the samiti members, the president of the Siolim Nagrik Kruti Samiti, Amrut Agarwadekar, said that the chief minister took prompt action with regards to the Calangute panchayat but has failed to act on similar cases in other panchayats. Agarwadekar has also urged Parrikar to enquire into the alleged irregularities in ward reservation and delimitation in the Siolim-Marna panchayat.\"In the Siolim-Marna panchayat also, we are facing a similar problem. There has been manipulation and a fraud committed on the voters of Siolim-Marna by the panchayat secretary under political pressure,\" Agarwadekar said.He held the panchayat secretary and talathi responsible for the delimitation mess and demanded action against them. \"The panchayat wards were delimited and reserved in an unjust manner under pressure of some leaders with vested interests. For free and fair electoral practices, chief minister Manohar Parrikar should intervene in this matter and prove that his government is against corruption and malpractices,\" Agarwadekar said.He also demanded that the state election commission should take the issue seriously and intervene and take serious steps to deal with the panchayat delimitation mess in this panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13041126", "title": "Alina's cabinet induction still uncertain", "text": "PANAJI: Uncertainty over Alina Saldanha's induction in the cabinet continues. On Monday the election commission of India (ECI) directed the state government to defer the swearing-in ceremony of the new minister. Saldanha is the prospective BJP candidate for the Cortalim byelection.The government has only Tuesday on which to induct Saldanha before the election notification is issued on May 9, after that the induction can happen only after the byelection process ends.Sources in the chief electoral office said, ECI in its order admitted that under the Indian constitution power to induct a minister vests with the chief minister, however, exercise of such power at this stage it also a violation of the model code of conduct which is already in force. \"As such induction may be deferred till the model code of conduct is over,\" ECI advised.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"I have not received any communication from ECI. It is a constitutional power which I feel cannot be superseded by a code.\"Parrikar added, \"Whether I should do it (Saldanha's induction in the cabinet) is a moral issue and I will let you know when I decide.\" Parrikar also said that he will discuss the issue with party colleagues before arriving at a decision.Sources in the government said Parrikar may defer Saldanha's induction due to the ECI directive.Parrikar's announcement that Saldanha would be inducted in the cabinet had prompted social activist Aires Rodrigues to file a complaint with chief electoral office over the issue. Reacting to the complaint, the chief electoral officer had issued an advisory to government to defer Saldanha's induction in the cabinet. The matter was also referred to the ECI for opinion.The Cortalim byelection was necessitated due to the death of former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha. The date for the bypoll has been fixed for June 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13044090", "title": "5 women hold key posts in Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: With the appointment of a woman deputy commissioner of police (DCP), the administration is being 'manned' by women in Panchkula, as all the five key posts are now being held by the fair sex.The post of Panchkula DCP was filled on Monday, with Parul Kush Jain joining. She has replaced DCP Maneesh Chaudhary, who has recently been posted to Chandigarh as superintendent of police (SP), traffic. Masters in Botany from Panjab University, Jain was earlier posted as SP, Kurukshetra. Ashima Brar, who took over in 2010 as the 13th deputy commissioner of Panchkula is continuing on the post.The 27th sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of Panchkula, Sharandeep Kaur Brar, who came second in her batch joined eight months ago. Besides, the district education officer of Panchkula too is a woman. Nalini Mimani had joined on the post two years ago.The 20th sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of Kalka, Manita Malik, was appointed to the post seven months ago. \"It is a nice change to see women running Panchkula. I marvel at their juggling abilities as apart from handling such responsible posts, they are also running their households. Running a city is not easy,\" said Dia Shangari, a resident of Sector 9, Panchkula.\"I just hope that they live up to the expectations. Running a city is a challenging task. I hope we get co-operation from them,\" said Rajveer Singh, a resident of Sector 11, Panchkula.Apart from these five key posts, some other important posts too are being held by women.The post of district elementary education officer is being held by Anita Anand, Vijay Lakshmi is the Red Cross secretary, while Dr Usha Gupta is the principal medical officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13041277", "title": "Mormugao municipal council to discuss arrears recovery", "text": "VASCO: The acting chairperson of the Mormugao municipal council (MMC) Krishna Salkar alias Daji has said that the issue of recovery of arrears from its tenants would be discussed and resolved when the urban development minister will visit the municipality this month.The municipality has to recover arrears of around 5.5 crore from its tenants. In the month of October last year, the council had announced plans to do the full recovery and collect huge revenue for the municipality. However, within three months it has recovered only about 50 lakh and during the last two months, the recovery has completely stopped.With a new chairperson or vice-chairperson in the seat, the council always initiates action to recover the arrears, but after a few months the entire exercise comes to a standstill.Sources said, \"The authorities form a committee of officials who are already burdened with the municipal work. They are asked to complete their work and also go on the sites to make the recoveries. This becomes very difficult for the officials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043665", "title": "Census finds over 10% of Delhi has no toilets", "text": "NEW DELHI: East Delhi does as well or better than Central Delhi on most indicators, recent census data has revealed. The area has the highest proportion of houses with a toilet inside the premises and a substantial coverage of its piped sewerage system. Though Central and New Delhi do slightly better than East Delhi, their population is negligible compared to that of the east. Just 10% of rural Delhi, however, has piped sewerage.Over 10% of Delhi still has no toilet, even though this number has been halved over the last decade. In New Delhi, the district that houses Parliament and most VIPs, one in every five persons has no toilet and uses a public toilet, indicating that a substantial slum population still exists in the district, said Varsha Joshi, director of Census Operations, National Capital Territory of Delhi.LPG use has doubled in Delhi over the last 10 years and is now the predominant fuel used for cooking, while electricity is the primary source of lighting for almost 100% of the population.Some 37% of Delhi still owns no vehicle. A fifth of households own cars, 40% own a two-wheeler and 30% own a bicycle, with some overlap between these categories.\"There has been very little change in the proportion of families who do not own a vehicle,\" Joshi said. Car ownership is highest in West Delhi and East Delhi, while over half of Central Delhi owns no vehicle.Telephone ownership has predictably skyrocketed in Delhi, going from 35% in 2001 to 91% in 2011, and is well spread across districts, as is television ownership which is now close to 90%. Computer ownership is just under 30% and closer to 40% in East Delhi and New Delhi.Despite the declining significance and low population of these two central districts, important services remain geographically concentrated here: New Delhi and Central Delhi have the highest ratio of schools and colleges, and hospitals, to their population, despite the population explosion that has taken place in the city's peripheries.Across Delhi, both very large and very small households are tapering off, making the nuclear family the Delhi norm.\"Delhi's improved adult sex ratio and the drop in the number of one and two-member households seems to be indicating a reduction in single male migration to the city,\" said Joshi. About 70% of households have just one married couple, and 3, 4 and 5-member households have become more common. Close to a third of households have just one dwelling room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13042400", "title": "Bank employee commits suicide in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Fearing her husband's death from a serious disease, a bank employee hanged herself on Monday afternoon. Manjula Sundar Rajan (45) took the extreme step at her Khare Town residence after the doctors said that her husband, who is suffering from a serious disease, has no chances of survival.Police said that her husband, Rajan, was a drunkard and suffering from liver disorders. Since last two weeks he has been admitted at a private hospital in Ramdaspeth. During treatment, the doctors told Manjula that Rajan cannot be saved. Depressed by the news, Manjula hanged herself to the ceiling fan of her bedroom. In her suicide note, Manjula wrote that she can't live without Rajan and no one should be held responsible for her suicide. Manjula was employed at a private bank. Sitabuldi police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042548", "title": "Licences of 69 nursing homes in Bhopal cancelled", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration on Monday cancelled the licenses of 69 private nursing homes in the city for violating norms under the medical termination of pregnancy (MPT) Act. Notices were served to the erring private nursing homes by the Chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla. Only 35 of the 104 private nursing homes have filed their mandatory monthly report for April.\"Today's termination order is the first step against those private nursing homes, which are not following the norms. Once the district licensing authority (DLC) looks into the matter further action would be taken,\" said the CMHO, who had given set a deadline of May 5 for private nursing homes to comply.The nursing homes were found breaching norms of MTP Act, 1971 after Times of India article 'Abortions : Nine out of 10 Bhopal nursing homes ignore MTP Act stipulations' in December last year. Fearing cases of female foeticide, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) took cognizance of the article and sought a status report, within 30 days, from the district collector on March 19. The period was later extended by 20 days.Reacting to the move by the CMHO, advisor to Madhya Pradesh nursing homes association, Dr Anoop Hajela told TOI, \"We have issued circulars instructing all registered private hospital to submit the report of the last one year at the earliest to the CMHO. If some private nursing homes continue to violate the MTP Act, the association will look into the matter.Speaking in defence of the nursing homes Dr Hajela said, \"The private nursing homes have been filing the reports through the health management information system (HMIS).\"Reacting to the comment, Dr Shukla said, \"Private nursing homes cannot get away simply by reporting abortions along with the data incorporated into the HMIS.\"Private nursing homes have to follow the procedure by law and file detailed reports to the pre-natal diagnostic test (PNT) nodal officer, he added.\"The form submitted should inform about duration of pregnancy, religion of women, termination with acceptance of contraception and reasons for termination,\" said pre-natal diagnostic test (PNT) nodal officer Dr Padmakar Tripathi.According to pre-natal diagnostic test (PNT) nodal officer, as many as 2,367 abortions of up to 12 weeks of pregnancy were performed in private nursing homes in the state capital from April 2011 to March 2012. Interestingly, this year so far only three nursing homes filed the report in prescribed performa in January, six in February and 20 in March.There are 104 nursing homes in Bhopal registered under the MTP Act who have to report to the pre-natal diagnostic test (PNT) nodal officer on a monthly basis on the cases done by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "13044413", "title": "Litterateurs remember Punjabi poet Batalvi", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: Litterateurs from Ludhiana remembered the poetry of renowned Punjabi poet, Shiv Kumar Batalvi on Monday, in an event organized to mark his death anniversary at Punjab Agricultural University. Former general secretary of Punjabi Sahit Akademi, Ravinder Bhathal said, '' Batalvi was a poet who enriched Punjabi poetry with grass root vocabulary and imagery.''President, Punjabi Sahit Akademi, Gurbhajan Gill presented a paper on Batalvi and described him as an uncrowned emperor whose poetry is sung by people from all walks of life. ''He covered varied aspects of life in his poetry,'' said Gill.The content and style of Batalvi's famous poem ''Loona'' and ''Main Te Main'' were discussed. Sukhpal Singh and Mann Singh Toor described him as a revolutionary poet. Janmeja Johl said Batalvi's poetry is multi-dimensional and cannot be captured in any frame.Dr Anil Kumar Sharma said he plans to enact ''Loona'' in a stage play involving PAU students.Writer Manu Sharma Sohal said, ''I have studied Batalvi from various angles and have written books on the content and style of Batalvi's poetry.'' Trailochan Lochi sang famous poems of Batalvi and said he was a blessed individual who possessed a unique combo of writing and singing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13042109", "title": "Panvel flyover to be ready in June", "text": "MUMBAI: With Panvel gradually becoming populous, commute in the area had turned into a nightmare, with the roads not being able to accommodate the heavy flow of traffic. But from June, the usual snarls are likely to be eased after a 1.5-km-long flyover is thrown open to the public, helping not only residents of the area but also those taking the NH5 or the old Mumbai-Pune road to Pune. This is also likely to come as a big help once the new airport in Panvel is constructed.The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), which is the implementing authority of the project, has spent Rs 140 crore to build the 17-metre-wide four-lane flyover. With two lanes-each meant for the up and down traffic-the bridge starts at Ashoka Lawn and ends about 300 metres ahead of the junction at Gandhi Hospital. Joint project director of MMRDA said, \"Commuters face frequent jams on the particular road that passes through Panvel city. The stretch has a bus depot as well as a bus stand and the number of vehicles using those facilities add to the traffic, leading to snarls. We hope the flyover will help commuters have a smooth ride now.\"The bridge is also attached with two approach roads on both ends; vehicles coming from the New Panvel Junction on one side and Ambedkar Junction on the other can take these 5.5-metre-wide ramps to get onto the flyover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13043940", "title": "Jailed Maoists on hunger strike", "text": "Hazaribag: Altogether, 39 Maoists lodged in the Jai Prakash Narayan Central Jail went on a day's hunger strike in protest against the arrest of rebel Shiv Charan Manjhi within five days after his release from the same jail.Jail superintendent Uday Prasad Kushwaha said although the Maoists went on a day's strike but strong resentment was prevailing among them. Some of the top rebel leaders lodged in the jail include Narayan Sanyal, who was arrested in Chhattisgarh and shifted to Hazaribag central jail about two months ago, and Ravi Sharma, who is also a member of the Bihar and Jharkhand committee and member of the CPI(Maoist) politburo and central committee. \"I have informed the inspector general of prison and other senior officers about the hunger strike,\" he said.Shiv Charan was first arrested by the Hazaribag police from his hideout in 2010 and released on April 26 on bail. SP Pankaj Kamboj said Shiv Charan, instead remaining silent, involved himself in anti-national activities and was leading the Naxalite bandh. tnn\"Police have seizedone countrymade revolver along with five cartridges and Naxalites literature,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13044216", "title": "Say no to ice creams this summer, go for yogurt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you have been gulping down scoops of ice creams daily to beat the heat, cut down the amount as it can make you sluggish. Dieticians recommend low-fat diet as summers makes one lethargic and it slows down the metabolism. Also, home prepared ice creams or flavoured yogurt are preferred to those available in the market as calorie count can be brought down to almost half.Having yogurt or home-made ice cream is a healthy way to beat the heat. \"A single scoop of butterscotch is equivalent to two meals and this can increase the fat content resulting in lethargy. Also, the metabolism slows down in summers, so avoid high carbohydrate and fat diet,\" said Madhu Sharma, senior dietician, PGI.Cold drinks and juices contain empty calories - no protein or fibre, though they tend to be taken the most during summers, dieticians advise jal zeera, buttermilk and lots of water-rich fruits like melons and citrus instead. \"Due to perspiration during summers there is a need to replenish loss of fluids from the body. Drink 8-12 glasses of water daily. Coconut water is a rich source of sodium and potassium and works like rehydration drink,\" said Manisha Arora, senior dietician, Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16.If one wants to prepare ice cream at home with toned milk, the calorie count is around 250-300 calories while fat-rich milk has around 300-350 calories. \"Curd is rich in probiotics which are good for digestion. There are abdominal cramps and gastroenteritis at this time of the season. So instead of milk, curd should be taken,\" said Madhu.Instead of eating out, introduce some home made appetizers in your meal to make it more palatable. As Sonia Gandhi , senior dietician at a private hospital in Mohali said, \"Appetizers like -- mint chutneys, amla chutney, table vinegar, lemon, green mango, murabbas are best. Panna and kanjis are best thirst quenchers, to keep the body metabolism in balance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jetpur (rajkot)", "code": "13043673", "title": "15 injured in group clash in Jetpur village", "text": "JETPUR (RAJKOT): A group clash broke out between members of Devipujak community and Shiv Sena over alleged smuggling of cattle for slaughter in Thanagalol village of Jetpur taluka on Sunday night. In total 15 persons were injured in the incident.Police said, trouble started when local Shiv Sena leaders received tip-off that members of Devipujak community were taking cattle to the illegal slaughter house.\"Shiv Sainiks accosted the members of Devipujak community in Thanagalol and started frisking them. This angered the Devipujaks who attacked the Shivsainkis. Soon, a group clash started with members of both groups armed with iron pipes, rods and clubs attacking each other. The incident left 15 people injured, two of whom are in serious condition,\" said an official from Thanagalol police station.Police have booked the rioters from both groups under sections 323 and 324 of Indian Penal Code for rioting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042502", "title": "Corporators nod to 24x7 metered water supply", "text": "BHOPAL: Softening its stand on 24x7 metered water supply proposal under the PPP model after major concerns of Congress corporators addressed, all corporators gave their in principle nod on Monday.In March, the Congress corporators had mainly objected to proposals in tender documents of 24x7 metered water supply under the Public Private Partnership model and boycotted a major discussion on the issue.After getting satisfactory answers to their queries, the Congress Corporators agreed to the proposal at the special council meet on Monday, sources said.The proposals that came up at the meeting included maintenance of pipelines, meters and quality of water after 24x7 water supply starts in Bhopal .The corporation plans to install over 3 lakh household meters in the city. The BMC plans include laying of pipelines worth Rs 1.75 crore to execute the proposal.\"For the Narmada project, the BMC laid 918 km of pipelines in the city. However, for the execution of the 24 hour water supply, the BMC will have to lay 2300 km of pipeline,\" said Sudhir Karla, city engineer.But the council refused to budge on its stand that water cess per unit would be decided by it after the bidding process was over. The corporators were confident that there would be no rise in the water charges after the installation of meters.\"We have agreed to proposals and after being satisfied with answers for our queries, we unanimously agreed to proposals,\" Congress corporator, Mahira Salamuddin said.\"The council has agreed to proposals of tender documents. The process of floating tenders will begin shortly,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"We will see to it that this proposal is executed in a year,\" he added.After the distribution of water under the PPP model, employees of the water works department will be sent on deputation in the company, which will get this stake, Mahira added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13043596", "title": "Osmania University lecturers stage dharna for pay hike", "text": "HYDERABAD: Degree college lecturers of Osmania University stalled the spot evaluation of answer scripts for a day demanding a pay rise. The lecturers wanted Osmania University officials to give them a 30% hike in remuneration. They staged a dharna in front of the OU vice chancellor (VC) S Satyanarayana's office here on Monday.With the answer scripts of thousands of students yet to be evaluated, OU authorities have agreed to pay a travel allowance of Rs 150 to those from Hyderabad and Rs 200 to lecturers who have come from outside the city to evaluate papers at a spot evaluation camp in Osmania University. The university VC has also agreed to pay Rs 11 for evaluation of each of the answer scripts to lecturers. Earlier the fee was Rs 10.While the pen down strike lasted throughout the day, the lecturers called it off in the evening once the OU administration gave in to their demands.The evaluation of answer scripts will resume from Tuesday, lecturers' association officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044332", "title": "2 held for culling dogs on city outskirts", "text": "CHENNAI: Two people were arrested on Monday on charges of culling dogs in Poonamallee, based on a complaint by the Blue Cross of India. Police are investigating the cause of the deaths.Animal activists said about 25 dogs were culled and buried at Katupakkam village near Poonamallee on Friday after being administered lethal injection. A few carcasses were exhumed on Monday.Dawn Williams, residential general manager of Blue Cross, Chennai said he received a call from some Katupakkam residents that dogs were being caught and culled there. \"I rushed to the spot early in the morning and saw that four men had tied a noose of steel around four dogs. When I questioned them they ran away,\" Williams said.He said the steel noose and injections were left behind. The councillor of the area said he had nothing to do with the incident and that he was just passing by.\"I managed to catch hold of Kalanesan, the driver of the tractor which was transporting the dead dogs, and Elangovan, the supervisor of the panchayat, and took them to the police station. Based my complaint they were arrested,\" said Williams. \"When I caught the two men I found around 24 dead dogs in the tractor.\"Williams said the residents of the area had told him that nearly 150 dogs were buried near a pond in the area during the weekend.Later, Williams and two other volunteers Daniel and Nishanth dug up the area and found five dogs buried there.Last year, around 75 dogs were culled in the same area, Williams said. The practice of catching dogs, culling and burying them is a violation of the Supreme Court guidelines and punishable under Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act and also under Indian Penal Code, he said.Blue Cross GM Williams said the residents of the area had told him that nearly 150 dogs were buried near a pond in the area during the weekend", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13045267", "title": "Centre should dissolve National Ganga River Basin Authority, if PM too busy: Uma Bharati", "text": "VARANASI: Senior BJP leader Uma Bharati accused the central government of showing apathetic attitude towards Ganga and said that the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) should be dissolved if the Prime Minister had no time to hold its meeting regularly. Talking to mediapersons on Monday, she said that in next six months Varanasi would be the centre point of her campaign for Ganga. She, however, did not disclose the strategy of her campaign for the Ganga. During her campaign she would also undertake a yatra from Gangasagar to Gangotri. Uma Bharati also met Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand and Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, the convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam on Sunday.Meanwhile, supporting the fast-unto-death stir of Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand for Ganga, the convener of Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam, Swami Avimukteshwaranand also refused to take food from Sunday night. Uttar Pradesh state minister for health, Shankh Lal Manjhi visited SPG Hospital and met Swami Sanand on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13043022", "title": "Lucknow Christian College stage protest, demand better facilities", "text": "LUCKNOW: A group of students of Lucknow Christian Degree College (LCDC) protested outside the college on Monday demanding basic facilities to be provided to them. The students forced the management to close the college. Owing to the protest, the sale of admission forms could not begin at the college.More than 50 undergraduate and postgraduate students raised the issue of non-availability of drinking water, no proper toilets and irregular teaching at the college. They alleged that most of the teachers do not take classes and show no consideration towards the future of students.The students demands include filling up of vacant posts, introduction of physical education as a subject from academic session 2012-13 and improvement in the condition of college playground so that regular sports activities can be held. The students have also asked the college authorities to re-start the NSS activities which were suspended two years ago.\"We also want a permanent sports room and cultural society so that students can participate in extra- curricular activities,'' said a student, adding that despite charging hefty fees in PG courses, the college does not provide any facility.The students had given a representation to the principal. Later, a negotiating committee comprising proctor JK Singh, NK Sharma, RK Mishra and Moulindu Mishra, was created. On Monday, the committee had called the students for a talk but students refused to come. \"The students denied talking to us and so we could not help. Certain demands of the students are outside their jurisdiction and so they should not interfere in it. For the rest, we are ready to help them,'' said JK Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13042987", "title": "Eviction drive at Shivaji Bhaji Mandai evicted", "text": "NASHIK: Minor stone pelting marked the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) anti-encroachment drive met with minor stone pelting at Shivaji Bhaji Mandai in Satpur on Monday but situation was brought under controle by the Satpur police immediately.The NMC's anti-encroachment department carried out its drive of evicting encroachments at Shivaji Bhaji Mandai in Satpur on Monday morning. Some of the encroachers protested by pelting stones at the anti-encroachment squad and their vehicles but the Satpur police brought the situation under control immediately.The anti-encroachment staff under the supervision of Satpur divisional officer Somnath Wadekar and the direction of and the deputy commissioner of the anti-encroachment department, Dattatreya Gotise, evicted the encroachments in front of Shivaji Bhaji Mandai. on Monday morning.The Satpur police were led by police inspector Kondiram Popere. the staff of public works department and MSEB accompanied the anti-encroachment staff.Thirty five kiosks and 60 stalls were forcd to shut shop confiscated in course of the operation.\"Some of the encroachers resorted to minor stone pelting and broke the glass of the JCB machine. But the police brought the situation under control. Police inspector Popere called for more staff from the Satpur police station and the situation was everything was soon brought to normal,\" Wadekar said.Gotise visited the spot upon learning about the stone pelting. \"The Shivaji Bhaji Mandai is now visible. Earlier it was not seen because many encroachers carried out their made their business in the parking space located before the market,\" he said. Two parking boards have been put up by the public works department of the NMC. Unauthorised electricity connections were cut off by the MSEB.Three vehicles from three divisions, from the PWD and MSEB, two police vans, one trolley used for lifting the confiscated material from the parking space, were among the equipment used in the drive. A team of 90 people carried out the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13042619", "title": "Ex-sarpanch killed in firing; curfew in Bareli", "text": "BHOPAL: Indefinite curfew was clamped in Bareli town in Raisen district of Madhya Pradesh after a farmer was shot dead and 42 others were injured in police firing on Monday afternoon during a protest organised by Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS), affiliated to the ruling BJP.Thousands of farmers violently clashed with the police demonstrating against alleged malpractices and corruption at the wheat procurement centres.Bareli town, 139 kilometers from here, resembled a battlefield as farmers picked-up sticks and allegedly beat-up the police, smashing and setting government vehicles on fire.The demonstrators resorted to brick batting at random. The police retaliated first with a lathi charge, then burst tear-gas and finally opened fire to quell the mob. A farmer and former sarpanch of Bareli, Hari Singh Prajapati, reportedly received a bullet injury that went through his head. He was rushed to a Bhopal hospital where he was declared dead.About 42 persons ,including the SP, collector and a dozen policemen, were injured in the clash. Five critically injured persons have been shifted to a Bhopal hospital while the rest are undergoing treatment at Bareli.The BKS was protesting after a 55-year-old farmer, Bhagwan Singh Rajput's reported suicide on Sunday after the 300-quintals of wheat he had produced was not purchased by the state procurement centre for over 45 days.District collector Mohanlal Meena said, \"On Sunday, the BKS informed the administration that they would throw away wheat loaded in 300 tractor trolleys on the highway. As a precaution, the administration posted adequate number of police personnel. But the agitation led by BKS president Suresh Sharma got violent, attacking policemen and damaging vehicles. To bring the situation under control, the police resorted to lathi charge.''Prajapati, who was killed in the police firing on Monday, was also sitting outside the Bareilly wheat procurement centre for the past 15 days. His wheat yield was not procured till the time of his death.Madhya Pradesh is faced with a strange dilemma of plenty. The state has produced 70 lakh million tonne of wheat, a bumper wheat crop this year and not far behind from Punjab and Haryana. The state was expecting 18 quintals of wheat per acre of land. Instead, the bumper crop yielded 22 to even 26 quintals per acre. Thousands of farmers are sitting outside procurement centres for weeks pleading the staff to pick up their wheat.The state also does not have enough storage facility to store the bumper crop.The state BJP on Monday evening, announced a three-member committee under party MP Nand Kumar Singh Chouhan to conduct a probe the violence allegedly instigated by the BKS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13042883", "title": "239 candidates appear for first phase of online All India Engineering Entrance Examination", "text": "INDORE: Out of nearly 15% examinees appearing for the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE), who opted to sit for the online test, nearly 239 students appeared for the online test on the first day of the 20-day long phase of the examination on Monday.The only centre in the state, Radharaman Engineering College in Bhopal, witnessed 100% attendance as all the registered students marked their presence to take the online examination. Prakash Patil, public relation officer of the institute said, \"The examination was conducted successfully under the supervision of trained officials. All the candidates who registered for scheduled examination appeared and took the test.\"The three-hour long examination which was of similar standards as the offline examination which was conducted in Indore, Jabalpur and Gwalior a week ago. One of the experts said, \"Candidates are apprehensive in switching over to the new pattern. It is a competitive exam where students do not want to take any risk.\"Students who appeared the for examination had a good experience as they found the online method easier and faster. One of the students said, \"Once you are comfortable with computer, it becomes easier.\" The next phase of online examination will take place on May 12, 19 and 26 at different centers in state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13042290", "title": "Punjab look to play host-busters against Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: After getting battered and bruised on the road, Team Hyderabad have finally reached the shores of their first 'home' to make a last-ditch effort to salvage their lost pride.It has been a horrendous campaign for the hosts so far, with just two wins to showcase from 11 matches. Right from the very first day of their campaign, virtually nothing has gone right for Hyderabad. What has been more unnerving for the fans is that they have lost at least half of those games from winning positions. The inability to defend big targets has not gone down well with their support base.The bowling has not been able to stand up to the demands of T20 cricket, as was evident on Sunday night against Team Bangalore. After getting a competitive 181, Hyderabad were right on top when they had the hosts on the ropes. But a blitzkrieg by South African AB de Villiers saw them romp home by five wickets, with seven balls to spare.The worst part is Hyderabad have not been able to hold their nerves in tight situations - except for the games against Pune - and the bowling, barring Steyn, has looked pedestrian. Amit Mishra has looked a pale shadow of his former self and the youngsters, sadly, have a long way to go before coming up with match-winning performances. The good work by the batsmen has gone down the drain time and again. Fielding, too, has been a cause of worry.\"This is a major area of concern for us but the boys are working hard on it. Most of them are young players and performing before such huge crowds is always an unnerving thing,\" coach Darren Lehmann had said after the game against Pune, in Cuttack last Tuesday. Things don't seem to have improved much on the field since then.Despite the gloom in the camp, life has to go on and on Tuesday, Hyderabad take on Team Punjab in the first of their four home games at the Rajiv Gandhi stadium. Barring pride, the hosts don't have much at stake in the tournament anymore. It's a different story for Punjab though. The visitors have had a mixed tournament in what has been a start-stop campaign, but a couple of good wins and they still could be in contention for a spot in the knockouts.With 10 points from 11 games, Punjab could very well fancy a shot at the top four spot. But first, they need to get the maximum from the lowly Hyderabad side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041159", "title": "RTE fallout? After blind promotions, mass failures", "text": "MUMBAI: Two years after the Right to Education Act, which stipulated among other things that students should not be kept back till Class 8, was implemented, at least two state board schools in the city and their students are facing what can only be called an unforeseen fallout of the Act.Antonio Desouza High School, Byculla and Sacred Heart High School in Worli -have failed 35-50% of their Class IX students this year, preventing them from sitting for the all-important Class X board exams in 2013. While 150 students out of a 300-strong class were kept back in Antonio, at Sacred Heart 81 in a class of 230 were not allowed to graduate to Std X.Parents claim that the schools have intentionally failed students so that their (schools') performance in the board exam does not drop. However, faculty and principals say they had no choice because the students, after being passed every year, had fared very badly in Class IX.Principals of other state board schools said the RTE alone could not be blamed for schools failing so many students, but admitted that there has been a 10% increase in the number of children failing to make the grade since last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13045346", "title": "New owners for Chirag United Kerala?", "text": "KOCHI: Just a day after being relegated from the I-League, there is widespread uncertainty regarding the fate of Chirag United Kerala, with the Kolkata-based owners reportedly sizing up their options in order to leave the side.While earlier claims from the management of Chirag Computers suggested a possible shift of base from Kerala to Siliguri, it now seems that the owners are looking to sell the club to the previous owner P Bhaskaran. However, when contacted regarding this issue, Chirag's vice-president Rana Bandhopadhyay claimed that any details regarding their future association with the club will only be available on Tuesday.With All India Football Federation (AIFF) regulations standing in the way of shifting the club (registered in Kochi) out of the state, the Chirag management has perceptibly lost interest in continuing their association with the team, claims a source. But for Chirag to pull out, the payments still due to the previous owners are a major stumbling block.\"When they took over the club, Chirag paid Mr. Bhaskaran just around 20% of the entire sum. A clause was also instilled which said that they would shift base to Bengal once they got the approval from the AIFF and Kerala Football Association (KFA). Once it became clear that shifting the club will not be easy, the management lost interest in the side,\" added the source.No chance of disbandingMeanwhile, team manager K Prasanthan says that even if Chirag decide to pull out, the club will not be disbanded. While a lack of funds was the reason Bhaskaran was forced to sell to Chirag, Prasanthan asserts that there are at least three groups interested in taking over the club.\"We have been approached by three groups who want to be associated with the club. One group of NRK businessmen want to buy out the club if the price is right, while a couple of others are interested in sponsoring the team, if it is once again re-branded as the original Viva Kerala. But for us to even talk about such deals, Chirag have to come to a decision followed by Mr. Bhaskaran, who would have ownership if the Kolkata management default on payments,\" he said.Prasanthan also acknowledged that the backroom staff in Kerala, who were running the day-to-day affairs of the club, have sent a letter to Rana inquiring what Chirag plan to do next. Bhaskaran meanwhile, said he will decide his next move once Chirag announces their decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13043081", "title": "NHRM scam: HC asks CBI to present case diary on May 28", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday directed the CBI to furnish on May 28 the case diary related to scam in implementation of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) in Lucknow and the murders of two chief medical officers, Dr VK Arya and Dr BP Singh.A division bench also directed the CBI investigating officer in-charge of the case to remain present in the court on next hearing. Earlier, on May 1, the court had directed the CBI to produce the case dairy on May 7 (Monday) to assess the progress of the probe. On Monday, the case was taken up by the court and after hearing the CBI counsel Bireshwar Nath, posted the matter for May 28.Monday's directive came as a relief for the CBI. On March 15, the court had given the CBI two months time to complete the probe. The deadline will expire on May 15. Now, the CBI has got 13 more days. A division bench of the high court headed by Justice Pradeep Kant had in July 2011 handed over the case to the CBI following petition expressing doubts over the fairness of the state police as people involved in the scam were said to be politically influential. Since then, the CBI has sought extension of deadline four times.Each time, on CBI's request, the court granted extension of around two months. Thus the CBI has taken nearly eight months so far while initially it had been directed to crack the case in three months. Taking CBI's request for more time seriously, the bench headed by Justice Pradeep Kant had on January 13, 2012, had made its intention clear by communicating to the agency that the court expected it to complete the probe soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13045275", "title": "Scientists join hands with activists to save Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: While social activists under the banner of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam are nowadays busy in motivating people to save the Ganga, the community of scientists has also come forward to popularise their scientific feat for the service of the National River.\"The river's own energy should be exploited for pollution management,\" said Udai Kant Choudhary, former professor and head of the department of civil engineering and coordinator of Ganga Research Centre, Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University (BHU). He has propounded five theories of river management. One of them is the 'theory of three gradients for river pollution management'.According to him, in the human body all the metabolic processes, which disintegrate food, take place inside the body. Similar to this in the body of the river all the processes of pollution management need to be done in the flood-plain area on the surface of the sand bed. \"This is possible only when energies available in the form of hydraulic gradient, velocity gradient and gradient in the soil property are utilised together,\" he said adding, \"It gives the natural solution of the pollution problem at less cost on sustainable basis for all rivers\".According to his theory , integrated energy of soil, water and air at a river cross-section changes with the change in location of the section and time. The renewable energies, thus can be sustainably used for transporting, filtering and dispersing the pollutants at minimal cost.The gradients refer to the differences in level, soil properties in terms of coefficient of permeability, and depths of water, which ultimately control the velocity of flow near the two bank sites. If these gradients are used properly, the pollutants can be transported from the concave bank to the convex bank. The effluent can be managed in far better ways in the convex side sand bed, which exists at upstream, down stream and also in front of the city.Varanasi city is located on the concave side and sand bed exists at the upstream and downstream across the river on the other bank.According to him, a hydraulic gradient of value 10 to 12 meter is existing between the Varanasi city side and sand bed of the Ganga. This naturally indicates that the transportation of pollutants can take place with this available energy.The sand bed has naturally more absorbing power and high recharge potential. The value of the coefficient of permeability varies. Moreover the river's kinetic energy near the bank is sufficiently high. The concave bank has silty clay, low permeability, steep slope, small flood plain area, erosive zone, low transverse velocity whereas the convex bank has sandy bed with mild slope, large stable flood-plain area, high longitudinal and transverse velocity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13047572", "title": "Kareena Kapoor adjusts dates for KJo's b'day bash", "text": "Not many have refused his invitation to appear on his chat show. And now that he is turning 40, not many are willing to miss what is turning out to be a monster of a party either.The diarist has learnt that among the many who are making serious changes in their schedules to be in town for KJo's party are Ekta Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor . Ekta is cutting short her visit to Singapore to keep her date with KJo. Kareena, who was supposed to join Saif in Turkey , where he is shooting for Race 2 , has postponed her trip to attend the party. We are told a few top billed hoteliers form New York have already booked their tickets as well. We'd say keep watching this space for more updates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043097", "title": "Planning key to sorting out traffic glitches", "text": "PUNE: Politicians and urban planners in the city can learn a few lessons from Stockholm's experiences as a city working to cut back the environmental burden caused by traffic.Stockholmers, concerned about the environment, have executed plans to address the problems. Now, at least 30 % people walk or cycle to work or school, 61 % use public transport and over 25,000 cars in the city use green fuel. The city has a population of 13 lakh approximately.The Swedish capital has a well-planned traffic and transportation policy for the future. Intermediate goals include reducing the environmental impact of its own and chartered transport vehicles and having only green cars in its fleet which use up to 85 per cent of renewable fuels. The vision is to get all buses to run on renewable fuel by 2050.Stockholm also favours public transport through its parking policies, economic pressures and local traffic regulation.Pune, which is groaning under the weight of traffic jams, unruly vehicular movements and high accident rates, does not even have a comprehensive mobility plan to tackle the situation.\"Urban leadership has to understand that energy, transport, waste disposal and pollution, which are in some or the other way, related to traffic and transportation are the main challenges for urban sustainability. If a city fails to address these issues, the quality of life is going to deteriorate,\" Thomas Elmquist, researcher at Stockholm University, told TOI.According to Gunnar Soderholm, politicians will always go with popular sentiment, but planners and stakeholders should stick to reality. He is Stockholm's environment and health administration head.\"Politicians make popular decisions, but planners and leaders in various fields must explain the facts to them. Initially, there was immense opposition to decisions like imposing congestion tax on vehicles travelling to the central areas of Stockholm. Political leaders supported populist feelings and politicians even said that they would allow congestion tax only when they were dead. But sane voices pleaded the case well and convinced citizens about the need for a congestion tax,\" Soderholm added.Pune's traffic and transportation needs such a push. Ambitious projects like the Bus Rapid Transit System, sky bus, trams, light rail, and monorail were mooted with much fanfare, but quickly lost steam.On steps to improve the city's public transport system, deputy chief minister and NCP leader Ajit Pawar said he saw no issues in the purchase of new buses to increase the PMPML's fleet or running them on green fuel, but local leaders should sort out their problems over the side of exits in buses.\"The metro's proposal will be approved this week. There should be no problem for this project. It has the state and central governments' support,\" he added on Saturday.The NCP is not serious about any major project in the city, BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari, said. \"The city needs visionary leadership to steer the city for the next decade. Public transport and the traffic situation in the city is going to worsen,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13043276", "title": "State to start work on OBC list soon", "text": "KOLKATA: Keeping in mind the panchayat elections to be held this December, the state government is going to start work on preparing the list of other backward classes (OBC) living in panchayat areas across the state by August this year.State rural and panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee on Monday said that the list will be completed by August 24. The minister will meet all block development officers on Wednesday. This will be followed by a meeting with all district magistrates and zilla sabhadipatis on May 21 to take stock of the matter. The survey work will start that day itself.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had announced last week that the state cabinet has cleared a proposal for inclusion of 35 more castes in the state's OBC list, of which 33 are backward Muslim groups.Also, Mukherjee said that three new areas of work have been included in the 100 days work list. These are Horticulture, rainwater harvesting and minor irrigation. These three have been included under the with the existing four areas of water conservation, rural roads, pond dredging and Rajiv Gandhi Bharat Nirman Seva Kendra, which is a Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) project.The Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh had earlier sent a letter to the state and expressed his displeasure over the slow progress of the 100-day work scheme. In the past, the state could manage only 17 days of work a year for beneficiaries. On Saturday, Mukherjee said that the number of days has now been doubled to 34 days.The state government received a major boost on Saturday as the Union rural development minister announced that the centre will give Rs 4,000 for setting up 4,000 kilometer of new roads in the three Maoist affected districts and to renovate the existing 5733 kilometer rural road network in the other districts of the state to give them blacktops. The state rural and panchayat department only needs to get the approval of the zilla parishads and will be submitting the detailed project report to the centre for getting the funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13042439", "title": "JDA draws plan to earn more revenue", "text": "JAIPUR: In a desperate attempt to earn revenue, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will soon be auctioning land in its periphery. The JDA has also drawn an action plan to earn revenue other than auctioning of land.The Jaipur development commissioner (JDC), N C Goyal on Monday set a target of Rs 500 crore for deputy commissioners of all zones which is to be earned from land auction in the next two months. An official said, \"The authority will issue registered notices to all the allottees who have not deposited the lease money. The allotment will be cancelled if they fail to deposit money.\" Similarly, around 50 pieces of land auctioned by the JDA have been identified where allottees have not deposited the lease money. Directions have been given to issue registered notices and cancel the allotment.Due to financial crunch, the JDA is struggling to finance its own development projects that are hampering the city's development. For example, the JDA engineer wing had recently drawn Rs 200 crore mini-drainage plan after compiling a report submitted by different zones. \"Due to financial constraints, the complete work of repairing the drainages in the city is not possible. We will soon chalk out the budget to repair drainage on main points and propose it in JDA's budget meeting next month\" said a senior official.Also, the JDA has the mandate to provide financial assistance to other infrastructural bodies such as the Jaipur Metro Rail Coropration (JMRC) which has its own balance sheets in the red. As per the state government's directions, JDA will provide Rs 86.5 crore to JMRC and Rs 123 crore to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). Similarly, the JDA has to make a payment of Rs 249 crore for the construction of five Railways over Bridge (ROB) and Rs 71 crore to Rajasthan Urban Infrastructure Development Project (RUIDP).Recently, the JDA account balance was at approximately Rs 50 crore that worried the authorities. An official said, \"In March auctioning a land as expected was a little difficult. However, recently we also won the case of a land situated near Jawahar Circle. We are hopeful of earning more revenue in future. Also, plots for auction have been identified.\"EomJaipur: In a desperate attempt to earn revenue the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will be soon auctioning land in its periphery. The JDA has also drawn an action plan to earn revenue other than auctioning of land.The Jaipur Development Commissioner (JDC), NC Goyal on Monday has set the target of 500 crore rupees for deputy commissioners of all zones to earn from land auction in coming two months. An official said, \"The authority will issue a registered notices to all the allottees not deposited the lease money. The allotment will be cancelled if allottees fail to deposit money.\" Similarly , around 50 land auctioned by the JDA are been identified in which allottees have not deposited the lease money, directions have been made to issue the registered notices and cancel the allotment.Due to financial crunch, the JDA is struggling to finance its own development projects hampering the development in the city. For example, the JDA engineer wing has recently drawn Rs 200 crore mini drainage plan after compiling a report submitted by different zones. However, given at the present financial condition, the JDA will be unable to take up the work. \"Due to financial constraints, the complete work of repairing the drainages in the city is not possible. We will soon chalk out the budget to repair drainage on important points and propose it in JDA budget meeting next month\" said a senior official.Also, the (JDA) has the mandate to provide financial assistance to other infrastructural bodies such as the Jaipur Metro Rail Coropration (JMRC) has its own balance sheets in the red. As per the state government's directions, the JDA will provide Rs 86.5 crore to the Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) and Rs 123 crore to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). Similarly, the JDA has to make a payment of Rs 249 crore for the construction of five Railways over Bridge (ROB) and Rs 71 crore rupees to Rajasthan Urban Infrastructure Development Project (RUIDP).Recently, the JDA account balance was at approximately Rs 50 crore creating worries for the authorities. An official said, \"In March auctioning a land as expected was a little difficult. However, recently we also won the case of a land situated near Jawahar Circle. We are hopeful of earning more revenue in future. Also, plots in area have been identified for auction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044387", "title": "Supreme Court issues notice to Centre on SIMI ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notice to the Centre on a writ petition filed by ex-office bearers of the Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) that challenged the recent extension of a decade-old decision to place the organization in the banned list under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.Petitioners, Humam Ahmed Siddiqui and Meshabul Islam, said immediately after the 9/11 terror attack on America's twin towers the NDA regime had banned SIMI and this order had been extended from time to time - the last being done through a ministry of home affairs' notification of February 3, 2012.\"The offices and records still remain under government seal while almost all its then members have since crossed the maximum age of eligibility for membership. In these circumstances, it is patent that SIMI cannot still be in existence or be functional,\" they said through senior advocate U U Lalit.A bench of Justices RM Lodha, HL Gokhale and Ranjan Gogoi issued notice to the Centre seeking its response to the petition, which said it was not confining its challenge to the February 3 order extending the ban on SIMI but questioning the basis of the order placing the organization in the UAPA's banned list.The NDA regime had banned SIMI under UAPA on September 27, 2001, less than 20 days after the terror attack on US. The ban order had been upheld five times after mandatory scrutiny by a Tribunal. Only on one occasion, in 2008, the Tribunal had quashed the ban, but it was stayed by the Supreme Court.The petitioners said they would not participate in the proceedings before the Tribunal, which was to undertake scrutiny of the February 3 order, till the apex court judicially adjudicated the validity of the successive orders issued without application of mind to ban SIMI.\"Participation in yet another SIMI Tribunal proceeding would be an exercise in futility in the absence of adjudication by this court upon vital questions of law and procedure raised in the petitioner before this Court,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13043928", "title": "Realty firm chief out of country, says ex-wife", "text": "RANCHI: Sanjeevani Buildicon managing director J D Nandi has escaped with his wife and son to a southeast Asia country.Anita, the first wife of Nandi, told CID sleuths about Nandi after her arrest from Satara district in Maharashtra. \"She was forwarded to jail on Monday after preliminary interrogation,\" said investigating officer A K Sinha.The accused flew off to Thailand or Malaysia as soon as the forgery caught media attention, said a police officer who is looking into the case. A total of 32 people have been made accused in the forgery.Nandi hails from Hazaribag where he was involved in some petty business around 15 to 20 years ago. Nandi was accused in an abduction case in Hazaribag and a permanent arrest warrant was issued against him in 1995, Anita told her interrogators.After the police started searching for him, Nandi escaped to Raipur where he along with his wife Anita and three other associates started the real estate business. Due to differences with the partners, the business could not run for long and the Nandi couple came to Ranchi in 2000. The couple started real estate business in Ranchi and it boomed after Jharkhand was carved out from Bihar. \"The other accused - Nandi's second wife Anamika and associates Shyam Kishore Gupta, P P Lala, Arvind Singh alias Pappu, Ram Prasad Verma, Abdul Baham and Shamim Khan - joined later,\" Anita told the police.Anita separated from Nandi as he developed proximity to Anamika, who had joined Sanjeevani Buildicon as a staff around 2005, and married her. \"After their marriage, Anamika was made a partner in the business. I could not bear it and separated from Nandi,\" Anita was quoted by police.Anita has a daughter and a son. Nandi also has a son from Anamika. \"All the main accused persons have escaped to other states,\" said a senior police officer.DAV school bid to promote English on campus: The DAV Public School in west Bokaro area of the district, has issued a new directive to students asking them not to speak any other language barring English on the campus. Any student found speaking Hindi or any other language in the classroom or school campus, will be punished and their marks deducted.The school management has also decided to deduct marks of those students, whose parents and guardians evade parents-teachers meetings. Latecomers will not be allowed to enter the school gate.Principal Kiran Kumari Yadav, who resumed charge on April 30, confirmed that she has issued a directive to students asking them not to speak only Hindi on school. \"However, they can converse in Hindi in periods of Hindi, Sanskrit and moral education,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13043497", "title": "Amidst the din at MJM circle, Old City denizens cool off", "text": "HYDERABAD: The busy Moazzam Jahi Market circle gets a tad busier every summer evening. Headed to a corner near the clock tower are a constant flow of people, all waiting to savour a scoop of the season's favourite __ the fruit ice cream. Never mind the jammed roads, constant honking of vehicles and pollution all around, the ice cream shops here are chock-a-block all through the summer months.Apart from 'Famous', the oldest and the most sought after ice cream shop, the enclosure is shared by three other comparatively new members - Shah Ice Cream, Gafoor and Bilaal. \"The fresh fruit pot ice cream sold here is as delicious as it is inexpensive. The extra creamy texture and over sweetened taste make the ice creams here a one of a kind. We can easily polish off at least three ice creams in a row,\" says 60-year-old Abdul Khan who had come here with his grandfather as a child and now comes here with his grandchildren. No function in his house is complete without the ice cream from the Old City, he says.Explaining the special technique used in the making of the hand-made ice cream, M A Saleem of Shah Ice Cream says, \"The pot ice cream is made in a wooden barrel place in a steel enclosure. There is a handle on one side. On rotating this handle, the ice cream gets collected in the steel can within.\" His shop has been around for the last 20 years and he comes from a family of ice cream makers who once owned the Gafooria Ice Cream at Chowk near Charminar.Owners of Bilaal Ice Cream, a known brand which has branches at several other places in the Old City, say they chose to open a branch three months ago at Moazzam Jahi Market as this is where all ice cream lovers of the Old City come to. While they initially tried to market to a more sophisticated taste, with their 'Love Dale', 'Nutty Naughty Sundae' and 'Made For Each Other' variety, customer demand forced them to venture into pot ice creams. So in came chickoos, mangoes and water melons for Rs 10 a scoop.But if such is their popularity in the Old City, why have these joints not ventured out to other parts of the city? Aizaz Ahmed from Famous says, \"For sixty years, people have been coming to us. We are unanimous with brand Hyderabad. If people come to us on their own, why do we need to go to them?\" He feels that because it is not easily available everywhere, it adds to the brand value.Saleem from Shah Ice Cream thinks that because of their location in the Old City, they can afford to price it low and yet maintain quality. \"Venturing to other parts of the city means more investment and no guarantee of returns. People have a variety of big brands to choose from and even vendors with their ice cream carts are available at their doorsteps. But customers here are drawn to the fact that this is something exotic. And the Old City adds to the charm of our product,\" says Ahmed.Mainly non-descript in appearance, these stalls are not exactly what one can call hygienic. Here waiters don't wear use-and-throw gloves before scooping out the ice cream. Neither does the ice cream come in a hot-from-the-oven bowl. Presumably there are no regular checks in place with the GHMC struggling with inadequate number of food inspectors for the more than 30,000 food joints in the 18 circles of the city. But no one is complaining, as long as they get a mouthful of the easy-on-the-pocket freshly made pot ice cream. Says the philosophical Ahmed from Famous, \"There is only one Charminar in Hyderabad and people from across the world come to see it, so is true for our ice cream.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13044644", "title": "Visva Bharati to get Rs 150 crore grant", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday announced a grant of Rs 150 crore \"to revive and restore the glory\" of Visva Bharati University. The announcement came exactly a year after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had said the university, set up by Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore in Shantiniketan, would be made one of the crown jewels of the Indian academic world.Announcing the grant on the last day of year-long celebrations of Tagore's 150th birth anniversary, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said, \"I am happy to announce Rs 150 crore will be granted to Visva Bharati University to revive and restore the glory of this great institution founded by Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore.\"Mukherjee also announced that sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar would be the first recipient of the Tagore International Award. The award carries a cash prize of Rs 1 crore. The award is open to all persons regardless of nationality, race, language, caste, creed or sex, Mukherjee said.Last year, while opening the ceremony of Tagore's anniversary commemoration, the PM had said, \"Visva Bharati should rightfully be one of the crown jewels of our academic world. But a lot of work needs to be done to restore this institution to its former glory and for it to live up to the true ideals of its founder.\"The new announcement has been welcomed by the Visva Bharati community. Udaynarayan Singh, the university's pro-vice chancellor who was present in New Delhi, said, \"We hope a number of our dream projects will be taken up with this grant. We need around Rs 30 crore for the project named Einstein Bhawan, a centre of international standard where combined study and research of both science and arts will be conducted.\"Another important project is a museum of natural history and ecology. We have already planned to set up this museum, now we can start the work. There is no well-equipped media centre in Visva Bharati. We have thought of a media centre where the journalism and mass-communication department. We have another ambitious plan to build a second campus. It is not an easy task, but now we can begin this work of second campus.\"On Monday, leaders from India and Bangladesh, whose national anthems were penned by the poet, paid rich tributes to Tagore with Bangladeshi foreign minister Dipu Moni said Tagore would continue to inspire \"every Bengali\" at every point of life.Vice-President Hamid Ansari said Tagore was a multi-faceted genius whose creativity spanned every form of artistic expression and his concerns ranged from global and universalist ones to practical and mundane issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13046525", "title": "It\u2019s U for Kandupidi Kandupidi", "text": "Seeman starrer Kandupidi Kandupidi is all complete and ready for release. All hurdles have been cleared for the movie's release and it has been censored with 'U' certificate. The film is expected to release this month.Directed by Ram Subbaraman, a former associate of Prabhu Solomon, it has Seeman playing the role of a police officer. Newcomers Murali and Aishwarya Dev don the lead roles.The director said a murder takes place when arrangements are on for a wedding at a marriage hall. Police officer Seeman starts investigating the case. How he solves the mystery within a few hours is the crux of the film.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045458", "title": "Gandhi Maidan's makeover delayed", "text": "PATNA: The much-awaited facelift of the city's green lung, Gandhi Maidan, is going to take at least another eight months. Earlier, the work was scheduled to be completed by July end.Ranjeet Pratap Singh, executive engineer of the state's building construction corporation, attributed the delay to holding of various programmes at the ground and delay in seeking government's permission and funds at different stages. Talking to TOI, he said, \"The major reason for the delay is holding of programmes one after the other.\" Since May last year, heaps of soil has been dumped all over the Madian, spread over 62 acres.The facelift work was also delayed on account of the low-standard work initially done by the city-based architect, Ashish Kumar, who is the official architect for the job. \"Rectification of the initial work took time, but in order to save time, instead of changing the architect we sent notices to him suggesting modifications,\" Singh said. As a result, the levelling and gradation of the ground, which should have been completed by September last year, is still going on.After Bihar Diwas celebrations, the corporation has requested the district administration not to hold any programme at the ground so that its levelling could be done without hindrance. \"However, we are afraid that the upcoming municipal election would again disturb us,\" said Singh.Officials expect to finish the levelling and grading of the ground by June 20. The next step will be the construction of pathway, laying the grass bed and sprinklers. \"We plan to at least gift the Patnaites a green ground by the Independence Day,\" said an official.At present, boundary wall of the ground is under construction, while tender for constructing pathways has been floated. Proposals seeking permission and funds to begin laying sprinklers have been sent to the government authorities concerned.After the landscaping of Gandhi Maidan is completed, it will have benches, automatic sprinklers, lighted pavements and chequered polka-tiled internal pathways, separate play zone for children and bars and iron equipment for the fitness freaks. Outside the ground would be a four-feet-wide pedestrian walkway with raised planters in granite.The makeover plan is likely to cost Rs 8.5 crore, of which the corporation has received Rs 6 crore in the first phase. A sum of Rs 3.83 crore has already been spent.Besides, Gandhi Maidan will also have the world's highest statue of Mahatma Gandhi . \"For the 65-feet tall statue (25-feet-high pedestal and 40-feet-high statue), the government has allotted Rs 8.42 crore. Already, Rs 2 crore has been paid to Ram Prasad, the Noida-based sculptor entrusted the task of making the statue. It is supposed to be inaugurated on October 2 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041784", "title": "Operational cost survey for autos, cabs starts today", "text": "MUMBAI: The one-member Hakim panel has decided to conduct a ground-level survey of autos and taxis in the presence of consumer activists in the central, eastern and western suburbs of Mumbai to ascertain the \"operational cost\" of the vehicles. The first survey will be conducted on Tuesday.The survey will show the actual costs incurred by auto or taxi drivers to ply the vehicle and will help the panel decide on the future fare hikes. The Hakim committee has been set up by the state government to devise a new formula on fare hikes for autos and taxis. It has also been asked to recommend the formula on the basis of metric system of 1 km.\"The panel has relented to our demands for a survey. It will help to ascertain the number of kilometres run by autos/taxis for every kg of CNG. Our representative will be present during all the surveys,\" said Shirish Deshpande from the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat. He demanded that the committee should also order a survey of total kilometres run by autos/taxis per shift (12 hours), the number of paid kilometres, number of kilometres for which there are no passengers, the total revenue earned per shift, etc. \"There are so many other factors which need to be studied. We will request the panel to undertake those surveys as well,\" he stated.Welcoming the move, taxi union leader A L Quadros said that the union activists would provide vehicles for the study. \"It is high time the transport department studies our operational costs and gives us a fare hike linked to the cost of living index, fuel expenses and other relevant factors,\" he stated.Auto union leader Thampy Kurian said the RTO had conducted a similar survey for autos in the past. However, another auto union, led by Sharad Rao, has sought a fresh survey.One of the auto unions has already submitted a list of monthly/annual expenses incurred by drivers and demanded Rs 3.4 lakh pa for each driver. Quadros's union has demanded Rs 6.2 lakh pa per driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13045515", "title": "Patna University to hold admission test for UG &amp; PG courses", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) will now conduct test for admitting students to its various conventional undergraduate (UG) and postgraduate (PG) courses from this year. Marks obtained by students in the last qualifying examinations would no longer be the criterion for their admission.PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh, on Monday, said preparations were going on for conducting entrance test for admission at degree and PG levels. A decision to this effect had already been taken by the academic council of the university.The VC pointed out that it was being observed by the academics for quite some time that different colleges and PG departments of this premier university were not getting good students in the classrooms. Most students admitted to different courses on the basis of their marks obtained in Plus Two or graduation from different boards and degree colleges turned out to be of average or below average merit. The selection of meritorious students became all the more difficult after delinking of intermediate classes from PU colleges a few years back, the VC said.He hoped that only deserving students having real interest in academic pursuit would get through the entrance test and join various courses in the PU. The details of entrance test and admission at UG and PG levels would be announced shortly. The university may also consider the feasibility of holding common entrance test for admission to the three-year degree courses in all its constituent colleges.The results of Plus Two (intermediate) examination conducted by the CBSE, ICSE and BSEB are expected in the last week of this month. The results of BA, BSc and BCom Part-III honours examinations of PU would also be published by the end of this month.PU has already announced details of the entrance test and admission for all its vocational and self-financing courses. All the vocational and conventional courses at PG level would also shift to semester mode from the 2012-13 academic session, said PU students' welfare dean Ezaj Ali Arshad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13045264", "title": "KSEB overhaul to be a tough task", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) has submitted its proposal on final restructuring of the board, it would be a Herculean task for the state government to take a final decision on the same, without passing the liability on public.The board has recently submitted a proposal to the government for setting up Kerala State Electricity Board Limited with an authorized share capital of Rs 3,500 crore. As per the guidelines of the Central Electricity Act 2003, state governments should re-vest the boards' assents in the unbundled or restructured company/ companies formed in lieu of the state run boards.The employees' unions in the board have already registered their protest against the board's efforts and termed the assets evaluation of the board a hoax. They also demanded government guarantee to ensure smooth disbursal of employee pension in the long run. Unless the new company begins, its operations with a clean balance sheet, the very purpose of the restructuring would be derailed, they claim.According to B Pradeep, president, KSEB Officers' Association, the asset value assessment claims of the board have no scientific backing. The just over Rs 12,00 crore asset value the board had arrived at was fictitious, he claimed.However, the board chairman T M Manoharan said the board has done everything on its part to see the re-vesting of assents and formation of a new company in place of the board. Dismissing the allegations, he said the new company would be able to meet the requirements of pension fund through issuance of bonds. According to him, the board would not be able to pull on for long without completing the re-vesting process and transform itself into a company run by the government. Unless these processes are not completed soon, the state would not be able to avail many of the Central government financial assistance and support programmes for energy conservation , he said.Even if the board's claims prove right, the government will have to find Rs 4,520 crore for setting up a pension fund. Of this, the government plans to meet Rs 3,000 crore by making book adjustments in the money that it owes to the board. Even then, it will have pump in Rs 1,520 crore to the pension fund alone. It would be difficult for the government to infuse large sums of money to the new company, without passing at least a portion of the burden to the consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13044354", "title": "'Criminalising Sex is not the answer'", "text": "In a recent survey, Chennai's youngsters were asked what they thought about a proposal to raise the age of consent for sex from 16 to 18. Around 90% of the 16 to 20 year olds opposed the change. But when asked at what age sex should be allowed, Chennai's young decided 21 was right. Clearly, teenagers seem to believe that the age of consent needs to be a personal affair, rather than a legal one. But the proposed amendment to the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Bill 2011 has left parents and law enforcement officers unsure about the implications. It makes sexual contact with a girl below 18 a criminal offence, even if consensual. With the parliament set to debate the proposal, experts here worry about the implications.\"No one is saying encourage sex among teenagers, but criminalising it is not the answer. Is it right to use a criminal law to deal with changing social behaviour?\" asks lawyer Geetha Ramaseshan, who was one of the experts consulted by the law ministry a couple of years ago for a similar bill.\"You are thinking of regulating behaviour and that can be misused, defeating the purpose of the bill,\" she says. While the lines seem blurred on the policy front, the police have a clear-cut way of dealing with the issue. Govi Manoharan, Assistant Commissioner of Police MKB Nagar, says that if both the boy and the girl are under 18 and if there are no complaints, they are counselled and sent back to their homes. If the girl's parents complain, the boy is charged with kidnapping and he will be dealt under the provisions of the Juvenile Justice Act. \"The juvenile justice board monitors the boy until he turns 18,\" says an official.Manoharan says that in 2011, three north Chennai police stations had 27 cases of girls under the age of 18 missing. \"They are booked as missing but in most cases, they had eloped,\" says Manoharan. In 2012, these stations registered ten such cases.Criminalising consensual sex between teenagers complicates the issue, says Kamala, a parent. \"It might make the children more secretive. I would rather know what is happening than be in the dark,\" she says.Child psychiatrist Dr V Jayanthini, who is consulted by parents of sexually active teenage girls, says prosecuting those under 18 for consensual sex can lead to psychological trauma. \"This is the age when they begin to explore the idea of sex. If you arrest the boys, terming them as sexual offenders for something that was consensual, it can scar them for life, mentally and emotionally,\" she says.Bill Of ContentionAproposed amendment to the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Bill, 2011, seeks to make sexual contact with a girl below the age of 18 a criminal offence. The cabinet recently passed the bill with this provision and it will be tabled in the Lok Sabha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13041630", "title": "Carcass of wild boar found in wildlife sanctuary", "text": "PANAJI: The carcass of a male wild boar was found in a slightly decomposed condition at Kaskond in Bhagwan Mahaveer wildlife sanctuary by a wild life activist.It had probably collapsed in a dried up stream after sustaining some injuries in the abdomen and upper parts of the hind limbs. The affected parts were infested by maggots. The animal measured 128cms from nostril to tail and stood 76cms in height.A few injuries marks could be seen on the carcass. Though wildlife activists said the animal may have been hurt after it got entangled in traps laid near the forest area, a forest official said no traps were found nearby. A panchanama was conducted at the site, but the report is not received at the headquarters. Sukhendu Reddy of union of wildlife activists - Goa saw the carcass and informed the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "13044542", "title": "Capsules containing human flesh seized", "text": "SEOUL: South Korea has seized thousands of smuggled drug capsules filled with powdered human flesh and is strengthening customs inspections , officials said Monday . The capsules were made in northeastern China from dead babies whose bodies were chopped into small pieces and dried on stoves before being turned into powder , a statement from the Korea Customs Service said. Customs officials refused to disclose where the babies came from or who made the capsules, citing possible diplomatic friction with Beijing . Chinese officials have been cracking down on the production of such capsules since last year.The customs office has discovered 35 smuggling attempts since August of about 17,450 capsules disguised as stamina boosters, and some people believe them to be a panacea for disease, the statement said. The capsules of human flesh, however, contained superbacteria and other harmful ingredients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13044006", "title": "Girl being kept in illegal custody, alleges father", "text": "The father of the girl who was allegedly kidnapped by two persons in Bhatta village has accused police of keeping his daughter illegally in custody for the last four days. The girl's parents have moved court demanding to allow them to meet their daughter and end violation of law by police.\"Police rescued my daughter from Arariya district in Bihar on May 3. We came to know about this development through newspapers but cops did not tell us,\" alleged the victim's father, Yakub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13043166", "title": "ACB unearths more of Andhalkar's assets", "text": "PUNE: More assets of retired inspector Bhausaheb Andhalkar, including 30 acres of land in Maval, stake in a sugar factory at Tuljapur, two shops and four automobiles, have been exposed by the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune.A special court here on Monday extended Andhalkar's police custody remand to May 10 in an alleged disproportionate assets case.Andhalkar (56), the then in charge of the Pune rural police local crime branch, was arrested by the ACB on May 2 for allegedly possessing properties worth more than Rs 1.57 crore, which is more than his legal source of income.ACB assistant commissioner of police Hemant Bhat produced Andhalkar before the special judge A P Khurekar, following expiry of his five days police custody remand. Bhat filed a plea for extending his police custody remand for seven days.Additional public prosecutor Pratap Jadhav told the court that the ACB, after conducting searches on the 13 properties owned by Andhalkar and his family members, have discovered that he possessed more assets worth Rs 44.88 lakh.According to Jadhav, the ACB received information that Andhalkar had purchased 30 acres of land at Maval in the name of his relatives and friends. Jadhav argued that the retired cop had purchased four automobiles in the name of his friends and had also purchased a jewellery shop in partnership and another shop for doing fertiliser business at Barshi.The prosecution submitted that Andhalkar had purchased shares of Rs 20 lakh in the name of his wife and son in a sugar factory at Tuljapur. His son is a promoter of the sugar factory. On April 25, 2011, Andhalkar had started selling sugar factory shares and had performed bhoomi poojan of a cogeneration plant.Jadhav pressed to extend Andhalkar's police custody remand for another seven days on the grounds that the ACB has cited sufficient progress in its remand report.Andhalkar's lawyer Pratap Pardeshi opposed the prosecution plea saying that the court had earlier granted sufficient time to the ACB to conduct the investigations. Pardeshi argued that detaining Andhalkar in police custody will not serve any purpose. He assured the court that his client will cooperate with the ACB if he is released on bail.Andhalkar, who was made to stand in a box meant for the accused, told the court that the ACB has recorded his detailed statement about the properties owned by him.The judge upheld the prosecution's plea and extended his police custody till May 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13041682", "title": "Admissions to Vasco Kendriya Vidyalaya to begin from May 10", "text": "Registration for admission to Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 1, Vasco, will open for classes III and V up to May 10 from 2pm to 3.30pm. The registration forms may be collected from the Vidyalaya office. The last day of submission is on May 10 before 3.30pm. The prospectus is available on payment of 100. Admission in Kendriya Vidyalayas are not restricted to central government employees and are open to all ,only certain priorities have been laid down as per which children of different categories would receive priority in admission. The provisional admission list will be displayed on May 15, states a press release.Feast of St Peter's chapel at Siolim today: The feast of the newly renovated St. Peter's chapel at Tarchi Bhatt in Siolim will be celebrated on May 8. Siolim parish priest Fr Britto Furtado will be the main celebrant at the feast Mass to be held at 9.30am on Tuesday. A band led by maestro Romeo Fernandes from St Cruz will be in attendance. The air-conditioned chapel, which can now accomodate over 100 devotees, was blessed and inaugurated by Fr Britto on April 29.Classical guitarist to perform at KA: Classical guitarist Denis Azabagic is in Goa at the invitation of Guitar Guild Goa and will perform at the Black Box, Kala Academy, on May 10 at 6.30pm. He is on an all India tour, courtesy the Calcutta Classical Guitar Society, and will perform at Delhi, Pune, Chennai and Kolkata. Limited donation passes are available at Garden Central Music Studio, Panaji , above Baba Travels.Lecture series on health:Prajapita Bramakumaris Ishwariya Vidyala will organize a series of lectures on health, wealth and happiness by Dr Sachin Parab, a medical advisor from Mumbai. The lectures will be held at Mahalaxmi temple hall, Panaji, from 6.30pm and 8pm, on 8 and 9. Day 1 lectures will be on 'Bypassing the bypass surgery'. Day 2 lectures will be on 'Positive living with diabetes' and on the Day 3, lectures will be on 'managing negative emotions'. All lectures will be free of charge. For details, contact Brahma Kumaris on 9423056314 or 9960232524.Goldman Sachs training for women entrepreneurs:In order to help women entrepreneurs expand their existing business and increase and maximize their profits, the Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GCCI), in association with Acharya Institute of Management &amp; Sciences, Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad and Goldman Sachs, will present a training programme for women entrepreneurs who already have their own businesses. The training is part of a global initiative of Goldman Sachs and includes 19 days of classroom instruction (spread over three months), interspersed with on-the-job application and mentoring support. The cost will be borne by Goldman Sachs. Applications are invited for the next batch of training which is expected to start in July. Besides providing free training, Goldman Sachs will also bear the boarding and lodging costs of all the participants.For details call on 2424252.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13041735", "title": "Endangered \u2018trees of life\u2019 blossom at Rani Bagh", "text": "MUMBAI: Did you know the heritage botanical garden at Rani Bagh in Byculla, spread over a 53 acre-plot, is home to 286 species of trees, totalling a whopping 3,213? The garden hosts one such endangered species of trees Guaiacum officinale (Lignum Vitae).To commemorate the garden's 150-year milestone, the Save Rani Bagh Botanical Garden Action Committee will take you on a nature trail into these woods every week. The trails will give a glimpse of the flowering and fruiting trees, their medicinal values and the various birds and insects each tree attracts.Hard to find in Mumbai, but one can find an avenue lined by Lignum Vitae here. The trees bloom twice a year and during this time they look as if brought out of a fairy tale, say tree lovers.The tree's small-leaved canopy gets interspersed with bunches of flowers of shades of blue, the youngest being inky and the oldest white, all of which are visited by 'carpenter bees'. The flowers ultimately transform into tiny orange berries, each containing a seed covered with ruby red aril. These berries draw frugivorous birds: Alexandrine and Roseringed Parakeets, and the Red Vented and Red Whiskered Bulbuls.A native of the Caribbeans, centuries ago, the tree was revered by aborigines and its gum was used for medicinal cures. Hence, earlier it was called Lignum vitae, which translates as 'Trees of Life'. The gum is also used by forensic scientists to detect almost invisible blood traces as a chemical in the gum can react with blood to form a dark blue colouration. Known to be the hardest, Lignum vitae's wood is one of the few ones that sink in water but do not rot and hence the tree is in much demand to make boat propellers.However, as the tree is exploited due to its properties, compounded with the fact that it is difficult for the tree to propagate, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has categorized it as endangered. (Details and pictures by members of Save RaniBagh Botanical Garden Action Committee).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13044473", "title": "Diversions make Metropolitan Transport Corporation spend Rs 54,000 more every day", "text": "CHENNAI: Just when the Metropolitan Transport Corporation's revenues were looking up, traffic diversions on Anna Salai have made the buses burn more diesel-and a hole in the corporation's pocket.MTC carries over 50 lakh people for more than 11 lakh km every day, which is four times the distance from the earth to the moon. According to statistics from the corporation, each of the 3,500 buses travels about 316 km every day. \"This means the detours have added an extra expense of Rs 54,000 daily,\" said an official.MTC buses consume 2.37 lakh litres of diesel every day. \"With the average bus mileage around 4.4km per litre, we spend 62% to 65% of our revenue on fuel,\" said a senior official of the corporation. Fare revision introduced last November after a ten-year gap has increased the daily revenue from Rs 2.2 crore to 2.7 crore.Now, the traffic diversions on Anna Salai and Poonamallee High Road have made MTC travel an extra 6,000km - more than half the distance to London - every day. There are close to 900 services operating on these two stretches, consuming some 1,200 litres of diesel. Officials say that 439 services making more than 4,000 trips cover Poonamallee High Road. \"The traffic diversion in the area has made buses travel 4,300km more every day,\" said an official.Similarly, on Anna Salai, the corporation handles some 522 services with each service doing 10 trips. \"The diversions have forced us to travel some 1,700 km extra every day,\" said the official. With 6,000km extra, consuming 1,200 litres of diesel daily, the fuel cost has gone up by around Rs 54,000. \"The monthly expenditure has gone up by around Rs 16.2 lakh,\" said an official.With so many of the corporation's buses clocking in so many extra kilometres every day, the corporation might also have to replace some of the buses sooner than planned. The average age of buses now is around 3.6 years. The MTC replaces buses when they clock 7 lakh kilometres or if they are over seven years old.Officials said the situation could have been worse if there were no dedicated bus lanes between Nandanam signal and Gemini flyover. \"The dedicated lane on this stretch has saved us several lakhs of rupees. Apart from the extra distance, the congestion would have made it worse. I don't think alternative routes would have been able to take the bus traffic,\" said the official. \"However, these diversions are inevitable because the city does require a good metro transport system,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13042935", "title": "Untimely rain in Indore may delay monsoon, says met office", "text": "INDORE: Unprecedented rain continues to lash the city pleasing the Indoreans on Monday besides giving respite from the scorching heat. In the last two days, the city has received 16.8 mm of rainfall, which is the highest in Madhya Pradesh in May.Though rain has brought down the temperature and smiles on the faces of people, the met department believes that the continuation of the rain at this time may delay the arrival of monsoon this year. On Sunday, Indore and Rewa regions witnessed a maximum rainfall of 8.6 mm. On Monday also, a modest rainfall was recorded in Indore, Sagar and Hoshangabad districts.\"Comparatively, Indore has received the maximum rainfall in the last two days,\" said assistant meteorologist R D Meshram adding that last year, no rainfall was reported during the same period.He further said that the north-eastern parts of state continue to have upper cycle circulation, which is causing the modest rainfall at this time. The situation will continue to remain the same for the next few days, said the met official.\"The upper cycle circulation absorbs the moisture present in the area and forms clouds that cause rainfall. Though the area doesn't have good quantity of moisture, it only causes drizzle and mild rainfall,\" said Meshram adding that continuance of such a situation can delay the monsoon or it can weaken the rainfall during the first few weeks of the monsoon.He said that the arrival and quantity of monsoon deepened on many things including the formation of monsoon set-up over Rajasthan and Southern parts of the country. Monsoon set-up is formed with the help of hot weather. Since the rainfall has brought down the temperature, it may delay the formation of monsoon set up over Rajasthan and subsequently the arrival of monsoon this year.However, this time monsoon is going to be good, he said adding that it might be slightly weak in June but will gain pace soon following which July and August will receive heavy rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13044164", "title": "Police register case after 26 days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After 26 days of a road accident which snuffed out the lives of two young engineers, the Panchkula district police, on Monday, registered a case of death due to negligent (Section 304 A of the IPC) driving against the person driving the vehicle, while ignoring the contents of the complaints moved by family members of the deceased youths.Two engineers, Raman Kumar of Manimajra and Brahampal of Jalandhar died and four others were injured when their car fell into a gorge under mysterious circumstances on April 12.Hans Raj, father of the deceased Raman, told TOI, \"I suspected some foul play and demanded a thorough probe into the accident, in which two youths died but four others were completely unhurt. However my pleas were not heard by junior officials of the district police and I was forced to move a complaint with senior officials.\"Hans Raj, a retired official of the Punjab electricity department, said, \"Raman and Brahampal knew each other quite well, while the three youths, Varun, Kuldeep and Amandeep were not known to them at all.\" Raman had known Inderjeet for the last one year.Inquiries revealed that two youths out of four vanished from the general hospital, Sector 6, Panchkula, and none of the four underwent a medical examination after the incident. Surprisingly, despite the identity of the deceased youths being known, they were claimed to be unidentified when brought to the general hospital. Pawan Kumar, the younger brother of deceased, Raman Kumar said, \"We have filed complaint for registering a case under a tougher section so that all the youths could be interrogated but police have slapped lenient sections and booked only Inderjeet, who was driving the car.\"Inspector Ramesh Kumar, SHO of the Chandimandir police station claimed, \"The case was registered only after receiving a complaint from family members of the two deceased youths.\" He declined to comment when asked why all four youths were not quizzed after the accident.Advocate Ram Kumar Singla said, \"A case under Section 304A of the IPC should have been registered when the accident took place on April 12.\" District police has taken so much time to lodge a case, giving sufficient time to the accused to tamper with the evidence, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13043786", "title": "Dispensaries can also refer poor for free treatment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, even dispensaries run by Delhi government can refer poor patients for free treatment to private hospitals. Delhi government, in a recent circular, has issued directions to this effect. Earlier, only select hospitals run by the state were authorized to refer such patients.According to the letter, a copy of which is with TOI, medical officers of the dispensary concerned would be nominated as the nodal officer for referral of EWS patients. They will also be mandated for compiling and sending the monthly and quarterly reports on the same.\"The move is aimed at utilizing the free services for poor available at private hospitals that were given land at low rates. There are 43 private hospitals, which are mandated to reserve 10% of their in-patient department (IPD) capacity and 25% out-patient department (OPD) for free treatment to the poor,\" said a senior Delhi government official.He said hospitals which are undertaking dialysis as an OPD procedure have been asked to reserve 25% of their services for free, while those admitting patients, will reserve 10% of total services under the category. These centres will also have to provide drugs associated with dialysis for free. Delhi government is also contemplating recovery of profits made by private hospitals by denying free treatment to the poor since the possession of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13043020", "title": "Courses not approved by UGC likely to be scrapped", "text": "LUCKNOW: All students pursuing PhD from Lucknow University will be able to participate in the course work from next year. The decision was taken in a meeting of all the heads of the departments held under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor, Prof MK Mishra on Monday.\"Since the course work is an important aspect of PhD, students who are already enrolled will be given a chance to do the course work. If they pass, they will be given a certificate by the university. In case of failure, students will be given another year to clear it,\" said a university official.The meeting also decided to carry out PhD admissions by giving direct entry to Junior Research Fellowship (JRF) candidates. As per the university, the remaining seats will be filled through the common entrance test (CET) for PhD to be conducted by RML Avadh University on June 1. On this many heads pointed out that there are some subjects like public administration, women studies, tourism, and Jyotir Vigyan which are not included in the CET. For this, it was decided that the university will conduct its own entrance exam to fill up the seats.Discussions were also held on scrapping the courses, which are not approved by the University Grants Commission (UGC). On this, the heads were directed to provide a list of such courses running in their departments latest by May 9 to the registrar. The university will then request UGC to allow them run the courses. However, any course apart from undergraduate courses, which will fail to admit 40% of the total student intake, will be suspended.Besides, the university is also mulling to take MPhil route for PhD admissions from next year. In this context, all heads are asked to pass the proposal from the board of studies, so that it is presented in the academic council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-08"}
