{"city": "None", "code": "15349592", "title": "Kanya gets playfull", "text": "So what if she has already made a name for herself in playback? There's no stopping Somlata. The \"Mayabono biharini\" girl has recently recorded a song for a play \u2014 \" Kanya Tor\".So, how different is singing for stage? \"Professionally, it felt just the same. Since I didn't have the time to catch the play, I followed the brief during the song's recording. It was interesting and I'm looking forward to more such projects,\" says Somlata. \" Kanya Tor \" director Avi Chakra borty of Ashokenagar Nattyamukh says, \"The play is based on Tagore's work. It's about a husband who sus pects that his wife is cheating on him The play dwells on different human emotions. We thought of a theme song that will highlight loneliness and zeroed in on \"Jete jete ekla pathe\".\" Apparently, it took the director some time to convince the singer. But then, all's well that ends well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15344614", "title": "Kudankulam liability law puts Centre in a tight spot", "text": "NEW DELHI: As India prepares to sign a key agreement with Russia on two new Kudankulam reactors (KK-3 and 4), the PMO has highlighted a fundamental problem with the thorny issue of nuclear liability which not only threatens the future of India's civil nuclear sector but also India's relations with key foreign partners like Russia, US and France.The government aims to sign the techno-commercial agreement with Russia during the forthcoming visit of Russian President Vladimir Putin in October. The Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) is scheduled to discuss and clear the agreement in the coming weeks.The PMO has asked the law ministry for a legal opinion on the thorny issue of whether the 2010 nuclear liability law passed by Parliament should apply to the new Russian reactors. Under the right to recourse in the law, the operator (NPCIL) can pass on the costs of compensation (in case of nuclear accident) to suppliers if faulty equipment is found to have caused the damage.This is a key feature of the liability law that has had foreign suppliers and Indian private sector in arms against the government. Its for this reason that the law is deemed incompatible with an international convention India wants to accede to.The government is faced with two choices -- if it applies the liability law to the new Russian agreement, Moscow will protest, and it will go against a central tenet of India's policy. But if it applies the waiver to Russia, it could come under pressure from other suppliers, which would render the liability law as it currently stands, useless.The intergovernmental agreement between India and Russia (2008) said no retroactive application of domestic law would apply to the agreement -- that was interpreted to mean that the 2010 liability law would not apply to Kudankulam 1 &amp; 2 power plants. India absorbed the liability leaving Russia free. The Russian government has said the same agreement should apply to Kudankulam 3 &amp; 4.The clause in the Kudankulam agreement was put there by India because of bad history. In the 1970s, the Pokhran tests triggered a round of sanctions against India by some countries. In 1978, the Carter government passed the NNPA which unilaterally abrogated the Tarapur agreement, causing a historic low in India-US ties. From then, the Indian stand was that international agreements should triumph over retroactive application of domestic law. This was maintained by New Delhi through the negotiations on the nuclear deal.Therefore, when Russia insisted on the extension of the 2008 agreement on newer Kudankulam reactors, the Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) agreed. But this, as the PM has observed, is tantamount to giving Russia a special status, because it is believed to go against the principle of \"universal application of law\". It could open the government to litigation from domestic suppliers who don't enjoy such a waiver.More important, it leaves India vulnerable to rupture of ties with key nuclear partners, US and France. The French nuclear giant Areva is committed to building six reactors at Jaitapur, Maharashtra. France has been battling Indian liability law as well, and the lack of a level playing field by India would go down badly in Paris.American companies have already protested against the liability law, because they would have to seek enormously high insurance if they want to participate in the Indian nuclear sector. After prolonged discussions with India, Westinghouse signed the first early works agreement earlier this year despite the liability law.Post-nuclear deal, India and US exchanged letters where India made two commitments -- first, it would sign and ratify the Vienna Convention on Supplementary Compensation (CSC), and second, India would facilitate the establishment of 10,000 mw of nuclear power by US companies. India signed the CSC a week before Barack Obama's visit, but cannot ratify the CSC until its liability law is brought in line with the global convention.Meanwhile, US companies are having a tough time getting into the Indian nuclear sector because of the law. Indian companies, who have been suppliers to the Indian nuclear industry for decades, have been worse hit, because they cannot access the necessary insurance to remain in business. The liability law, with the best of intentions, could kill India's own nuclear industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350593", "title": "Bups Saggu to release Milky on 9th", "text": "VIP Records will be releasing Bups Saggu's new track, 'Milky', on 9th of August. The music video, which incorporates the pair's comic sides, will be released shortly after. 'Milky' is the second single from Saggu's upcoming album 'Global'.The new track features Jati Cheed, a seasoned vocalist who has paired with Saggu on previous projects such as \"Why This Kolaveri Di (Party Mix),\" as well as \"Intezaar Nahi\" and \"Vang Chanke\" from Saggu's solo debut album, 'Redefined'.'Milky' once again showcases Saggu's musical creativity. Renowned for mixing non-traditional instruments with authentic Bhangra elements, Saggu's continued success is due to his ability to mesh his musical influences with his personal style. Cheed offers another dimension to his vocal ability with a sound he hasn't quite shown before. 'Milky' is an upbeat track that offers fresh lyrics and original musical composition; a true taste of what Bups Saggu is capable of.Bups Saggu is one of the hottest British-Asian music producers of the moment following the ample success of his international smash-hit 'Punjabi Hurrr'. Not an up-and-coming artist anymore, Saggu has cemented his position in the Bhangra music industry.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15349776", "title": "Jammu &amp; Kashmir highway closed for traffic due to landslides", "text": "JAMMU: The Jammu-Srinagar National highway was on Saturday closed for traffic due to landslides triggered by heavy rains in Ramban district, leaving over 200 vehicles stranded.The landslides at Maroog, Sri and Ramban areas were triggered by heavy rains, which are still continuing, officials said.The men and machines of Border Road Organisation (BRO) are trying to clear the road, but rains are making the task difficult, they said.Over 200 vehicles have been stranded at various places en route the highway due to the landslides.Heavy rains lashed Jammu region this morning bringing relief to people from the high level of humidity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349377", "title": "I am a poet; can't write scripts: Arunoday Singh", "text": "This Jism 2 starcast descended for an exclusive meet and greet interaction with the Times Of India on Friday in Chandigarh. While director of the film Pooja Bhatt, followed by father Mahesh Bhatt, led the charge for Jism 2, the city went amok trying to 'catch' Sunny Leone, in their phones and cameras. Her two hot male co-stars Arunoday Singh and Randeep Hooda were content to bask under the sunny weather. Here are the excerpts - Don't be misled by his tall, broad shouldered (and by broad we mean really, really broad), masculine frame. For all his ruggedness, Arunoday Singh loves playing the vulnerable guy on screen, that is. The actor who was last seen in ' Yeh Saali Zindagi ', and even grabbed a nomination for best supporting role, is excited that the Bhatts awarded him a script that brought out a man's vulnerability.\"Bhatt saab (Mahesh Bhatt) wrote this character that was given to me, who is so vulnerable. I am glad I got that part,\" he says. Calling his role in Jism 2, 'unusual' Arunoday says, \"Every role for an actor should be unusual. If it isn't, then the actor shouldn't take it.\" And if this doesn't surprise you, wait till you hear Arunoday's other hidden talent. The guy is also a poet. \"Yes, I write poetry.\" But if you think he is about to turn his passion into a profession and pick up script writing, he says, \"No, I am a poet, I can't write scripts.\" So, how about lyrics of a song then? \"Well, maybe sometime I will. But for now, let me figure out acting first,\" quips the affable Arunoday who is the grandson of former Union minister, Arjun Singh. And just before you wind up on this sexy actor's other 'talents', he throws in another surprise by admitting, \"I like to make love to my girlfriend whenever we both have the time.\" Now, that is one 'talent' we are sure his director Pooja Bhatt has capitalized on rather well, na?\"I am comfortable with my body. So, there were no hang-ups acting in this film. My Hindi has improved tremendously since I first came to India. Earlier it was accented, now I would say it is rusty. As for more Bollywood Offers you'll have to call me back for that, I can't tell you right now,\" said Sunny Leone during press meet.It seems, Randeep Hooda's not so famous past has left some indelible impressions in the actor's inner mind...and ghosts from there have stuck with him despite now having turned an actor. Habitual of doodling funny caricatures, which Hooda calls...ahem, 'a decent drawing', he was upto his antics once again during this special press meet, quite unperturbed by all the quizzing whizzing past him.\"I am making cartoons of you all journalists,\" is what he said on being asked what was he doing. He even called them jokers for their entertaining news. Well now that his film has brought him one of the best recognition in the entire cast, we guess Mr Hooda has the self-proclaimed right to caricature the world around him! After we discovered Arunoday Singh's talent for poetry, Hooda's caricaturing faculty was yet another surprise element in the star cast. We wonder if Pooja Bhatt has anything to do with her film's actors bringing out their secret sides? After all, Hooda did call her, \"A director who can yield the whip.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15345545", "title": "Punjab gets 15 days to set up panel to check land grab cases", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Apparently not happy over the failure of Punjab government in providing infrastructure to Justice Kuldip Singh panel that was appointed to look into land grab cases across Punjab, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday directed the state to provide the required facilities within 15 days.Division bench headed by Justice Jasbir Singh of the HC has also made it clear that in case of non-compliance of the said orders, secretary in the department of home and justice, Punjab, should appear in person before the court.When the matter came up before the HC on Friday, the bench questioned the Punjab government counsel on the delay in providing the infrastructure to the panel, in the absence of a stay order from the Supreme Court.On May 29, HC had directed to constitute a panel to probe allegations of illegal possession of forest and village common/government land by VVIPs including politicians, IAS, IPS and others in the entire Punjab. Retired supreme court judge, Justice Kuldeep Singh, was appointed as head of the panel. While issuing directions, HC had set a deadline of 30 days for the Punjab government to provide necessary infrastructure and staff for the tribunal.According to the orders, the tribunal would empower to examine all records and if required, may seek additional time to complete the probe. Initially, scope of the tribunal proposed to probe the illegal possessions of village common land/forest land by high-ups in the periphery of Chandigarh but later, HC clubbed all cases pending before the HC and expanded the scope bringing illegal possession of land in the entire state under its purview.Around 60 high-ups including chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and DGP Sumedh Singh Saini are allegedly in possession of government/public land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15345520", "title": "Aman Ki Asha: Indo-Pak peaceniks to celebrate independence days at Wagah", "text": "Yudhvir RanaAMRITSAR: Indian and Pakistani peaceniks would gather at Attari-Wagah border along the India-Pakistan border for the 'Hind Pak Dosti Mela' to celebrate independence days of the two countries on August 14 and 15.The peaceniks, comprising civil society members, legislators, lawyers and journalists, would again propose a peace park along the border. \"The proposal to build the park derailed because of the Mumbai terror attacks,\" South Asia Free Media Association (SAFMA) secretary general Imtiaz Alam told TOI on Friday.Alam, who is in India to oversee arrangements for the mela and the opening of SAFMA office in Amritsar on August 16, said the park would be set up on a seven-km stretch, where both Indians and Pakistanis could come without visa and meet each other. \"It will be a place where Indians and Pakistanis could taste delicacies of both sides, play matches, share sentiments,\" he said.Alam said they do not want money from the two governments, but just the approval for the park. \"There are people and organizations on both sides to bear all expenses and the peace park would be an example before the world.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345236", "title": "Centre mulls all legal options on Kalakshetra", "text": "CHENNAI: Two days after the Madras high court restrained the 'reappointed' director of the Kalakshetra Foundation, Leela Samson, from functioning as director of the premier institution, the Centre has said it would approach the issue legally and would do whatever is required to sort out the issue.Union minister for culture and housing and urban poverty alleviation Selja Kumari during her visit to the Kalakshetra premises on Friday said, \"The ministry will provide all legal assistance to sort out the issue.\" Ministry sources said they would file a counter-affidavit in the Madras high court soon. \"According to procedure, we will have to file an application to get the interim order vacated,\" said an official.The minister said that there were no plans to replace Samson at present. \"She was re-appointed recently. It is an interim order and so we do not have to appoint anyone to the position,\" said Selja. The minister, who was expected to meet a few staff members to get their opinion on the issue, spent an hour visiting the various centres of learning at the Foundation.Leela Samson was absent during the minister's visit to the campus and she was also unavailable for comment. She is reportedly abroad on 'study leave'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15350376", "title": "K Jayaraj Pai re-elected as president of small industries association", "text": "MANGALORE: K Jayaraj Pai has been re-elected president of District Small Industries Association (DSIA) for 2012-13 at the 38 th annual general body meeting of the association here. A former six-term president of Kanara Small Industries Association, Jayaraj Pai was the president of DSIA during 2011-12. M Annappa Pai, N Arun Padiyar, and MB Shashikumar are the vice-presidents, K Sudhir Prabhu, secretary, Anil Rao BS, treasurer.Venkatesh Jeppu, and K Mohandas are the joint secretaries. The executive committee members are Shashidhara K, Sumith S Rao, U Gopinath Mallya, Jeevan Saldanha, Srinivas Achar, K Dinkar, GA Pais, Bhuvanesh NB, K Umesh Kamath, Manjunath Prabhu, Nigam B Vasani, Kusuma H Devadiga, Nandan Sherlekar, Arun D'Silva, Praveen Nayak, and Ramesh Bhat. Contact: DSIA, industrial estate, Yeyyadi, Mangalore - 575008; 0824-2211031.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15346827", "title": "Man crushed to death with boulder", "text": "MYSORE: A youth was found brutally murdered in Lashkar police limits on Friday. His head was crushed with a boulder Police are yet to establish his identity.Police suspect the victim may have been murdered late Thursday night, but the incident came to light when passersby alerted the police on Friday morning. The youth was to be 35 years old and could be a Muslim.CCTVs installed at Five Light Circle to check for crimes has failed to shed any light on the incident as the crime spot is a distance away from the areas covered by cameras.Sniffer dogs and fingerprint experts were rushed to spot to collect evidence. Police they have recovered a wallet, a gutkha and liquor sachet from the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345333", "title": "Road rage: Driver assaults 70-year-old", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city on short fuse did not even spare a 70-year-old war veteran who had won gallantry awards for his role in the 1965 and 1971 wars. The retired colonel, son of a former chief justice of India, was allegedly assaulted by the driver of another car who was outraged when he could not take a quick left turn as the former was parking his car. The accused almost choked the old man and also manhandled his wife who came to his rescue.The incident took place on Thursday afternoon when S K Mahajan went to Amar Colony from his residence in Friends Colony in southeast Delhi. Mahajan told TOI, \"I had reached the furniture market with my wife and was parking when a man in a Fiesta overtook me rashly and tried to turn left but could not because of the vehicles coming from the opposite direction. He asked me to move but I told him to wait as I was parking my car.\"The Fiesta driver then got off the car and began to hurl abuses at him. \"When I objected, he came to my car and tried to strangle me with his hands. I began to choke and asked for help. He also pushed my wife aside when she came to my rescue. He then pulled me out of the car and tore off my shirt,\" Mahajan alleged.Local people managed to rescue Mahajan who then called police. But the Fiesta driver managed to flee in the melee, police said. Mahajan was taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre where he was kept under observation for several hours.A criminal case of causing hurt, wrongful restraint and outraging the modesty of a woman has been registered. No arrest has been made but police have got the registration number of the Fiesta and also traced the driver who is absconding.Witnesses told cops that two women accompanying the accused tried to intervene but the outraged man did not listen to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15346375", "title": "Now, Mapusa municipal council fishes for more time for market", "text": "MAPUSA: The long-pending construction work of the Mapusa fish market will be completed within three months, Mapusa municipal council chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar said on Thursday.Construction of the new fish market project in Mapusa was taken up by the Goa State urban development agency. As per the original schedule, work was supposed to begin in December, 2010 and finish by February, 2012. The extended date of completion was a few months later, in June, 2012.The work had commenced in 2010 after the demolition of the old fish market which was declared unsafe, but work was suspended for some time because of a technical problem related to the the type of soil.\"We have been monitoring the work. The first floor slab is ready and the ground plus one floor building will be ready for fish vendors by October,\" Kandolkar said. The cost of the project is 7.33 crore. This project will house the fish market and chicken, mutton stalls.All fish vendors from the old fish market which has been pulled down for redevelopment have been shifted to a temporary settlement. They said that the condition of the temporary fish market is pathetic. The shifting of fish vendors to the new place without making proper arrangement for the disposal of waste water is resulting in foul smell, and making it inconvenient for the vendors to carry out their business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15350474", "title": "Call for privatization of Air India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The India chapter of the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation ( CAPA) has recommended that the government should privatize loss-making Air India in the next three to four years. Or else, it has warned, the airline would keep require large doses of public money every year to stay alive.\"Air India should be privatised over a period of 3-4 years - with clear and immutable milestones along the way. If the status quo continues, the airline will drain up to $1 billion per annum from the public exchequer over the next decade, an unsustainable and unacceptable scenario. If it is restructured and recapitalised, with its working capital debts written off, there exists the potential to create some value in AI at which point it should be privatised, with the government retaining a 26% stake. As the airline has no chance of a viable commercial future alone, it should be given the freedom to seek a viable airline partner as part of the privatisation,\" the report submitted to the aviation ministry as input for framing a new aviation policy says.The latest revival plan made for AI seeks close to Rs 30,000 crore equity infusion from the government over the next eight years. The government had ordered 111 new aircraft worth Rs 50,000 crore in 2007 for erstwhile AI and Indian Airlines .But even the new revival plan on the basis of which funds infusion is being made does not see the merged airline getting profitable for many years. There is increasing acceptance in the government that its decision to merge AI and IA has not gone as planned but the aviation ministry says that there is no possibility of de-merging the two now.Questions have long been raised over the huge aircraft order for AI that was sought to be funded purely by debt. The airline's financial position is such that it owes huge sums of money to airports operators, oil companies, vendors and even employees as unpaid salaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15346452", "title": "Duped, drugged and 'killed'; man survives", "text": "VASCO: A 55-year-old man returned home after he was believed to be dead by the persons who beat him up and threw him from Tillari ghat and fled with his money.The victim, Ram Shirumani Yadav, 55, from Baina, Vasco, was cheated of 17 lakh before the persons tried killing him.Vasco police said that Manuel Gracias, a friend of Yadav from Baina, promised him that he would help him buy a shop for 18 lakh from a third party.On July 18, Yadav handed over 10 lakh and on July 26, 6 lakh was paid to Gracias. On Thursday, as promised, Yadav came with cash of 1 lakh and a cheque to meet Gracias near the Vasco railway station as decided earlier. Gracias picked him up in a rented car and purchased two cups of coffee from a coffee shop.Police said that when the duo reached near Chicalim, Yadav fell unconscious and woke up near Tillari ghat in the north when he saw that there were two other men present in the car.The group beat up Yadav badly and threw him down from the ghat. Thinking that he was dead, the group left.Fortunately for Yadav, he regained consciousness at about 2am on Friday morning and it took him almost seven hours to climb to the top of the hill.He got into a bus and reached Panaji. After reaching home, the matter was reported to Vasco police.Vasco police nabbed Gracias and Prasad Kubal, both 32, from Headland-Sada.The third accused was absconding. Vasco police have registered the offense under sections of kidnapping and attempt to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15350829", "title": "Mumbai attack case trial in Pakistan adjourned till Aug 25", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The trial of seven Pakistani men, including Lashkar-e-Taiba commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, for their involvement in the Mumbai attacks was adjourned on Saturday for three weeks after defence lawyers were unable to attend the hearing due to the cancellation of a flight.Lawyers representing Lakhvi and the other accused were unable to travel from Lahore to Rawalpindi, where the hearing was held behind closed doors at Adiala Jail, because their flight was cancelled following heavy rain in the twin cities of Islamabad and Rawalpindi since last night, officials said.Judge Chaudhry Habib-ur-Rehman of the Rawalpindi-based anti-terrorism court adjourned the proceedings till August 25.Sources said the lengthy adjournment was also due to the ongoing Islamic holy month of Ramzan and the upcoming Eid-ul-Fitr festival.At the last hearing on July 28, the court did not record the statements of two Pakistani officials after defence lawyers raised legal objections to their testimony.The move came in the wake of Judge Rehman's decision to reject the report prepared by a Pakistani judicial commission that visited Mumbai to probe the attacks.The judge accepted the defence lawyers' arguments that the testimony of the Pakistan officials based on material provided by India had no legal value since the court had rejected the commission's report containing material provided by India.The seven suspects have been charged with planning, financing and executing the terror attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people in November 2008.Their trial has been hit by countless delays and the judge has been changed five times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15347193", "title": "Assam Rifles holds training camp for Manipur NDA aspirants", "text": "IMPHAL: A training camp is currently being organized for National Defence Academy (NDA) aspirants by 27 Assam Rifles at Kakching area in Thoubal district of Manipur.Despite being hit by insurgency, Manipur has produced a good number of NDA-qualified officers in the last few years.Among the sizable number of Manipuri officers serving in the Indian Army, one holds the senior post of a Major General, while two are Brigadiers.A large number of Manipuri youth turned up in the Army's and Assam Rifles' recruitment rallies, indicating their enthusiasm for joining the Indian Army. A few days ago, 16,00 youths showed up in one such recruitment rally in Senapati district.The Kakching training camp is structured around the multifaceted requirements from an aspirant to join the prestigious NDA, an Assam Rifles statement said.Highlights of the camp include various forms of physical training, games and sports competitions, obstacle course, public speaking, grooming classes and personal counselling.The main focus of the entire camp, the statement said, is to provide the aspirants intellectual and physical training to match the expected standards of the NDA.\"The pre-recruitment training camp shall go a long way in providing the much-required platform and exposure to the youth of the region and shall enable them to inculcate qualities of leadership besides a desire for self-improvement,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15346939", "title": "Hebbal flyover being widened by 3.25 metres", "text": "BANGALORE: The Hebbal Interchange is being widened to facilitate smoother traffic flow towards the Bengaluru International Airport. The Hebbal Flyover, as it's more commonly known, is one of the city's landmarks.The National Highways Authority of India has commenced work on widening by 3.25 metres the flyover loop leading to the airport. This follows rapidly increasing traffic on the interchange. Currently, the flyover records a daily passenger car unit (PCU) of about 1.4 lakh, which is projected to cross the 2 lakh figure in a year's time.\"NHAI asked us to approve the widening proposal. Understanding the increasing traffic volume, we approved it. The road beneath is suffering but it's the BBMP's responsibility,\" said TN Chikkarayappa, engineer member, BDA board.The deadline for completing the widening is April 2013. The extension piers have been constructed on the left side of the flyover loop. The first pier has been laid on the premises of the National Seeds Corporation building which is right under the flyover. The building wall was damaged some time ago when a BMTC bus rammed into it following brake failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15346230", "title": "'Delayed police verification delays passport issuance'", "text": "PANAJI: Confirming that delays in police verification were the primary reason for delays in dispatching of new passports, Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi, joint secretary and chief passport officer on the Passport Seva Kendra Project said, \"In Goa, only a third of police verification reports are received within 21 days.\"Though there's no specific time period for receiving the police verification report, cases abound where delays have been for several months, said officials.Pardeshi disclosed that the Union ministry of external affairs is \"working on a pilot model in Bangalore, where details of the applicant would be dispatched directly to the police thana (station) electronically\".Currently, details are dispatched manually through a printout of the application.\"If the pilot project is successful, it will be repeated in Goa,\" Pardeshi said.He also disclosed that in Bihar, the state government has implemented a rule where police verification has to be done in 28 days, failing which a penalty is imposed on police officials.On the Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) system introduced recently, Pardeshi said, \"The system has brought in transparency and accountability in the passport application process.\"There is no discussion required with officials and the applicant knows the status of the application on the spot, he added.He disclosed that all the 77 PSKs that had been planned by the central government are now operational and are being run by Tata Consultancy Services (TCS).Pardeshi said that in 2010 Goa's passport office had received 33,755 passport applications and 6,566 miscellaneous applications.In 2011, it received 34,667 passport applications and 6,834 miscellaneous applications. Since the launch of the PSK in Goa, 7,000 passports have been issued in a span of four months.Krishan Kumar, regional passport officer, Goa, said, \"There has been a significant increase in the volume of passport applications processed in Goa and mindful of this change we have customized the systems and processes accordingly.\"He added, \"We are committed to providing uninterrupted passport services to the citizens and to address their grievances effectively. Currently the citizen satisfaction index at the Goa PSK is consistently over 99.5%.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jiapur", "code": "15347735", "title": "Rajasthan tops list of underweight births", "text": "JIAPUR: In a dubious distinction, Rajasthan has topped the list of states with kids being born underweight. In about nine states in northern, central and eastern India, where nearly half of the country's population lives, a quarter of the children born in 2010-11 were underweight, that is, less than 2.5kg in weight at the time of birth.In Rajasthan, the proportion was as high as 39% with Jharkhand not far behind with about 36% children born underweight. In Madhya Pradesh and UP about 28% of newborns are underweight while in Bihar and Odisha about 22% fall in this category.This chilling data is contained in the voluminous results of the Annual Health Survey (AHS) conducted by the Census office in 284 districts of Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand. As expected, in all the surveyed states, the share of underweight newborn babies is more in rural areas than in urban areas.In Rajasthan, the urban rate of underweight newborns is 31% which shoots up to a shocking 42% in rural areas of the state.In Jharkhand, the urban rate is 32% compared to a rural rate of 39%. In UP, Chhattisgarh, Bihar and Assam there is hardly any difference between underweight rates in rural and urban areas.The proportion of underweight newborns is likely to be much higher than reported because only a fraction of newborns are weighed at birth, says Amit Sengupta, co-convenor of Jan Swasthya Abhiyan, a public health advocacy movement. On an average only about half of the newborns are weighed at birth in these states according to data in the AHS results. In two of the poorest states, UP and Bihar, only 26% and 32% of newborns respectively, were weighed.\"Those delivering at home, or in ill-equipped primary facilities are likely not to have their babies weighed. Most of these people will be from poorer and uneducated sections. So, their babies are more likely to be underweight ,\" explained Sengupta .In India, according to the last estimation done in the National Family and Health Survey (NFHS)-III in 2005-06 , the national average for underweight newborns was 22%. Results of the recent AHS show that except for Chhattisgarh, all the other eight states are still above this mark, almost six years after the NFHS III. The proportion of underweight newborns is less than 5% in developed countries.The main cause for underweight newborns is maternal malnutrition. This is not just restricted to the pregnancy period, according to child health experts.\"Chronic malnutrition amongst girl children leading to stunting leading to lowbirthweight is the pathway for the so called intergenerational propagation of malnutrition ,\" says Vandana Prasad, a pediatrician and health activist.Underweight babies suffer inherently higher risks of malnutrition, disease and death in childhood because their tiny bodies are already compromised, says Prasad.\"Every aspect of the child's development and growth including intellectual development is adversely affected,\" she adds.Perhaps, better nutrition in life now will help these babies compensate for their disadvantage ? Unlikely, says Amit Sengupta because several studies have shown that children who are malnourished and have access to adequate nutrition later in life, are more likely to be obese and suffer from diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345416", "title": "Killer held on return from Bangladesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Bangladeshi burglar who had fled to Bangladesh after murdering his best friend for allegedly having an affair with his wife has been arrested. Mohammad Khairul alias Armaan Chandni Mahal of Khulna in Bangladesh was arrested after he returned to Delhi last week and formed a new gang. An iPhone, a Titan watch and Rs 12,000 were recovered from him.On August 1, the north district police got a tip-off that a person named Mohd Khairul who has committed a number of burglaries in Delhi and has been declared a proclaimed offender in a 2003 Rohini case would come at Gupta Market. They arrested him from there.Khairul said he had come to Delhi illegally through the border in 1997 in search of work and joined the Munir gang of burglars as he needed Rs 600 daily to buy drugs. He was arrested in 2003 for the first time. Khairul remained in jail for 27 months and went back to crime after bail. Later, he was declared a proclaimed offender in the same case, cops said.He told police that he had met a person called Sattar in Delhi and they soon became close friends. Khairul's wife, Parveen, had allegedly developed an affair with Sattar, who was handsome and attractive. Once Khairul got to know this, he stabbed Sattar to death on November 11, 2011. He then fled to Bangladesh and returned to Delhi last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15346338", "title": "City college signs MOU with US institute", "text": "COIMBATORE: Engineering students from India have a strong theoretical background, but lack laboratory exposure when compared to those in the United States, said S K Ramesh, the dean of the Computer Science and Engineering Department at the Northridge campus of California State University . He was speaking to the press on Friday after signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Kumaraguru College of Technology (KCT) on 'adoptive technologies'.Most Indian students end up being tutors of Mathematics and Physics, which shows their capability. However, one of the major problems faced by Indian students is the lack of exposure. With laboratory exposure, the students will become well-prepared, he said.Ramesh said institutes including his, are looking for avenues for cultural and knowledge development. Learning from other places and nations is becoming a priority. At the same time, lecturers and students will be given opportunities for research and collaboration. They are coming up with wheel chairs which can be controlled by thoughts, he said. Similar projects can be developed through mutual collaborations, he said.At the same time he said that students and institutes in India must be careful of fraudulent institutes from US. \"There are fly by night institutes in the US which are at times closed down by the Attorney General. However, they can set up an institute in another state in no time,\" he said. Students and colleges in India must be careful about such institutes. The accreditation and ranking of institutes in the United States can be checked from websites and other sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15346325", "title": "City treated to a solar-halo spectacle", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents were treated to a spectacular display in the sky on Friday when a rainbow-like halo formed around the sun at 9 a.m. and continued to entertain the crowds for the next five hours taking on different colours as the day went by. People were seen in large numbers in open spaces, terraces and even on the streets, excitedly capturing the unusual riot of colours on their mobile phones and cameras.Many residents recalled a similar halo which they witnessed in 2005. This time around, the halo was visible even in neighbouring towns such as Erode, Tirupur and Palakkad. Although initially there was some confusion whether direct viewing of the spectacle would damage the eye, by 10 a.m. people were at ease and they began gathering in open spaces where they could get a good view of the halo.\"I felt really blessed to see the halo at 9.10 a.m. I was so excited that I took several pictures of the spectacle using my phone camera. It was a pleasant surprise,\" said Juhi Lalka, a resident of Saibaba Colony. \"It looked like a colourful ring around the sun. It was a pleasant day, not too hot and I didn't feel any uneasiness despite direct exposure,\" said B Nayan, a class 8 student of Kendriya Vidyalaya.Amidst all the excitement, there was a moment of panic when newspapers began receiving several calls asking whether it was a sign of the apocalypse. One resident who identified herself as Nalani from Ramanathapuram even contacted the TOI office wanting to know if it was the beginning of the apocalypse as mentioned in the Mayan calendar.However, scientists said it was a normal phenomenon and there was nothing to worry about. This optical effect is actually produced by sheets of really thin clouds called cirrostratus. What's particular about these types of clouds is that they're so high in the atmosphere that they're made of ice crystals. It's the ice crystals that refract, reflect and bend the light in such a way so that it produces the halo effect around the sun. On days when you see the sun halo, you'll also notice that the sky has a faint white and hazy tint, which is the thin veil of cirrostratus clouds. It's also not uncommon to see the same halo around the moon if the right type of cloud is in place,'' explained Dr P Iyamperumal, Executive Director of Tamil Nadu Science and Technology Centre.D Mangalaraj, head of the Department of Nano-Science and Nano-Technology at Bharathiar University also confirmed that the halo is not harmful. Moisture in the atmosphere had caused this spectacle. It has no harmful effect. Direct exposure to sun light would cause uneasiness and nothing more,'' he said. The halo started fading by 1.30 pm when the temperature shot up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15347682", "title": "Britain develops palm-sized drone to take on Taliban", "text": "LONDON: It may seem like one of the futuristic James Bond gizmos, but it is for real . A new 'nanodrone' weighing just 198 grams, one of the smallest unmanned aerial vehicles in world, has been devised in UK and is currently being examined by US military to take on the Taliban .It fits in the palm of a hand could become a potent new weapon for the forces in the fight against the Taliban.Military chiefs believe the spy drone called the SQ-4 Recon, worth \u00a320,000 and one of the smallest unmanned aerial vehicles in the world, will save soldiers' lives in Afghanistan. It is a miniature version of Little Nellie, the autogyro flown by James Bond in the film \"You Only Live Twice\" .Devised by Cardiff-based BCB International and Middlesex University's Autonomous Systems Laboratory, the SQ-4 Recon is being examined by the US military.The 'nanodrone' contains two cameras which allow soldiers to look over hills and inside enemy bunkers without the risk of being killed or injured, the Daily Mail reported. It can be operated remotely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15346529", "title": "Jawan arrested for attacking minor girl", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In a shocking incident, an Army jawan was arrested on the charges of trying to outrage the modesty of a minor girl on a running train here on Friday. According to railway DSP DN Mahesh, Clement from Allepey, who is working with the electrical wing at the western army headquarters, Mumbai was travelling in Bokoro Express in a reserved coach. There was also a family of railway employee travelling in the same coach.Late in the night, Clement is believed to have got down from his berth and attacked a 13-year old girl sleeping in the middle berth. Shocked to see a man occupying the berth in which her daughter was sleeping, her mother immediately alerted the TTE as well as the other passengers, who took him into custody.The staff and passengers handed over Clement to the railway police when the train reached Vijayawada in the morning. DSP said that the jawan was arrested under the Section 354 of IPC and sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15344542", "title": "Delhi women gun for arms licences", "text": "NEW DELHI: It could be a new measure of women's emancipation or just a passing fad, but Delhi Police has been stumped by the huge number of working women seeking gun licences. The trend is partly a response to the city's lawlessness but may also reflect the growing need of women to be in control, claim senior officers.In the past two years, Delhi cops have received over 900 applications for guns from women. While year 2010 saw around 320 applications, the figure had grown to around 500 in 2011. But it's not only the numbers that's a break from the past. There's a change as well in the reasons cited by women for bearing arms.\"Women earlier mostly cited the inheritance clause - saying their fathers or husbands had a licence which they want to continue holding. Many women applying under this clause were proxies for men who themselves would not have got a licence. But of late women are citing 'self-defense' to apply for a licence,\" said an officer in the licencing department.In general, 20-22% of all applicants are now women. The officer said 27 licences were issued to women in 2010. Of these, 17 were those who had applied under the inheritance clause. In 2011, 33 women were granted gun licences, 12 of whom had cited self-defense as a reason.Till July this year, five women have been granted licences on the basis of personal threats and six on the inheritance clause. In 2010 and 2011, over 600 rejected applications were rejected as no \"personal safety threat was assessed\".Rajya Sabha MP Renuka Chaudhry, herself a gun licence holder, was recently quoted as saying that women need guns more than men \"who flaunt the weapons at weddings\".Mridula Nandy, who unsuccessfully attempted to get a license last year, expresses a similar view. \"They kept on asking what do I have to fear. Well, I stay in a place where I am taunted on the roads. At night, I feel unsafe. I will not necessarily fire at someone but a gun boosts confidence,\" she said.Interestingly, even as Indian shooters are doing reasonably well at the Olympic Games bagging silver and a bronze, some women are also applying for gun licences to pursue sport. While two women were granted license under the sports quota, the number doubled in 2011. This year, three women have already been granted licences for pursuing shooting.In general, police are accused of being too strict while granting women licenses, with the age old inheritance clause still being is the surest way of acquiring a licence. Some allege \"a recommendation from a higher up\" is crucial in securing a licence.Cops deny the charges, claiming the criteria for both sexes remain the same. \"We grant licenses on three accounts. We check whether the woman has to travel alone at night, whether she is being stalked or harassed or whether she visits a crime-prone area,\" said a senior police officer.He added, \"India cannot be seen as a state that promotes guns, unlike some western nations. We will ask everyone to go through the necessary checks and balances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347362", "title": "RWAs not keen on adopting parks, MC still hopeful", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It been over 20 days since the Chandigarh municipal corporation passed a proposal to hand over neighbourhood parks to the resident welfare associations (RWA) for maintenance and development, but not even a single request has come from RWAs to adopt these till now. The present poor condition of the parks is stated to be the prime reason for not adopting these by RWAs who feel that it is the civic body's responsibility to maintain the parks and if RWAs adopt these it would not be possible to maintain these in the absence of any machinery or manpower. The development has come as a huge embarrassment and set back for the civic body authorities as they had taken great pains and even framed MoU to hand over these parks to RWAs. Chairman P C Sanghi of Federation of Sectors' Welfare Association of Chandigarh (FOSWAC), which is umbrella body of 60 RWAs in the city, said, \"We discussed the abovementioned proposal with the members of RWA in our executive meeting, where over 95% members rejected the idea to adopt parks. The members felt that they neither have the manpower nor the funds to maintain these. Besides, the huge finances involved in the exercise would create unnecessary problems within RWAs.\" Surinder Sharma, president of resident welfare association of Sector 15, said, \"We are already managing the sanitation system in our area and have hired langoors on our own for the safety of public, which is basically civic body's work. Now we don't want to take the headache of parks as this is MC's responsibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344709", "title": "Doctor's find 15cm long mop in woman's abdomen", "text": "MUMBAI: When Shaheen Shaikh (37) experienced abdominal pain even two months after a 'successful' operation for removal of stones in the gallbladder by a Mira Road doctor, she didn't have the faintest idea of what was causing it.A CT scan by doctors at Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani hospital, Andheri, detected the presence of a foreign object in Shaheen's abdomen. When operated, the doctors recovered a 15-cm long abdominal mop, used to swab out blood during surgery.Shaheen on Wednesday filed a medical negligence case against Dr Choube with the Mira Road police station. While she suffered massive abdominal pain for two months after the operation, her husband Mohammed Shaikh lost his private job, as he was busy attending to her.She recalled that she had been operated for removal of stones from the gallbladder by laparoscopic surgeon Dr Shalil Choube, who runs the Badri Vishal Polyclinic and Hospital at Poonam Nagar in Shanti Park, Mira Road. A resident of Asmita Pearl building, Naya Nagar, in Mira Road, she had been complaining of severe pain since February.Her family doctor M B Makandar diagnosed the presence of stones in the gallbladder. He recommended her to Dr Choube, who decided to perform laser surgery on March 18. During the course of the laser surgery, Dr Choube decided to switch to open surgery due to complications.She was discharged from hospital on March 31 but continued to experience abdominal pain. She went to Dr Chaube for a follow-up but was assured that the wounds would heal over a period of time and that the pain would then subside.As the pain continued, she approached Kokilaben hospital in May. Doctors there noticed the foreign object in the abdomen region. She was operated again on May 10 when the surgical mop, used to block bleeding, was removed from the abdomen.Shaheen, who is recovering at home, alleged that when she was in pain, Dr Choube assured her that it would subside. She could not believe that she had been carrying a surgical mop inside her abdomen for around two months.Dr Choube has been charged under sections 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others). No arrests have been made.The Shaikhs plans to claim compensation from Dr Choube as they spent over Rs 3 lakh on the surgery and medical expenses at Kokilaben hospital. This is in addition to the Rs 30,000 charged by Dr Choube for the surgery. Dr Choube could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345013", "title": "First UPA panel meet on August 8", "text": "NEW DELHI: The newly constituted UPA coordination committee is expected to hold its first meeting before the beginning of the monsoon session of Parliament on August 8, with the proposed food security law and drought-like conditions expected to be on the agenda.Sources said the meeting, likely to be held either on Monday or Tuesday, will also forge a common stand on issues that are likely to dominate the session.The panel was set up last month when NCP threatened to pull out of the government in protest against Congress's \"unilateralism\". Besides NCP, all the UPA constituents which are part of the government -- Trinamool, DMK, RLD, National Conference and Indian Union Muslim League -- are part of the coordination committee.There is divergence among partners over what they consider to be the mandate of the panel, with NCP arguing that its brief extended to vetting policy measures. As opposed to this, Congress has a minimalist take of the mandate of the committee.The first meeting may also see the coalition partners hashing out their differences on the food security bill against the backdrop of NCP boss and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar's fears about the repercussions of the ambitious reach of the legislation which is billed to be UPA-2's signature scheme.The committee, to be headed by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , is likely to have representation of all major allies and meet \"at least once every month\". During UPA-1, the coordination committee with the Left had emerged as a powerful body outside Cabinet and major decisions of the government were vetted by the panel.Meanwhile, the UPA partners met on Friday to discuss the strategy for the vice president polls.The Congress-NCP coordination committee, another product of the Congress-NCP truce, will hold its first meeting in Mumbai on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15347365", "title": "Man killed in Vadala Naka road mishap", "text": "NASHIK: A resident of Khargon, Madhya Pradesh , Mukesh Harinam Solanki, was killed in a road accident on Wednesday night. According to police, Solanki was crossing the road near Kureshi Nagar at Vadala Naka, when a speeding truck driven by Kishor Madhav Valvi of resident of Untawadi, Patil Nagar, Cidco knocked him down. The An offence in this regard case has been registered at Bhadrakali police. station under Section 304 (A)- causing death by negligence.In another incident, Deepak Maruti Saundarya (35) of Varad Laxmi Row House, Gajanan Nagar, Pathardi Phata was knocked down by another speeding truck near Abhinandan Lawns, Pathardi Phata on Thursday. A complaint has been lodged at the Indiranagar police station. Saundarya was driving a bike when he was knocked down by the container. The Indiranagar police have registered an offence in this regard.House break-in: at Gangapur: Jewellery and cash amounting to Rs 1.45 lakh were burgled in a break-in at the Gangapur village area early on Thursday. Santosh Patil of Manjula Bungalow, Gangapur, said the burglars broke inton the house the latch and lock of the bungalow between 1.30am and 6am. to enter and steal the cash and jewellery kept in a cupboard inside the bedroom.The Gangapur police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15347783", "title": "Arkavathy sites are elusive, but BEML society gets 53", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as the 8,800 site allottees and thousands of farmers are knocking the BDA's door after giving away their land for Arkavathy Layout, the civic agency has given away 53 sites to the president and directors of the BEML Employees' Housing Co-operative Society.While the housing society has confirmed it's got 53 sites, the BDA has denied it. TOI has documents that confirm the allotment.Munnagappa, president of the BEML Employees Housing Co-operative Society , said the society owns the land that was acquired by the BDA and had, thus, sought compensation.\"We own 78 acres in Thanisandra, Byrathi Khane, Geddlahalli and Hennur bought from farmers in 2004 after an agreement in 2001. In 2004, the BDA simultaneously issued a preliminary notification to acquire the land in these villages. We went to the BDA like any other farmer seeking compensation. There are thousands of BEML employees who are waiting for their sites in our layout,\" he added. The society got the sites in March and April.BEML sources say: \"There were efforts to denotify the land owned by BEML. But after the government declared a 60:40 ratio for allotment of sites, the society moved the BDA seeking compensation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "samrala chowk", "code": "15347300", "title": "\u2018Flyover will be a boon\u2019", "text": "SAMRALA CHOWK: A week after Ludhiana, Times of India highlighted how contractors had stopped flyover construction at Samrala Chowk, National Highway 1, for over a month, the work has been resumed. On July 25, the issue was stressed in a report, \"No flying over Samrala Chowk\". Happy that the work has resumed, Rakesh Sood, a College Road resident and businessman who deals in interior decoration accessories, said, \"It takes one-and-a-half hours to reach Samrala Chowk when I am coming from Chandigarh. And jams at the chowk takes about another 30 minutes. The flyover will enable us cross the chowk in less than a minute.\" \"It has missed many deadlines. I hope it will be completed soon,\" said BRS Nagar resident Manjeet Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346501", "title": "Two held for creating fake GO", "text": "HYDERABAD: The officials of Crime Investigation Department (CID) arrested two persons for allegedly creating a fake GO in the name of endowment department on Friday.CID officials said that in 2010 Ravanam Veera Venkata Raghava Rao, deputy surveyor in the office of the district surveyor and land records, Kakinada, and Ravanam Balakrishna, his younger brother, allegedly created a GO regularising a 2,032 square yards land in survey No 151/ 1B, Simhachalam, in favour of one Madena Narayanamma.\"The fake GO directed the commissioner (Endowments) to make necessary arrangements through the executive officer, Sri Varaha Laxmi Narasimha Swamy Devasthanam, Visakhapatnam, and to collect the necessary amount for regularisation as per the original GO.No.578 of endowments department,'' CID officials said in a press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350849", "title": "Theater child actor Afsana Ahmed debuts with Savdhaan India", "text": "Life OK's show 'Savdhaan India' has slowly and steadily managed to win hearts of the viewers thanks to its gripping storyline and extra-ordinary performances.The upcoming episode of the show produced by Rowdy Rascals will show the adversities of child marriage and early pregnancy.Afsana Ahmed, a theater child actress has been roped in to play an important role on the show.The upcoming episode of the show will unfold a story of a minor girl who is forced to get married at an early age. But she revolts against this custom and decides to educate herself.The story will be situated in West-Bengal and Afsana will play the role of Pinky the protagonist's best friend who helps and supports her in her journey.When contacted, Afsana her mother received the call and said, \"Yes, Afsana is doing the show but I can't divulge the details of the show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345858", "title": "Government seeks land for pig slaughterhouse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fearing an outbreak of Japanese encephalitis , the city's health minister on Friday asked Delhi Development Authority (DDA) to immediately identify and allot 10-12 acres of land to the government for setting-up a pig slaughterhouse, pig livestock market and allied activities. Last year, the city reported nine cases of the disease, claimed a government release.After holding a meeting on the issue, the minister, Dr A K Walia, said it was DDA's duty to make necessary amendments in the Master Plan 2021, if required, for permitting pig slaughtering activities and setting up a slaughterhouse here. \"The erstwhile MCD had pursued the matter with DDA for more than five years but did not succeed,\" he said.At present, pigs are brought from neighboring states for slaughtering. \"Pork sellers illegally slaughter pigs on their private premises, creating conditions for the spread of Japanese encephalitis,\" said the release.A meeting was held early in the day to review the need for setting up of a slaughterhouse in Delhi. The meeting was attended by senior officers of municipal bodies, Delhi government and DDA officials. The officers of the DDA pointed out that there is no provision for construction of a pig slaughterhouse under Master Plan 2021.As per the government release, pork sellers have been slaughtering pigs in their own premises, which is causing environmental &amp; water pollution as the blood of slaughtered animals flows into the sewer lines.\"Due to insanitary conditions caused by indiscriminate pig slaughtering in various parts of the city, it is necessary to set up a pig slaughterhouse in Delhi,\" says the release. However, the local bodies are dependent upon DDA for allotment of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "15350106", "title": "Blood diamond smuggler from Congo arrested", "text": "SURAT : Jean Tshimaga, a foreign national from Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), who was nabbed by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) on the charges of smuggling illicit diamonds worth Rs 4.24 crore has been sent in the one year custody under the Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act, 1974, (COFEPOSA) on Friday.Tshimaga's arrest under COFEPOSA was granted by the Central Advisory Board of COFEPOSA in New Delhi last week.Official sources said Jean Tshimaga was arrested by DRI sleuths in September-2011 with 10,000 carat of blood diamond consignment valued at Rs 4.24 crore. The accused had brought the illicit diamonds into the country from Kinshasa to deliver the goods to a diamond trader identified as Pravin Ajudia, hailing from Rajkot.The 10,000 carat rough diamonds brought by the foreign nationals were without Kimberley Process (KP) certificate and thus they were illegally brought into the country.The Kimberley Process Certificate Scheme (KPCS) is the process designed to certify the origin of rough diamonds from sources which are free of conflict funded by diamond production. Every rough diamond consignment entering into the country bears a KP certificate, which is issued by the KP office in the country from where the diamonds have originated. If the diamond consignment does not have KP certificate then it is treated as blood diamonds .\"The accused was sent to the judicial custody after his arrest last year and that the DRI had started the process under COFEPOSA. The Central Advisory Board has granted one year jail to the foreign national under COFEPOSA\" said a DRI officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346448", "title": "Cash-for-bail case: Gali brother surrenders", "text": "HYDERABAD: After playing hide and seek with cops over the last few days, cash-for-bail case accused Karnataka MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy finally surrendered before Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on Friday evening.At about 6.05pm on Friday, Bellary (Urban) MLA Somasekhar Reddy arrived at the ACB headquarters at Mojamjahi Market in a white Maruti Ritz (AP 28 BN 9009) accompanied by three of his associates.The car directly entered the ACB premises and, before media personnel waiting there could realize what was happening, ACB sleuths had escorted the MLA into the office.Sources said that two of the three persons accompanying Gali Somasekhar were Bellary corporators Diwakar and Govindraj. Given that Gali Somasekhar arrived at the ACB office in a locally registered car, sleuths believe that the on-the-run MLA had been in the city for the last few days.Gali Somasekhar has been named along with seven others, including suspended CBI judge T Pattabhi Rama Rao, his son Ravi Chandra, retired judge TV Chalapathi Rao, history-sheeter P Yadgiri Rao, advocate Aditya, Kampli MLA TH Suresh Babu and his relative Dasaratharami Reddy as an accused in the case.Except for Gali Somasekhar, all the other accused have already been arrested and remanded in judicial custody.It is learnt that ACB sleuths are grilling the MLA about various issues related to the cash-for-bail case including on how and from where he managed to get the crores of rupees to pay bribes to the arrested judges and other accused.Meanwhile, the local ACB court reserved its orders to August 9 on Gali Somasekhar's anticipatory bail plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345233", "title": "Half of Mumbai homes now have set-top boxes", "text": "NEW DELHI: About 50% of Mumbai's TV households have switched to set-top boxes (STBs), indicating the pace at which digitization of cable services has picked up over the last few months. Four metro cities, including Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai, are expected to be completely digitized by October 31.In Mumbai, there are an estimated 34.85 lakh households of which 17.07 lakh have set-top boxes. The I&B; ministry said according to the Multi-System Operator (MSO)-wise data for Mumbai, Hathway had installed 6.16 lakh STBs followed by IMCL (4.77 lakh), Digicable (2.57 lakh), Den (1.40 lakh) and WWIL (50,000 STBs). Other independent MSOs had installed 1.69 lakh STBs.Since the last few months, the ministry has cracked the whip on MSOs to ensure that the October-end deadline is met. Originally, the first phase of digitization was expected to be completed by June-end but had to be postponed.The I&B; ministry has been holding fortnightly meetings with stakeholders to take stock of the progress. Meetings are being held with MSOs every 15 days to assess their preparedness in terms of head-end capacities to carry a minimum 200 TV channels to be extended to 500 channels and the progress of installation of STBs in cable TV homes, a ministry statement said. To enable the MSOs to upload the data on the ministry website, a software has been enabled for the purpose of real-time collection of data, it said. The software will automatically generate analytical information based on the data uploaded, resulting in a clear view of the progress made.The completion of negotiation and the signing of interconnection agreements between the channel aggregators/broadcasters and MSOs is one of the pre-requisites for implementation of the digital switch-over, the statement added. The ministry also held open-house sessions from July 9 to 20 in all four metros to facilitate the switchover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346768", "title": "Bus mows down BE student", "text": "HYDERABAD: An engineering student was crushed under the wheels of an Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation ( APSRTC) bus when he attempted to board the running vehicle near the Rythu Bazaar, at Mehdipatnam on Friday.Humayun Nagar police said Mohammed Omar , 20, a student of Hitech Engineering College, was killed after he slipped while trying to board a running bus. Omar came under the wheels and died on the spot. Omar hailed from Nellore district and was residing at First Lancer to pursue his studies.The accident took place when the Mehdipatnam depot bus, which was bound for Chilkur Balaji temple, reached PVNR Expressway pillar no. 12, cops said. Humayun Nagar sub-inspector A Ravinder said since the bus was speeding, a case of rash and negligent driving under Section 304 A of the IPC was booked against the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345590", "title": "No penalty for illegal water connections", "text": "NAGPUR: The slum-dwellers getting water from illegal manner may be spared penalty by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). The standing committee will consider a proposal to regularize the illegal water connections in the slum areas along with provision for installments for charges for new connection.The committee will meet to discuss the proposal on August 7. The water works department is likely to start rehabilitation programme of 24x7 water supply project under which the leaking and old water network will be replaced along with replacing the defunct water meters with the new one. \"Slum-dwellers will be given new water connection if not having one. The illegal water connection will be regularized without any penalty. The charges of Rs 500/600 to be charged for new water connection will be collected in installments of Rs 100 per month,\" the proposal says.Another proposal is to extend the scope of work of project management consultant appointed to prepare the plans for sewage collection system and rejuvenation of rivers and lakes. The consultant will be paid an additional amount of Rs 40 lakh for the additional works if the proposal gets nod.The committee will also discuss a proposal to approve budgets of 10 municipal zones. A proposal is to purchase 10 mobile toilets and approve additional funds for rejuvenation of Police Line Takli lake and indoor sports complex being constructed at Indora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347348", "title": "CTU revises fares, AC bus ride gets costlier", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Travelling in air-conditioned (AC) buses of Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU) is set to cost more as the transport department has decided to hike fare. As per the new slabs, a trip in the bus could cost up to Rs 25. Continuing with the distance-based slab system, which was introduced two years ago, no change has been made in the lowest fare of Rs 10 which is there for the first four kilometres in the city. The city has a fleet of 34 mini AC buses and 60 AC buses purchased under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). Commuters are currently charged Rs 10 up to 5km and Rs 15 for above 5km. After the proposed hike, the fare will be Rs 10 up to 4km, Rs 15 for 4 to 8km, Rs 20 for 8 to 12km and Rs 25 for above 25km. A UT official said fare of non-AC buses will also be hiked, but there will be only three slabs, depending on the distance travelled by the passengers. The CTU fleet of non-AC and AC buses covers most of the city and is equipped with global positioning system (GPS) based system for display of real time of arrival at the bus stops. According to the last survey, over 85,000 passengers travel daily by CTU, besides 10% half ticket commuters and the total income comes to Rs 7,14,000, resulting in an additional Rs 8,73,12,380 being added to the CTU's kitty every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15344947", "title": "Facilities for HIV+ not reaching grassroots", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the government has floated several welfare schemes and facilities for the benefit of the people suffering from AIDS, most of these facilities do not seep through to the grassroots. Many times, the government representatives themselves are either unaware or not sensitive enough to work for the People Living with HIV (PLHIV). The condition of children living with HIV (CLHIV) is still worse with not many paediatricians versed with care required for these children.These were amongst the few grievances expressed by HIV positive people during the three-day grassroots level advocacy workshop organized by NGO World Vision India. Forty PLHIVs and many other NGOs participated. NGOs working in the field of HIV/AIDS like Sanjeevan, District Level PLHA Network, Eficor, Saathii, CRTDP, IID, Women Resource Center, Sharansthan, National Council of Churches in India also participated.\"The workshop aimed to strengthen the advocacy capacity of communities to address the issues faced by women and children living with HIV in different areas of the district. We wanted the PLHIVs to get the attention they deserve from the policymakers, the media, and society,\" said Joe George, programme officer of World Vision Nagpur.The participants discussed several practical difficulties faced by them every day. \"There are no facilities for AIDS patients at village level. With the government deciding to link us with the NRHM workers, this may change. For children suffering from the disease, it would make a huge difference if government provided them nutrition,\" said Anil Dalve, president of Network for PLHIV in Maharashtra.\"The number of ART centres in the state is insufficient if we consider the fact that Maharashtra has 14% of the Indians with the disease. All these people will soon require second line treatment too. I hope the government plans to open more centres,\" said Dalve.Daisy David, a PLHIV who now works as an advocacy associate, believes the government has good structure but what they lack is implementation and monitoring. \"When the district programme officers for AIDS speak to the NGOs working at the grassroots, they discuss projects and funds but rarely issues. They can't travel to all the villages under their jurisdiction and are unaware of the shortcomings in medical services in many of them,\" she said. If these authorities could guide and help the PLHIVs, things could improve a lot, she said.BOX:COMMON STIGMAS IN HOSPITALS* Discrimination while conducting any diagnostic process*Operations are delayed, even the emergency ones including appendicitis, heart surgery*Even government hospitals refuse to admit pregnant women or conduct deliveries* Private hospitals keep referring patients to government hospitalsOTHER PROBLEMS*Block level PLHIV are not having proper information on welfare schemes*Viral load is not done in Nagpur districtNEEDS OF THE POSITIVE PEOPLE*Community Care Centre services*Funeral support*Care home for childrenSUGGESTION*Hospitals should have a separate ward for positive patients where the staff is well trained as well as free of prejudices*Platform be given to the NGOs who are not recipient of MSACS funds.*Coordination of NGOs working in the HIV sector to be initiated by the SACS/NACO*Information on updated government's welfare schemes and job opportunities be given to the stakeholders to improve the quality lifestyle*Establishment and functioning of block level link ART centers*Rural Hospitals should be equipped proper infrastructure, human resources to handle the PLHAs' delivery cases*Capacity building initiatives for PLHIVs* Proper care be given to Children living with HIV by providing paediatric doctors in ART centers, nutrition support and children education support.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345600", "title": "'Want city to be second best in country'", "text": "NAGPUR: City gets its own son as the new municipal commissioner. Shyam D Wardhane who had left the city 35 years ago is now back as the new municipal commissioner. This may prove to be a positive step for city's development. \"State government has assigned me with the responsibility to develop the city as its my native place. It's a challenging task for me and my top priority will be to develop the city as the second best in the country after Chandigarh,\" he said after assuming charge, on Friday evening.Sources told TOI that Wardhane had to rush to the city to take over charge from the officiating municipal commissioner and collector Saurabh Rao as per the directives of chief secretary Jayant Kumar Bhantia. Wardhane had actually planned to assume charge either on August 6 or on 13 due to a weeklong training programme that he had to attend. Now, he will leave for training till August 13 after holding a meeting of the heads of the various departments at NMC, on Saturday.When asked about the advantage of being a native of the city, Wardhane said that there were no such advantage as never been in the city after completing education. \"I went to Mumbai in 1977 and used to come to the city just to attend family programmes. Also, I have never worked in any civic body. But I have worked as joint secretary in Urban development department, CIDCO and MMRDA the experience from which will come handy in my present posting. Government is working on a 20-years-agenda of urban development which I am well aware of. First I will learn the problems faced plaguing the city and then plan my agenda accordingly. I need valuable contributions from my staff and also cooperation from the citizens,\" he said.On being asked whether he was aware of the issues plaguing the city, he said that the city is vibrant and in developing stage. \"It's also a happening city. Need is to convert the city into a developed one. I was dealing with the issues of drought-hit situation up to a day before. Now the nature of the work is totally different. Therefore, I have directed the officials to come up with a short analysis of respective departments. I will be on target once I go through the situations prevailing here,\" he said.In an interesting move which depicts the nature of new civic chief, Wardhane accompanied Rao up to the entrance after taking over charge from him. Soon after being welcomed by the officials, he addressed the media and surprised all the officials by heading towards the office of mayor, Anil Sole. He met Sole at his office and introduced himself to the chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari, leader of ruling party Praveen Datke and other office bearers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347468", "title": "Khadakwasla dam 99% full", "text": "PUNE: The collective water storage in the four dams that supply water to the city rose to 14.08 TMC (48.31% of total storage capacity) on Friday because of good rainfall in the catchment areas. The water storage at Khadakwasla dam was 99.16% of its capacity on Friday evening.The irrigation department continued to release water from the Khadakwasla dam into the Mutha right bank canal, which supplies water to the city and other towns, on the second consecutive day.Officials of the irrigation department said that the water is being released at the rate of 1,300 cusecs (1 cusec = 28.317 litres per second) and the department will continue to release water for the next six days. The discharge will enable the Pune Municipal Corporation to lift additional water for the city. Besides, it will also benefit towns like Daund and Indapur.On Wednesday, the collective water storage in the four dams reached the city's annual drinking water quota of 11.5 TMC. An irrigation official said the PMC lifts around 14 TMC water annually, which is higher than the stipulated quota.The official further said that catchment areas of dams have registered heavy rainfall in the last four days. By Friday evening, Panshet dam had 49.21% water, Varasgaon 44.26% and Temghar 32.7%.Of the four dams, Varasgaon received the highest rainfall (38 mm) on Friday. Temghar and Panshet received 37 mm and 36 mm respectively, while Khadakwasla recorded 3 mm rainfall. Temghar, Panshet and Varasgaon have recorded more than 1,200 mm rainfall since June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15344602", "title": "Remove tinted glass or face fire: SC to cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Refusing to relax its April 27 order banning use of tinted glass in vehicles, the Supreme Court on Friday warned police chiefs of all states and UTs of contempt proceedings if they fail to implement the order.The SC gave the warning while dismissing a bunch of pleas by various dealers and distributors seeking relaxation.A two-judge bench asked the police to not only challan the offending vehicles but also take forthwith measures to remove materials pasted on glass by vehicle users.\"At this stage, we will not initiate any action against the DGPs/CPs but issue a clear warning that in case of non-compliance, the court shall initiate appropriate action under the contempt of courts act without any notice,\" said the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15349297", "title": "Two dozen Indian terrorists in Pakistan planning attack on India: Abu Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: Ziabbudin Ansari alias Abu Jundal the deported terror suspect has disclosed the names of more than two dozen Indian terrorists in Pakistan, planning attacks on India.Faiyyaz Kagzi, Raheel Shaikh, Taqueer Subhan Qureshi, Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Bhatkal, Yasin Sadibaba and his mentor Aslam Kashmiri are among few who have been named by Jundal. Jundal said that he has met most of them except Bhatkals and Yasin Sadibappa in LeT camps or annual jamaat meetings in Rawalpindi and Muridke in Pakistan.Jundal, who hails from Gevrai taluka in Beed district was deported from Saudi Arabia and was arrested by the Delhi special cell. Jundal fled India after the Aurangabad arms haul case in 2006 and remote-controlled the November 2008 Mumbai terror attack from Pakistan. Last week he was handed over to the Mumbai police for the 26/11 terror case.Jundal along with Abu Kahafa, Zaki Ur Rahman Lakhvi, Abu Wassi, Zarar Shah and a major general monitored the Mumbai attack. Like others Jundal too was motivating the two terrorists-Imran Babbar alias Kasha and Abu Umar at Nariman house in Colaba to fight with the police, Army and Navy till last breath.Jundal further said that he was initiated into the core group of LeT chief Hafeez Saeed only in August 2008 four months prior to the attack. He told the police that initially around two dozen youths including few Indians were given the Daura Khas and Daura aam trainings but Lakhvi reduced it to 10. According to Jundal, initial plans was to even send one or two Indians among the ten terrorists as they would merge with the crowd and become easy to carry out the attacks. At the last moment it was dropped fearing that if they get arrested they would reveal Pakistan connection.He further said that the initial plan to was to carry attack in the month of September 2008 when the Ramzan would be going on and most of the Muslims would be at home or mosque. However the plan was dropped because the sea would be choppy and hence they made the attempt in November 2008. Hafeez Sayeed was present only during the sermons. He wasn't present in the control room during the attacks.aa Jundal told police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15347559", "title": "Branded furniture a cause of worry for local carpenters", "text": "GUMLA: Locally-manufactured furniture is now facing stiff competition from branded ones in Gumla. There was a time when people preferred custom-made beds and other wooden items, however, with the arrival of big brands and designer furniture, local carpenters do not receive orders.Professionals and the nouveau riche who have build new houses or purchase posh flats usually opt for trendy furniture items, says Ashish Gupta who runs an up market furniture showroom in the district.\"Today I sold three branded beds with prices ranging from Rs 31,000 to 37,000 ,\" he said. Purchase power of local people has gone up and with time, a change in their taste has also been noticed. It is difficult to sell locally-manufactured furniture, Ashish added.Carpenter Binod Sharma said, \"Presently we are not getting order for lavish beds and dinning tables from our customers.\" Manufacturing charges including payment to labourers have gone up and problems of getting seasoned wood also arises, pushing the customers to go for more attractive and well-finished items from big firms, according to him.Now, people like quality products and rates hardly matter, said Niraj Maheshwari who owns a furniture shop in the town. Beautifully-manufactured and well-finished branded items allure people these days and they trust big names too, he added.Branded items have been entering bed rooms, offices and others buildings in the district, added Amit Poddar, ex-president of Gumla Chamber of Commerce (GCC)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350925", "title": "Delhi Technological University wins unmanned aerial systems competition", "text": "A team from Delhi Technological University (DTU) recently won the third position in an unmanned aerial systems competition held in the US. Aaditi Isaac reportsThe 11-member team from Delhi Technological University (DTU) came third in the 10th Annual Students' Unmanned Aerial Systems competition organised by Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI), Maryland, US.The team designed and developed the Garuda \u2014 an unmanned aircraft, which can be used for taking high definition photographs.Talking about the features of the aircraft, Bhavya Narain Gupta, second year, BTech engineering physics, DTU, says, \"The aircraft is capable of taking high definition photographs through the G10 camera at a range of 150-750 feet above the mean sea level. The images are tagged with the GPS location and are processed for information at the ground station through a software made by the team. The unmanned aircraft flew at 300 feet above the ground level. We made the aircraft free of control through the autopilot, which helped in the autonomous take-off, navigation and landing for 20 minutes.\"Weighing 11kg with a wing span of 110 inches, the unmanned aircraft whose primary construction comprised balsa wood, etc, had an electric propulsion system. Two representatives from Lockheed Martin , the world's largest defence contractor, a professor from DTU and the vice-chancellor mentored the students.It took the team seven months to perfect the systems of the aircraft. The team faced a lot of challenges in the process. \"We knew that making it would take time, so we tried to finish it as soon as possible so that it did not affect our academic life. We do not have an aeronautics background and so we had to first get our basics right. There are no flying fields in and around our campus, so we drove for three hours and went to the fields of Sohna and Karnal to test our UAV. Every time we did a test-flight, the plane crashed and we had to rebuild it. Two months before the competition, there were six crashes in a row. We had to do it again and again. We also had time and budget constraints,\" he says.Giving details of the competition, Gupta says that it consisted of a journal submission, oral presentation and an actual mission flight, which decided the rankings of the team.\"Working on the projects has given us an insight into the world of engineering, which a classroom never can. With the aid of these projects, we have become holistic in our approach as engineers and seek for a bigger picture in life. We are also working on another unmanned flight Aarush X-1 and exhibiting it in International Conference for UAVs (ICAUV) 2012. We are preparing for the public flight demonstration of Aarush X-1 to government officials, defence officials as well as representatives from the civil sectors of our country,\" he concludes.  Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345087", "title": "\u2018Why not a CBI probe into illegal buildings?\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Blaming officers of the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) for rampant violation of laws and unauthorised constructions in the city, the Madras high court has asked the state government why it should not order a CBI probe into the matter.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, passing orders on two separate but identical issues of unauthorised constructions, said officers who had served during the period when violations took place should be tried in departmental inquiry and criminal proceeding.In the first matter, R Ramamoorthy and his wife Mahalakshmi had moved the high court seeking a direction to the CMDA to approve a building plan for their completed residential structure. Though the couple blamed two neighbours running industrial units in a residential area of Neelankarai of instigating the CMDA to issue a demolition notice to them, they conceded that their building was completed without any planning application or approval.Taking the issue seriously, the first bench had asked the CMDA to file a counter-affidavit. In his counter, an executive engineer stated that he had inspected the site on March 13 and found that the building was illegal as it had not been authorised by the civic body. A demolition notice too had been issued, he said.Lambasting the official for coming up with evasive answers, the judges asked the government pleader to get instructions from the government on why the matter should not be referred to the CBI to hold an inquiry and fix responsibility on officers who served during the relevant period.In the second case, a Tamil Nadu Housing Board apartment owner in Ashok Nagar questioned illegal and unauthorised construction by a neighbour and asked the court to initiate action against him for going ahead with the construction without any planning permission.The first bench taking exception to the CMDA and corporation authorities, said: \"Before we take any action against the officials of the CMDA and the corporation, we direct the CMDA and corporation to take steps to demolish the illegal and unauthorised construction put up either by the petitioner or others within two weeks.\"They said such violations took place because of the 'inaction and negligence' on the part of the CMDA and corporation officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15346963", "title": "Senior Cong leader Ram Kumar Bhargava dies at 63", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former Biswan MLA and chief spokesman of Uttar Pradesh Congress Ram Kumar Bhargava died on Friday following a cardiac arrest. He was 63. The veteran Congressman had been undergoing treatment for a heart in SGPGI for over one week. Bhargava is survived by his wife. A law graduate from the Lucknow University, Bhargava began his political career as president of the student's union in 1961. He was elected, for the first time, from Biswan assembly seat in Sitapur in 1980 and held, during the course of the years, various posts in the party organization. At present, he was the chief spokesman of Congress' state unit. His body was brought to the UPCC headquarters, where senior Congress leaders paid their last respects to the Congressman.Speaker of the legislative assembly Mata Prasad Pandey, apart from veteran Congress leader Naresh Chandra expressed their deep sorrow over Bhargava's sudden demise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15346985", "title": "Sale of bangles picks up in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Bangles, the true epitome of feminine grace and ethnicity, are selling increasingly as the shopping for Teej and Eid has just begun. From door to door bangle sellers to decentralization of bangle markets from Vishwanath gullie to other prominent markets of the city, Varanasi, having no experience in manufacturing bangles, is considered a major market of bangles in entire Eastern UP.According to Ravindra Nath Gupta, the oldest bangle seller of Vishwanath Gullie market, \"during the festive occasions like Teej, Karwachauth, Holi, Diwali, Eid and auspicious occasions like weddings and enagements, around 10 to 12 extra workers are put in to work in each shop to set glass bangles in the hands of women. A large number of bangle sellers used to sit at Gyanwapi area and sell glass bangles to tourists and locals.\" With time, markets for metal bangles, brass bangles and community-oriented bangles like Shakhapola (Bengali bangles), chuda also developed in the city, he informed.\"Devotees, especially from South India and international tourists, are fond of glass bangles and they form almost 30 to 40 per cent of our regular customers,\" informed Devendra, a shopkeeper in Vishwanath Gullie. \"Glass bangles of red, yellow and green are considered auspicious and offered to Goddess Annapurna, holy river Ganga and other female deities in the city. Such bangles are also purchased during fasts and local festivals, which accounts for nearly 20 per cent of regular sale,\" informed Devendra.According to Gupta, apart from lac bangles, no other bangles are prepared in the city. Most of the bangles are purchased from Mumbai, Amritsar, Firozabad, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Jaipur. Notably, bangles starting with Rs 10 per dozen to Rs 2000 are available in the markets of the city. Apart from Vishwanath gullie, wholesale and retail markets have also developed in Dalmandi, Nai Sarak, Chowk, Orderly Bazaar and Gurubagh areas.The trends in bangles have witnessed a shift towards more trendy looks. \"A set of six bangles of lac, artificial diamond studded metal bangles, multicolour bangles are much in demand by college goers and young ladies,\" said Sugandha, another bangle seller in the city. Girls also prefer bangles prepared from wooden and plastic beads which are supported by an elastic band and are very comfortable to carry, she shared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15346544", "title": "Online registration for CMAT begins", "text": "BHOPAL: Online registration for the Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) began on Friday. The All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) has launched a national-level CMAT to select suitable students for admission in all management programmes approved by it. The facility will help the B-schools to get a select group of talented students.According to AICTE's official website, the test will be conducted twice in a year. The best scores from both tests will be calculated for taking admission in B-schools.Graduates in any discipline or final year students of graduate courses can apply for online CMAT. The registration will be ending on September 2. The online test will be organised from September 27 to October1.The results will be declared on October 17.Students can fill three cities of their choices for appearing in the test. The AICTE has provided a list of cities where test will be organized. In Madhya Pradesh, CMAT centres will be in Bhopal, Indore, Jabalpur and Gwalior.Interestingly, the directorate of technical education of Madhya Pradesh had also shown its interest in the CMAT when AICTE had announced to launch the exam earlier this year. At present, Madhya Pradesh Professional Education Board (MPPEB) conducts its own management entrance test (MET) for management students.\"It is good for colleges having another opportunity to take students on the basis of marks gained in CMAT. The B-schools will have the opportunity to pick from a better pool of candidates,\" Prof Anil Tiwari of department of management, IES College said.Chairman of MK Ponda management college, Sumeet Ponda also hailed the concept.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15346766", "title": "Change in coach composition of Shatabdi Express", "text": "MYSORE: There will be change in coach composition of Mysore-Chennai- Central Shatabdi Express train on two days.On August 6 and 7, the coach composition of Train No. 12008 Mysore-Chennai Central Shatabdi Express will be changed. Hence there will be changes in the seat numbers allotted to reserved passenger. A help desk will function on platform 1 on those two days from 1pm. Information can also be obtained by dialing 139.Passengers can approach the help desk to get the re-allotted seat numbers before boarding the train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15346944", "title": "State has already suffered crop loss of over 22,000 cr", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Even though state officials intend to wait till August end before carrying out crop loss assessment and declare drought in Gujarat, Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar was told on Friday that of the total 90 lakh hectares (ha) sowing area, around 60 lakh ha has already been adversely affected.The section on \"damage to the agricultural sector in Gujarat\" of the presentation, made before the minister, said that 47 lakh ha area has already experienced a 50 per cent crop loss. However, on the ground crop loss assessment or \"anawari\" can wait till September.The state government has already estimated a crop loss to the tune of Rs 22,633 crore. The presentation said that while in large areas of Gujarat sowing operations may have already taken place (54 lakh ha out of 90 lakh ha), \"delayed onset of rain and less rain during kharif\" have hit agricultural, as well as, horticulture crops in all the 26 districts of the state.Thus, an area of 13.22 lakh ha across the state is likely to experience complete failure of any sowing operation. Of this, Saurashtra along accounts for 8.76 lakh ha, followed by north Gujarat with 2.33 lakh ha and central Gujarat districts with 1.39 lakh ha.To mitigate the situation , the presentation told Pawar and his team that as against 1 lakh power connections proposed to given to farmers across the state to take recourse to groundwater in order to save the standing crop, 30,867 have already been given.\"Today, there are as many as 9 lakh farm power connections in Gujarat, as against 3.2 lakh a decade ago,\" a senior official told the meeting, adding, \"These power connections are viable because groundwater levels across the state have gone up over the last few years due mainly to 5 lakh water conservation structures, including 1.5 lakh checkdams\".However, the Gujarat government doesn't seem quite enthused with the positive impact of the watershed structures. Adding a note of caution, state irrigation minister Nitin Patel, also present at the meeting, told TOI, \"Checkdams do lead to rise in water tables by up to five metres, but these tables go down as soon as farmers extract the groundwater for irrigation. It is impossible to believe that the checkdams would mitigate the current scarcity conditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15344912", "title": "Monsoon will be 15% deficient: IMD", "text": "NEW DELHI: The faltering economy is likely to take another hit with the Indian Meteorological Department announcing on Friday that India would suffer a 15% deficiency in monsoon rainfall \u2014 a definitive drop from the earlier prediction of near normal monsoon for the year.\"We expect monsoon to be 15% deficient than the long period average (LPA) which is 89 cm,\" IMD director general Laxman Singh Rathore said.With deficient monsoon now confirmed, Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia said, \"If we factor in that agriculture would not be strong... (growth) would be closer to 6%. I don't think we have sufficiently strong industrial turnaround yet.\"The monsoon has already recorded a 20% country-wide deficit up to August. The rains in August and September are expected to be 91% of the LPA with an error level of plus or minus 8%, implying that even if the projection stands, the monsoon for the next two months could go down further to 83%, slipping the overall seasonal rainfall even below the 15% deficiency IMD has now predicted.Though policymakers have shied away from comparing the current fading monsoon showers to failure of rainfall in previous years, all indications suggest that drought conditions are expected to be worse than 2009 and could reach the levels of 2002. Rainfall deficiency for June-September in 2002 was 19% \u2014 the same as this year. If the IMD prediction of August rains being decent fail, the collapse of monsoon could reach dangerous levels.Though technically a country-wide drought is declared by the Centre only when at least 20% of the geographical area suffers more than 25% deficiency in rain, several states have begun preparing for the worst.The government is already working on contingency plans for 350 districts but Friday's announcement \u2014 of which the Union government was aware a few days ago \u2014 implies the Rs 1,900 crore package announced so far for four affected states would need to be enhanced and further steps taken for drought-proofing.Agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, accompanied by rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, made a quick tour of the affected states and is expected to hold another meeting of the empowered group of ministers on the issue. Though the country has adequate food stocks from the previous two years' bumper crop, the failing monsoon is likely to have a serious impact on employment for marginal farmers and workers and a water crisis across several states.The dry spell is expected to be worst in north-west India, in states such as Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15347541", "title": "Farmers can now claim relief from seed companies", "text": "RANCHI: Farmers in six states can now claim compensation from seed companies for their false claims of productivity by complaining to the branch office of Protection of Plant Varieties and Farmers' Rights Authority, to be inaugurated on Saturday.The office, being opened at the Birsa Agriculture University at Kanke, will cater for farmers of Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Odisha, Chhattisgarh and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. The office, with its headquarters in New Delhi, will provide a comprehensive and effective system of protection to plant variety, breeders and farmers' rights.Addressing the media, the vice-chancellor of BAU, M P Pandey, said the office will facilitate registration of traditional crop varieties and encourage them to conserve plant genetic resources and cataloguing varieties. \"The varieties will include traditional, wild varieties and seeds in the public domain not under sale, besides non-notified but truthfully labeled seeds,\" he said, adding that the application obtained in the branch office will be forwarded to the headquarters for characterization and final documentation.The applications for registration along with seed samples will be tested for claims made by farmers in at least two centres. \"For all crops around 20-30 parameters of leaf size, stem size, pod size and number, maturity period, resistance to drought or pests have been given based on which the farmers have to claim their stake for registration,\" he said.If the claim of a farmer, breeder or seed company is found to be true, the national headquarters will award a certificate based on which the breeder can claim royalty for the variety registered when used commercially by any seed company.The office will also ensure that if some wild variety is being used by a seed company, which was being used by farmers of a particular region traditionally, the company may be directed to pay royalty to the breeder. Farmers can also claim compensation from seed companies if their crops fail to yield in accordance with promises made in advertisements.\"Sometimes farmers use seeds of a particular company expecting productivity as per claims made by the company. In that case, farmers can lodge a complaint against the company to seek compensation,\" said Pandey.The office will be inaugurated by the chairman of the authority, P L Gautam, in the presence of the deputy director general, Indian Council of Agricultural Research, Swapan Kumar Dutta, the registrar general of the authority, R C Agarwal, and the vice-chancellor BAU. The branch office will be headed by the deputy registrar, Manoj Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346646", "title": "Carmelites bond with lofty goals", "text": "PATNA: Do you ever feel like having a get-together with the buddies with whom you had the finest of times during your school and college days? The alumni associations of these educational institutions offer you the platform for it. There are many such associations functional in the city.One among them is the Carmel Alumni Association (CAA) of the Carmel High School, located on Bailey Road. Formed just three years back and having a strength of above 200, it is one of the small but active school alumni associations. CAA works under the guidance of its moderator, who happens to be principal of the school, Sister Sujata.\"The members are working towards giving back to their alma mater, in a small way, all that they have received from it,\" said the association's president, Sutapa Sinha. And they do walk the talk. Sinha herself taught in the school and retired only last year. At present, around 10 teachers in the school are Carmel passouts, a rare and proud achievement for any school.One of these teachers is Namita Kumar, who is also the treasurer of CAA. She said, \"It's simply a labour of love. I teach with the same vigour as I used to go to school as a student.\" Things have changed for better in the school, but the charm of old is never lost, she adds.The association organizes various activities for the welfare of the school students from time to time. The association sponsors the education of two students of the school whose parents can't afford their education. \"We don't want quality education to be denied to them. So till they study in the school, the association will take care of their expenditure on education,\" said Sinha.The association also conducts an annual inter-school quiz competition. Sinha said \"For the last two years, we have been organizing this quiz that focuses on one or the other aspect of Bihar. We got tremendous response as almost all the prominent schools sent their teams for the competition. In future, we are thinking of making it a bigger event.\"CAA also organizes medical camps and workshops on adolescence issues annually. \"We are going to organize an interactive session of the school students with experts on adolescence and some gynaecologists in the last week of August,\" said Sinha. It would be followed by a complete medical check-up of students, she added. And it's an initiative for the Carmelites by the Carmelites as the doctors giving their services in the check-up would be Carmel passouts only.The association also intends to contribute its bit for the literacy classes run by the school. This is a daily, one-hour afternoon class conducted by the school for the slum children. \"CAA will try to support some of the students by providing them books, stationery, uniform etc,\" said Sinha. She added the CAA also intended to start an annual inter-school girls' sports meet.One of the most vibrant activities of the association is the annual alumni meet. The evening is marked by various cultural programmes, in which the alumni participate with full enthusiasm. Obviously, nostalgia is writ large on the faces of the alumni. \"We invite our alumni through all possible means, be it networking sites or emails, from across the country. Last year, the meet was attended by many alumni, from as far as Pune and Delhi. We are expanding our network everyday and hope to add many more passouts to our network,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15346207", "title": "New bill payment counters in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Fourteen new electricity bill payment centres will be functioning in Noida from the second week of August. Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) conducted a day-long training of officials here on Friday. These officials will be posted at these new centres.Simultaneously, the process of online data migration of billing-related information is also on in Noida as part of the Restructured-Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Programme (R-APDRP) which is expected to be completed in the next couple of days. The new billing system will be put in place after all data is electronically saved in a central server in Lucknow under this programme. The billing part of R-APDRP is expected to go live on August 5. All data pertaining to billing information will be updated on the central server immediately and there will be no manual maintenance of records.\"In the first phase, the number of billing outlets will be 14. The number of billing counters will be further increased depending on the demand for more counters. We have adequate systems in place to increase the number to 18,\" said a senior official of UPPCL. \"The decision to increase the number of counters has been taken because the network will now be centrally connected and all information can be accessed on a real-time basis,\" he added.Several of these new counters are being opened next to bill payment outlets in different parts of the city. UPPCL said that three new bill payment centres will be set up in sectors 18, 19 and 124. \"Decision on the locations of the remaining counters will be taken in a meeting on Saturday. It will depend on the volume of consumers at different locations,\" said the UPPCL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15346383", "title": "Panchayat Act 'deficiencies' to be corrected", "text": "PORVORIM: The government has decided to bring a comprehensive Bill to correct deficiencies in the Panchayat Act and to make panchayats accountable.Manohar Parrikar , speaking on the occasion, said, \"We are agree as matter of principal, we will bring the comprehensive bill which will consider you point and in that bill panchayat will hold accountable\".Panchayat minister Laxmikant Parsekar said that if a private member bill that was introduced in the House was passed in its present form, it would be inadequate. \"Before the next panchayat election, we will pass a comprehensive Bill\", he said.Parrikar also said that the government would consult experts while framing the bill and \"Everyone will be taken into confidence before the Bill is finalized.\"Sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar assured the House that the government will come out with a state youth policy within six months. He was replying to a private member resolution moved by Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant.Parsekar assured the house that the government will create an Ayush section and appoint a deputy director level officer in health services for the development of homeopathic and Ayurvedic medicine. He was replying to the private member reolution moved by the Sawant to have a separate directorate of Ayush and amendment in the Goa board of Indian system of medical and homeopathic Act 2005. Parsekar assured to correct the discrepancies in the amendment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15347518", "title": "Truckers' stir over permit renewal", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Truckers in Lohardaga and Gumla districts have intensified their agitation to press their demand for permit to trucks which are more than 15 years old. President of Lohardaga-Gumla Truck Owners' Association Kanwaljeet Singh on Friday launched an indefinite hunger strike at Subhash Chowk in Lohardaga to protest against the government's decision.Despite agitations and protests for the last three months, the government has refused to renew the permit of 15-year-old trucks mainly in eight districts of South Chhotanagpur. In its recently-held meeting, the association had decided to intensify their stir. Singh had informed CM Arjun Munda , transport minister Champai Soren, Lohardaga MP Sudarshan Bhagat, MLA KK Bhagat and Bishunpur MLA Chamra Linda on August 1 about his decision to go on an indefinite hunger strike from Friday.\"Nearly 50,000 people living in the two districts will have no job if the government does not consider our demands. These districts have no other source of income and industrial development has been a distant dream. Over 800 trucks ply on Lohardaga and Gumla roads carrying bauxite from mines to unloading stations. Drivers, co-drivers, labourers and small and big shops will be badly affected and economy of the two districts will collapse,\" said Singh.The association also received support from different political and non-political organizations on the first day. Sukhdeo Bhagat, former Lohardaga MLA who was among several others supported the association on his stir. \"The Jharkhand high court order which was given in context with school buses is being misinterpreted. The state cabinet has not taken any decision on this issue. Environment is a vital issue but no rule should be made and pressed into effect without prior notice. Plying of bauxite is lifeline of local economy. Government must relax its norms,\" said Bhagat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15344427", "title": "Prasar Bharati may sue TAM for \u2018raw deal\u2019 to Doordarshan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Close on the heels of the NDTV lawsuit, Prasar Bharati is considering legal action against Television Audience Measurement (TAM) for suppression of data related to viewership for Doordarshan and its allied channels. The issue is likely to be discussed in the Prasar Bharati board meeting on August 6.Prasar Bharati CEO Jawahar Sircar said, \"I am keen on taking legal action against TAM. But we are still in discussions with our legal counsel. The final decision will be taken by the board and we will abide by it.\"Doordarshan has 37 channels including DD Bharati and DD National besides four allied channels like Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha TV. With its 1415 transmitters DD enjoys an enviable 92% coverage of the country through its terrestrial network. These would constitute a viewership of about 2.5 crore people. The state broadcaster also has DD Direct Plus that has over 1 crore subscribers amounting to at least 3.5 crore viewers.However, sources say that despite the largest viewership base DD has always been short-changed by TAM when it came to viewership ratings.\"DD channels never notch high television rating points and our revenues have over the years suffered tremendously because of that,\" a source said.Prasar Bharati's revenues have in fact stagnated at Rs 1,200-1,400 crore in the last few years. This has also meant that the public broadcaster had to be sustained by the public exchequer.The pubcaster has repeatedly raised this issue with the I&B; ministry and the parliamentary standing committee. In fact, appearing before the 2004 Parliamentary standing committee headed by Nikhil Kumar that looked at the TRPs issue, Prasar Bharati said that neither broadcasters, advertisers or corporate media planners could get a \"true picture\" about Indian viewers' TV watching habits as the rating system did not adequately represent the actual television viewing pattern of the Indian TV homes.Prasar Bharati pointed out that \"62 million of 112 million TV homes were outside the ambit of television audience measurement ratings as they were in rural areas\".The report says, \"Prasar Bharati further stated that besides the size and non-representation of the sample, other factors affecting the reliability of TAM Media Research data were the release of data on weekly basis, lack of transparency in the method of selection of households and the confidentiality of the names of panel homes, which prevented verification. Further, induced viewership and tampering with data could not be ruled out as ratings were not subjected to validation or independent audit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344630", "title": "Shift to International Baccalaureate leaves parents and teachers worried", "text": "MUMBAI: Parents and teachers of the SSC section of a school are voicing concern days after TOI wrote (July 29) about the city's 'oldest' schools changing its affiliation to International Baccalaureate (IB) after 176 years of existence.While the Robert Money High School and Technical Junior College management is looking forward to starting the new section from the next academic year, parents of the current batch and teachers of the state board section are worried about their future.\"The school told us about the change in May and ever since we have had no further information about our jobs,\" said a senior faculty member. He added that the faculty has been questioning the school management for few months and also met the Bombay Diocesan Society (BDS), which runs the school.\"We have a copy of the resolution passed by the education department which says the school will shut down and that is what we are worried about. There are around 400 students in the school besides teaching and non-teaching staff. What will happen to us?\" The school has stopped admissions to the state board section and parents have been left in the dark.The decision to change the affiliation came after BDS joined hands with another trust early this year. The management tried to tear down the old building to build a new one. A member from the Old Moneyans Association, the alumni of the school, said, \"The heritage panel objected to the decision and so did we. We have nothing against the school catering to more kids in a new avatar but not at the cost of students who are already there.\"School students have been shifted to the technical education building along with junior college classes. \"They have a very narrow path to get to their classrooms now and have no playground as it is taken over for repairs. The management is no longer sharing its decisions with us,\" added a member of the alumni.School administrator Rev Sharad Balid told TOI that the students can complete their education in the same board, but refused to comment on the future of teaching and non-teaching staff. \"We will give them their dues and decide what is best for everybody. We may even hire them for the new school,\" said Balid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346582", "title": "Contract farming government order sows seeds of fear among royts", "text": "HYDERABAD: The government order (GO 133) issued recently facilitating contract farming (CF) has fueled fears among stake-holders. Apprehensions on contract farming (CF) in the state have multiplied with the recent issuance of GO 133.It is expected that impetus would be given to entry of Indian and foreign companies to have direct agreements with farmers to finance them, provide quality inputs and buy their produce at fixed prices. But agricultural activists and scientists fear that contract farming would jeopardize the future of small and marginal farmers.According to experts, the latest order would enhance more CF activity when FDI gets into retail. They allege that it is an attempt to hand-over land to corporates. The government has given a 30-day deadline for all stake-holders to express their views on the new GO. \"The government has given hardly a month's time. It is not enough to sensitize farmers,\" G V Ramanjaneyulu of Centre for Sustainable Agriculture told TOI.Rythu Swarajya Vedika, an umbrella organization of agriculturists and activists, however, opposed the government move to introduce contract farming. Speaking on the experience of contract farming in the state, its representatives on Friday said in production of seeds and crops like gherkins, vegetables and cocoa, farmer gets no protection.Farmers face many problems with grading, payments, fair prices and other issues. The notification does not take into account key factors like how many contracts have been registered or how many violations have been noted and action taken, they feared. Companies do not prefer to have a prior agreement on the price and tend to purchase at the prevailing market price, which is low in the peak season, Ramanjaneyulu pointed out.Sources cited the 'Kuppam project', which was implemented with the help of Israelis and was a failure. Activists demanded remedial measures in the notification.\"There should be a clear directive on price fixation. For each crop, the government should fix a minimum floor price based on cultivation cost in addition to margin. It should be between 30% and 50% based on crop. Contract prices should not be allowed to go below floor price\" Vissa Kiran Kumar, state coordinator, Rythu Swarajya Vedika said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15346959", "title": "Tinted glass should allow 70% visibility", "text": "BANGALORE: If you are the owner of a non-imported car, which has tinted glasses allowing 70% visibility, you will be exempted from paying fine. However, cars which come out from the manufacturer's shop with complete tinted glass, will be exempted.The SC has prohibited use of black films of any visual light transmission (VLT) percentage or any other material on safety glasses, wind screens (front and rear) and side glasses of all vehicles. Any car with tinted glass, irrespective of price, can be exempted from the apex court ban,\" cleared MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic).The SC order on ban on sunfilms says: In terms of Rule 100(2), 70% and 50% visual light transmission (VLT) standards are related to manufacture of safety glasses for windshields (front and rear) and the side windows respectively. Use of films or any other material on the windscreen or side windows is impermissible in law. It is the VLT of safety glass without any additional material being pasted upon the safety glasses which must conform with manufacture specifications.It clarifies that if the vehicle manufacturer has manufactured it with tinted glass, assuring 70% VLT and side glasses as 40% VLT respectively and no black film or any other material can be pasted on the windscreens and side glasses of a vehicle.Section 52 of Central Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, states that the vehicle owner shouldn't alter any part of the vehicle after getting it from the manufacturer of the vehicle as contained in the certificate of registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345735", "title": "Delhi Airport Metro repairs to take longer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wait for the Airport Metro Express just got longer. The internal deadline for repairing the line, which was shut down by the concessionaire on July 8, has been reset to mid-September, said sources. Earlier, the urban development ministry had said the repair would be completed by August-end.The reason for the rescheduling is the need for more rectification, said sources, along with the slow pace of work by Delhi Metro. \"Delhi Metro is still examining the defects. As it's a time-consuming task \u2014 the inspection can only be done by climbing the girders and closely examining the bearings \u2014 the internal deadline has been rejigged,\" said a senior government official who is part of the committee on the airport Metro. Officials say workers are being put on the job even as the required machinery is being procured.Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has now decided to inspect all the 2,000-odd bearings used in the elevated section of the 22.7km line.\"The joint inspection committee had found that 90% of the 540 bearings that had been inspected were defective. Based on that, DMRC has been asked to check all the bearings on the corridor. More than 80% of the bearings are expected to be compromised,\" an official said.Sources said that with over 1,500 bearings requiring being attended to, the work schedule had to be extended as well. \"There is little likelihood of the rectification work being completed before September 20,\" said a source.The urban development ministry is still awaiting the report on the examination of the girders, said officials. \"Systra has been asked to examine the girders,\" said the official, adding that prima facie, their defects don't seem to be serious. \"However, an independent party, decided by both Delhi Metro and Reliance Infrastructure, will monitor the rectification work, so that both parties are satisfied,\" said the official.Last month, the concessionaire R-Infra had shut down the Airport Metro Express, citing safety reasons. According to R-Infra, the defects in bearings and girders had forced the concessionaire to slow down the speed of the trains to an abysmal 15kmph at places, and put commuters at risk.Delhi Metro had, however, denied that the safety of the corridor was being compromised by the defects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345395", "title": "Woman on scooter robbed of Rs 7 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wife of a retired IAS officer was allegedly robbed of Rs 7 lakh by two men in Mayur Vihar Phase I while she was returning home after collecting money from a local bank on her scooter.Nisha Sharma (62), who lives at Kirti Apartments along with her husband D K Sharma, had gone to the nearby Indian Bank branch around 1pm on Friday. As she reached Bhagwat Ashram near the Guruvayur temple in east Delhi after withdrawing the money, she noticed that two men were following her on a bike without a number plate.\"The accused came close to her scooter and snatched her bag and fled towards Chilla village in New Ashok Nagar. The victim did raise an alarm but the youths managed to flee,\" said a police officer of Mayur Vihar police station where a case has been registered.He denied initial media reports that there was firing in the air in an attempt to frighten the woman.\"We believe that the woman had been followed since she left the bank. We are trying to get the CCTV footage and questioning local people. The victim lost her ID card, locker key, pass book and cheque book along with the cash,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15346479", "title": "Strike total in Kasaragod", "text": "KANNUR: The strike called by the LDF in Kasaragod, following the death of a DYFI local leader on Thursday, was total and no major untoward incidents were reported from the district.The mandalam committee office of the IUML in Kanhangad was attacked by a group of people suspected to be CPM activists while the IUML office at Mogralputhur also came under attack. Also, three shops owned by IUML sympathizers were stoned at Mogralputhur. Meanwhile, in Trikaripur, the branch committee office of the CPM and also a club were attacked by a group of suspected IUML activists.The funeral of P Manoj, the president of DYFI Keekkanam unit, who died on Thursday following a clash between the IUML and CPM at Thachangad, will be held on Saturday at his residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15347322", "title": "Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation to market Nashik for Kumbh mela", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to attract more tourists to Nashik, the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) is planning to market Nashik in view of the forthcoming Simhastha (when the sun enters the leo constellation) Kumbh mela scheduled in 2015.Speaking to TOI, Pradnya Bade-Misal, Regional Manager, MTDC, Nashik division, said, \"We are planning to market Nashik to attract tourists not from across the country but also from abroad. We are in the process of chalking out strategies in view of the upcoming Simhastha Kumbhamela. It is a mega religious event held every 12 years in Nashik with lakhs of devotees and we are planning to take advantage of this.\"\"A brochure will showcase the tourism potential of Nashik. So devotees or tourists coming to Nashik can know the tourists places.A prospectus of all the districts in Nashik division will also be chalked out. Nashik division includes five districts- Nashik, Ahmednagar, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar districts,\" she added.Misal also said there are plans to make CDs and DVDs of Nashik and information regarding tourist places, religious locations, trekking sites, forts, beautiful scenic spots and hotels will also be downloaded on the internet.During the Kumbh, display stands will also be put up at the city hotels. The brochures, prospectus and other related informative materials will be showcased on the display stands.\"The pleasant weather of Nashik is its USP\", she said, pointing out that the MTDC was also planning to promote wellness tourism in Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350153", "title": "I am eager to know audience reaction: Pappu", "text": "Actors Pappu Pompom and Devjani were spotted at the premiere of their recently released film. Pappu made his debut as a lead actor with this movie. The show was packed with fans who wanted to see how Pappu performed in his new avatar. \"My fans have usually seen me doing comic roles in Odia films. So, I'm very eager to know how they like me as the protagonist of this movie. I hope everyone enjoys it,\" said Pappu. Director K Murlikrishna, who was also present at the do, was optimistic. \"Pappu and Devjani have given their best in this movie. I sincerely wish that the Odia audience appreciates them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15345626", "title": "Vertical split in KMK likely to become official soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: The vertical split in Kongunadu Munnetra Kazhagam (KMK) would likely to be made official on Sunday with the general body meeting called by president Best Ramasamy at Ramalakshmi Thirumana Mandapam in the city to elect new office bearers. The election will facilitate the exit of the party general secretary E R Eswaran and his supporters, allowing Ramasamy to initiate a 'cleaning up' process, said G K Nagaraj, senior leader of the party.Meanwhile, the faction representing Eswaran on Friday approached a munsif court in Erode seeking an injunction against Ramasamy from holding the general body meeting. The court set aside the matter for further hearing. When contacted, Eswaran said the general body meeting to be held on Sunday is illegal as Ramasamy has no power to convene it. As secretary, I have the power to convene the meeting. I have called for a general body meeting on August 12 in Erode to discuss disciplinary action against Ramasamy and Nagaraj among other issues,\" said Eswaran.The party was initially started to improve the overall development of the Kongu region because members felt that major state political parties ignored the region. KMK contested alone in the last parliament election, eating into the vote share of other major political parties. It contested along with DMK in the 2011 assembly election. According to sources, after the election, a majority of the party cadres condemned their leaders for forming an alliance with the DMK. After they faced a massive setback in the elections, a rift developed between the top leaders of the party. Eswaran reportedly wanted to align with AIADMK. But the decision to go with the DMK for the polls was taken by party president Ramasamy. Consequently, party leaders boycotted Ramasamy and they stopped inviting him to important party functions.A meeting of party district secretaries was held at Attur in Salem where Ramasamy and other leaders who aligned with him were warned of disciplinary action. \"An enquiry committee was constituted and its report is now being awaited. Based on the report, proper disciplinary action will be taken against leaders who have curbed the growth of the party,\" Eswaran said.Supporters of Ramasamy say that it was he who introduced Eswaran into the party, supporting his election to the post of general secretary. They accuse Eswaran of turning against his mentor and trying to eliminate him from the party altogether. \"We will elect new office bearers on Sunday,'' said Nagaraj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349975", "title": "Arnie's bodybuilding zeal landed him in jail", "text": "Arnold Schwarzenegger has revealed that he was so eager to start his bodybuilding career that he briefly ended up in an Austrian military brig.The former Governor of California was 18 and serving a mandated year with the army in his native Austria in the mid-1960s, when he snuck out of camp for the Junior Mr. Europe contest in Germany, CBS News quoted him as saying in a meeting of TV critics.He won the contest but also earned two or three days in the army jail. But military officials felt \"uncomfortable\" and he was released, he said.Schwarzenegger, 65, is the subject of a new ESPN Films documentary, 'Arnold's Blueprint,' set to debut September 26 on the ESPN website Grantland.com. It's one of a series of short documentaries that will be available online.His army superiors ended up supporting his bodybuilding efforts.He said that they created a makeshift gym for him and helped him get the food he needed to pack on 25 pounds of muscle in a year.Schwarzenegger, who went on to parlay titles including Mr. Olympia and Mr. Universe into a Hollywood career, said his drive to be an athlete helped him during his seven-year tenure as governor that ended in 2011.When he began pursuing bodybuilding as a youth, he recalled, his parents dismissed his activities as self-indulgent and suspect.But \"I had a very clear vision of where I wanted to go,\" Schwarzenegger said, including America and movie stardom.When he encountered resistance to his political goals, he had the ability to ignore cries of \"no, no, no, it's impossible,\" he said.\"I never saw a 'no' as a 'no.' I always heard 'yes',\" he said, speaking to the Television Critics Association at the final session of the group's summer meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347445", "title": "Shiv Sena leader Manohar Joshi visits blast sites", "text": "PUNE: Former Lok Sabha speaker and Shiv Sena leader Manohar Joshi on Friday criticised the city police commissioner's statement terming the serial blasts on the Jangli Maharaj road as a \"mischievous act.\"Joshi said it was wrong to deny a terror angle to the blasts barely 15 to 20 minutes after the explosions.During his visit to the blast sites, Joshi said, \"The slow judicial process and delay in trials of blast accused have demoralized the police force. The terrorist groups are not at all deterred as there is an absence of strong enforcement. There have been many terror incidents, but the government has failed to punish the terrorists.\"The police force is here to save the society from criminal activities and not to be used against political opponents, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345036", "title": "No mercy for stealing from poor, says SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday said those found guilty of pilfering essential commodities meant for the poor under various government welfare schemes could not expect any leniency or sympathy from the judiciary on the quantum of sentence.\"The courts cannot take a lenient view in awarding sentence on the ground of sympathy or delay, particularly if it relates to distribution of essential commodities under the scheme of the government intended to benefit the public at large,\" a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi said.It upheld the conviction and sentence of six months imprisonment to S Nageswar Rao, an agent entrusted with the distribution of rice under 'food for work scheme' to workers on production of coupons, for misappropriating 67.65 quintals of rice.Rejecting the plea of the accused that the sentence was excessive, the bench said Section 409 of the Indian Penal Code enabled the court to award a sentence ranging from 10-year jail term to life imprisonment. \"Considering the fact that appellant was awarded imprisonment of six months along with a fine of Rs 1,000 only, we feel that the same is not excessive,\" it said.\"On the other hand, we are of the view that persons dealing with the property of the government and entrusted with the task of distribution under food for work scheme, it is but proper on their part to maintain true accounts, hand over coupons to the concerned officers and to execute the same fully and without lapse,\" said Justice Sathasivam, who authored the judgment for the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15345752", "title": "Landlords to move court over Mulageni Act", "text": "MANGALORE: Though the Karnataka Conferment of Ownership on Mulageni or Volamulageni Tenants Bill, 2011, has received presidential assent, the mulagenidar-volamulagenidar dispute is far from over. Mulageni Okkalu Rakshana Vedike legal advisor MP Gowrishankar told TOI, \"The fight is on and it's a long drawn process from now on. The landlords may approach courts seeking redressal against the statute saying it is unconstitutional.\"The system of mulageni lease which prevailed till date has not been advantageous to either mulagenidars (landlords) or volamulagenidars (tenants). Differences between the two have given rise to speculative transactions. Most mulagenidar-volamulagenidar disputes are in respect to non-agricultural lands, mainly house sites, in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts. Now, the new Act is expected to put an end to multiplicity of litigation and eliminate the scope of vested interests to indulge in speculative transactions regarding properties held by mulagenidars or volamulagenidars.\"The state must publish the date on which the Act will come into force and frame rules towards the same at various levels. The state appoints a special officer to dispose the applications of mulageni tenants, desiring to acquire ownership of the holding in their possession. After inquiry, the authority will decide on the amount payable to mulidar (landlord). The payment will be 500 or 1,000 times the annual rent, depending on the condition of alienation,'' explained Gowrishankar.The lawyer also said the annual rent for a 100-year or a 75-year-old mulageni lease was about Rs 5 to Rs 50 and a little more in some cases, depending upon the extent of the land given to mulagars by mulidars.The Bill is a legislation enacted for a system peculiar to the two coastal districts. It entitles mulagenidar to purchase nonagricultural land (plots and buildings) outright from the mulidar for which the former had been paying an annual rent as lease, and become the owner.Mulgars' Land Owners Association president Clarence Pais said, \"We will move either the Supreme Court or the high court to strike down the Act as it ultra vires the Constitution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346891", "title": "Don't expect airport to be crime-free: Minister", "text": "KOLKATA: If you think flying into the city will be a world-class experience when the new integrated terminal starts functioning, think twice. For, the menace of touts that passengers encounter while exiting the present terminal will, in all likelihood, remain. At least that is what a comment from Union minister of state for urban development and chairman of airport advisory committee Saugata Roy hinted at on Friday.\"Is there any place in the world that is free from crime? Can one make such a claim with certainty? Then how can you expect Kolkata airport to be an oasis?\" Roy remarked on the issue during a press conference at the airport.However, contrary to the minister's claim, one does not find touts in front of the terminal buildings at Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore or Hyderabad.While tout raj has been kept under check after the airport was brought under the Bidhannagar commissionerate, it has not been eliminated totally as crackdowns have been stalled by political interference. \"A section of the touts enjoys political patronage at the local level and openly flaunt their party colours,\" a police officer had to say.During the day, few touts loiter around the domestic terminal. But it is a different picture altogether after dusk, particularly outside the international terminal when several flights arrive late in the night.Not only do touts harass passengers over taxis after the last AC bus departs around 8pm, some even bother them over exchanging currency. \"The situation has definitely improved since February when the airport came under the purview of the new commissionerate. But more effective policing is required,\" Roy admitted.Airport director BP Sharma said he would meet the transport minister and secretary to request for extension of the AC bus service from 8pm to 11pm so that passengers arriving by evening fights can avail of it. However, Roy ruled out the possibility of bus operations when late night international flights arrive and depart, citing compulsions of a state transport organization.\"The drivers and conductors are employees of state-run West Bengal Surface Transport Corporation. One cannot expect them to work beyond certain hours,\" he argued.To decongest the airport premises in the evening, when Jessore Road traffic is allowed to cut through the airport premises, the advisory committee has decided to put curbs between 7pm and 9pm. \"At these hours, the through traffic is so heavy that airport-bound passengers are held up in traffic snarl. At times, even flights get delayed as passengers get stuck between the entry gate to the airport on VIP Road and the exit gate on Jessore Road,\" Sharma said.Roy also announced that the state public works department would spend Rs 20 crore in widening the VIP Road near the airport entrance. and beautify the stretch to ease traffic flow into and out of the airport. It will also consider a foot-overbridge at Kaikhali, around 1 km from the airport entrance, to ensure uninterrupted traffic flow.\"PWD will check out the feasibility of the proposal to build a foot-overbridge with escalators. It is already building a flyover from Keshtopur to Baguiati (Joramandir) to circumvent the traffic congestion at this section,\" the minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344645", "title": "Look into motormen's demands: RR Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: Home minister RR Patil has expressed displeasure with the railway administration's approach towards motormen. \"In May 2010, motormen had gone on strike as the railway administration turned a blind eye to their demands. Commuters had to face hardships due to non-availability of locals. I intervened and a compromise formula was reached between the administration and striking motormen. The administration agreed to look into their demands and the strike was withdrawn by the motormen's union,\" Patil said.\"It is unfortunate that nothing has changed for the motormen in two years,\" he added.Patil said citizens have to face problems due to the tussle between the administration and motormen. \"To avoid inconvenience to Mumbaikars, both sides must have regular dialogue,\" Patil stated. \"Next week, a meeting of motormen and the railway authorities will be called to sort out issues,\" he added.Sharat Chandrayan, chief public relations officer, said, \"The railway board has taken a view on all demands by motormen after the 2010 agitation.\" A senior Western Railway official said, \"The board has fulfilled some demands and those unattended to are unfeasible.\"Motormen had gone on a two-day strike in May 2010 and had demanded a weekly off, better infrastructure at rest-rooms and filling of vacant posts. Failing to get a positive response, the motormen again went on a 'flash strike' on July 20, this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "the atman is the light", "code": "15343280", "title": "Light of life", "text": "The Atman is the light: The light is covered by darkness: This darkness is delusion: That is why we dream. When the light of Atman Drives out the darkness That light shines forth from us, A sun in splendour, The revealed Brahmn.Bhagwad Gita 5.15-16 *Inside, you are like a tree barren in some seasons and at other times blossomed.Enlightenment is beyond seasons like an evergreen coconut tree that yields its fruit throughout the year.Sri Sri Ravi Shankar *Knowledge is structured in consciousness.The process of education takes place in the field of consciousness; the prerequisite to complete education is therefore the full development of consciousness enlightenment. Knowledge is not the basis of enlightenment, enlightenment is the basis of knowledge.Maharshi Mahesh Yogi *", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345260", "title": "J Dey murder case: Jigna Vohra didn\u2019t cross limits as scribe, court says", "text": "MUMBAI: Journalist Jigna Vora, an accused in the J Dey murder case, did not cross her limits as a journalist in her desperate attempts to speak to fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan, said the court order while granting her bail.In a detailed order, a special court has said that where statements of the witnesses stating how desperately Vora was trying to contact Chhota Rajan are concerned, if the period mentioned is considered, it will fall short in support of allegation of transgressing her limits as a journalist. Special Judge S M Modak said that there was not enough evidence to keep Vora in jail. Vora, who is alleged to have instigated fugitive gangster Chotta Rajan against Dey, was granted bail on July 27.The court said that the reports did not support the allegation that Vora sent any information about Dey to Rajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15347046", "title": "Degrading heritage with impunity", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After Humayun died, tripping over his clothes on a staircase, it became a very important for Mughal architects to design safe staircases. When Shah Jahan's architects built the Moti Shahi palace, they constructed special steps which are made at different heights. It was a bit awkward walking up these stairs, but experts say that with an elaborate and heavy dress that the royals preferred, the steps were built is a certain, customized proportion. \"These steps are not feasible for the memorial and will be closed to the public. We have constructed separate staircases for visitors. We were told that the staircases of this palace are unique and the only ones present in a Mughal building in Gujarat,\" says secretary of the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society, R S Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347436", "title": "Varsity set to get research centre status", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Research aspirants in the city now have reasons to cheer. Students aspiring to enroll for a PhD programme, but cannot get through Panjab University teaching departments due to dearth of seats, have a fresh lease of hope. PU is all set to grant status of research centre to city's prominent colleges. An issue that has been hanging fire for years, ever since conducting research work was banned in colleges following University Grants Commission's (UGC) minimum standards of research, has now been approved by a special committee. Performa for affiliated colleges to apply for research status has been approved and will now be put forth before the university syndicate for a final nod. While Chandigarh College of Architecture, Government Home Science College in Sector 10, Chandigarh College of Engineering and Technology in Sector 26 and NITTTR in Sector 26 already figure in the list of sanctioned research centres, there are certain other centres that are in the pipeline. Colleges likely to get a research centre status include Post-graduate Government College for Girls in Sector 11 and three other prominent colleges. \"The matter has been hanging fire for years' altogether. Certain colleges were visited by the inspection committee but the report of the committee members triggered protest from colleges. Hence, the performa was restructured and now some more local colleges are likely to get a nod,\" says an administrative functionary of PU, who declined to be named. PU's new vice-chancellor, Arun Grover, had recently asked the college teachers to send proposals to university for collaborative research work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15347296", "title": "Open feud between medicine professors disgraces academic community in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Students of the KAP Viswanatham Government Medical College (KAPVGMC), Trichy, on Thursday witnessed a shocking feud between two of their associate professors, lowering the dignity of the academic community. One angry professor damaged the other's car in the college campus. However, the police are still in a dilemma whether to register a case based on a complaint from the doctor whose car was damaged.It all started when Dr T Gomathi, associate professor of pathology as well as vice-principal of KAPVGMC, and Dr Somasundaram, associate professor of micro-biology at the college, entered into a heated argument on Thursday afternoon with each other over downloading of question papers for MBBS semester exams.Gomathi told TOI that, \"As I was authorized to download question papers for the semester examinations using a secret password, I was in an exclusive room in the hospital at around 01.15 pm. The exam was to commence at 2 pm. But Dr Somasundaram unofficially stepped into the room. I refused to allow him in and asked him to leave. This led to heated arguments between him and me. He then left the place in a huff.\"A few minutes later, I heard a huge sound. When I came out of my room, I was shocked to find Somasundaram breaking the windows of my car,\" said Dr Gomathi.The incident happened in the college campus with students being privy to the proceedings. Later, Gomathi took up the issue with dean Dr A Karthikeyan. On being informed, Cantonment police came to the college on Friday morning to enquire into the issue. But the dean sent them back saying the college administration would solve the problem.\"The incident has disgraced the medical education fraternity. I tried to solve the problem without taking legal action. But Gomathi wanted to take the issue to the police. However, I have formed a three-member committee comprising senior professors to probe the issue. They will conduct an inquiry with both the doctors on Saturday around 11.30 am. Moreover, the director of medical examinations ( DME) is empowered to take any action against the doctors,\" Dr Karthikeyan told TOI.Meanwhile, Dr Gomathi lodged a complaint with the Cantonment police on Friday evening. But the police are yet to decide whether to register a complaint or not.Several attempts to contact Dr Somasundaram went in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15346271", "title": "House rents in Kochi go up by 15-20%", "text": "KOCHI: House rents in Kochi are steadily on the rise, making life difficult for those migrating to the city for employment.Real estate agents say house rents are going up because many people are moving into the city to work in the software companies here. On an average, there has been 15 to 20% increase in house rents in the last couple of years.Rents vary according to areas, and are high in places like Panampilly Nagar, Kadavanthara and MG Road. The average rent for a two bedroom house in the city is Rs 4,000 to Rs 6,000 depending on the age of building. The rent for an independent house with car parking facility is now above Rs 7,500. It was only Rs 5,500 a couple of years ago. In Panampilly Nagar, MG Road and Kadavanthara, Rs 10,000 and above is charged for unfurnished houses and apartments. It was only Rs 8,000 two years ago. \"Demand is high for houses and apartments in Palarivattom, where rents are Rs 8,000 and above based on locality and convenience for travelling to various parts of the city,\" said Sivadas K Menon, a city-based real estate agent.Executive class including those employed with software companies and banks, and NRIs prefer areas like Panampilly Nagar, Kumaranasan Nagar and Vyttila East.M V Antony, president, Kochi chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India ( CREDAI), said, \"House owners expect a reasonable return for investment made in property when giving houses for rent. And this has contributed to the rise in rents.\" He said rents were likely to go up further as there would be more employment opportunities once SmartCity and such other IT projects are completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349032", "title": "Amy, Prateik are only on a break", "text": "The buzz in the industry is that actress Amy Jackson, who could no longer put up with her boyfriend Prateik's over-possessive nature, has called it quits with him. However, sources close to the actress state that the two are on a break and focussing on their work.Despite repeated attempts, Amy, who's currently shooting for Shankar's I , declined to comment. However, her spokesperson rubbished the split reports, claiming, \"Amy and Prateik are very much together, and stay in touch. The two are concentrating on their respective careers, and are shooting for their films in Tamil and Hindi. So, it's not possible for them to meet up every other day. But they do make it a point to chat with each other during breaks. Moreover, Prateik is not an obsessive person and Amy genuinely likes him for what he is. The two of them haven't broken up but are just on a break.\"Amy and Prateik grew close while shooting Gautham Menon's Ekk Deewana Tha . In fact, Prateik was the one who took her around B-Town, helping her in knowing the industry. The two have been transparent about their relationship, and don't shy away from making appearances together. They had even gone to the extent of tattooing each other's name. In fact, Prateik had met Amy's parents and had stated in an interview that he was a possessive lover. The different accounts leave us wondering whether the relationship will weather the storm or just bite the dust soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349038", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor- Priyanka Chopra's big fat Bengali wedding", "text": "TOI brought you pictures of Ranbir Kapoor dressed as a Bengali groom on the sets of his next Anurag Basu film, Barfi!A fresh set of pictures reveal Priyanka Chopra as his bride.What looks like a fun marriage sequence in the film, has both actors dressed in traditional Bengali wedding regalia. While Ranbir sports a dhoti, kurta and 'topor' - a headgear worn by grooms in Bengal, Priyanka is seen wearing a bright red banarasi sari and a 'mukut' - the bride's headgear. With them are several masked Chhau dancers, the folk artists who are said to have originated from the Purulia district of Bengal. And along with the traditional dancers, Ranbir and PeeCee too break into an impromptu jig. Though this is Ranbir's first in-film wedding sequence, PeeCee has tied the knot several times in her films. However, the absence of a priest in the sequence, does make us wonder, whether the actors actually get married in Barfi!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346453", "title": "Uproar in Houses over gang rape", "text": "PATNA: The state legislative council and the assembly on Friday witnessed uproarious scenes with the opposition demanding a CBI probe into the gang rape of a minor girl in the state capital on June 14. The opposition members moved adjournment motions in both the Houses, which were rejected by their presiding officers.As soon as the Council assembled on Friday morning, the leader of opposition, Ghulam Gaus, rose on his feet and started demanding a CBI probe into the gang rape incident. Moving an adjournment motion, he sought a special debate on this issue. He pointed out that the police lodged an FIR on July 24, even though the incident took place on June 14.Another RJD member, Nawal Kishore Yadav, alleged that nobody was safe in the state capital. \"It (gang rape) is a matter of shame for Bihar ,\" he said amid noisy scenes.However, deputy chairman of the Council, Salim Parvez rejected the adjournment motion and asked the opposition members to raise the matter during zero hour.As soon as the question hour ended in the House, opposition members raised the matter again and sought a debate. Kumari Jyoti of the Congress alleged the government was protecting the real culprits. \"The government which makes tall claims about the dignity and empowerment of women , has been totally exposed in this matter,\" she said.Amid noisy scenes, Kumari Jyoti, Nawal Kishore Yadav, Ram Chandra Prasad, Badshah Prasad Azad, Mishri Lal Yadav, Tanvir Hasan and Roma Bharati (all RJD) entered the well demanding action against the culprits.Earlier, the opposition members raised anti-government slogans in the portico of the Council before moving inside the House, accusing the government of trying to cover up the incident.The ruling JD (U) members, including Sanjay Singh, Devesh Chandra Thakur and Neeraj Kumar, also indulged in allegation and counter allegation. The verbal dual between Kumari Jyoti and JD (U) member Sanjay Singh took an ugly turn when they engaged in personal attacks. At one point, deputy chairman Parvez requested Sanjay Singh with folded hands to cooperate in maintaining the decorum of the House. He also expunged some 'objectionable' statements.Sensing the seriousness of the matter, agriculture minister Narendra Singh said the government was ready for a detailed reply on the gang rape case and the chair should fix an appropriate time and date for it.During zero hour in the state assembly, the opposition members entered the well when the Speaker rejected the adjournment motion moved by Samrat Chaudhary and Bhai Birendra (both of RJD) on the gang rape incidents reported in Patna and some other places in the state. The opposition members raised slogans seeking CBI investigation into the gang rape incidents and capital punishment to rapists. Parliamentary affairs minister persuaded the RJD members to get their adjournment motion converted into a call attention notice by the Speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15346386", "title": "Government to get more from mining", "text": "PORVORIM: Revenue minister Francis D'Souza on Friday introduced the Indian Stamp (Goa Amendment) Bill, 2012, which will allow the government to levy a stamp duty of 15% of the amount of royalty on a mining lease's renewal.According to the amendment, it is proposed to levy on every instrument of grant or renewal of a mining lease, the stamp duty equivalent to 15% of the amount of royalty that would accrue out of the annual extraction of minerals permitted under the environmental clearance issued for a mining lease, multiplied by the period of the lease.'For the purposes of sub section (1), the average royalty of the highest grade of minerals from year of commencement of the Indian Stamp (Goa Amendment) Act, 2012, shall be taken into consideration,' the bill stated.The bill also said that the application for renewal of a mining lease has been already made to the state government prior to the expiry of the lease, but renewal of the lease has not been granted by the state government or the mining lease whose period is deemed to have been extended as per provisions contained in the relevant law in force by a further period till the government passes an order thereon, 'The stamp duty payable under sub-section (1) shall be paid by the applicant within a period of 60 days from the date of commencement of the Indian Stamp (Goa Amendment) Act, 2012, in the manner stated in sub section (2) above'.The bill also stated that if the application for grant or renewal of mining lease is rejected by the government then the applicant shall be entitled for refund of full stamp duty paid by him without interest.The bill stated that due to various reasons, the government was not in a position to execute lease deeds for the purpose of renewal or extension of the said lease but leases got extended till the state government passes an order on such applications by virtue of provisions contained in sub rule (6) of rule 24A of the Mineral Concession Rules, 1960, and as a consequence the government was deprived of a very large amount of revenue by way of stamp duty which otherwise would have been payable by the lessees on the renewal of mining leases.'In order to enable the government to recover the said amount of stamp duty which would otherwise be lost, it is proposed to make a provision to the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 (2 of 1899), as in force in the state of Goa,' the bill stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15346914", "title": "Candidates brace up for lawyers association elections", "text": "KANPUR: The aspiring candidates for various posts in annual election of the lawyers association have started campaining though the official announcement has not been made.The elders committee had indicated that election might be held on August 30 and started proceedings in this regard. Though the term of the executive committee is of one-year but present executive committee was enjoying the office since the last two years.The lawyers had lodged a complaint with the Bar Council of UP. On the instruction of Bar Council, the elders committee took the charge and started proceedings for election. Members list has been released and they had been asked to deposit declaration form and dues. About 4,500 lawyers are the members of the lawyers association.The aspiring candidates have hanged big posters and hoardings at several places on the court compound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15347049", "title": "Mohd Azam Khan takes serious view of info leakage", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minister for minority welfare Mohd Azam Khan has taken serious view of the case in which the secrecy of a Government Order (GO) pertaining to construction of boundary wall around graveyards had been breached and the contents of the order had been leaked to a section of the media. He said that confidentiality of this order should have been maintained till the time of its implementation. He has directed secretary, minority welfare to identify at the earliest those officers and employees who are responsible for breaching the confidentiality of this important order and leaking it to a section of the media. He warned that the guilty officials would be made to face the sternest possible punishmen.Khan said that under this order, it had been decided to first get constructed the boundary walls of those graveyards, which are disputed with the amount of Rs 200 crore allocated in this year's budget. The boundary wall of those graveyards, disputes of which had been resolved before hand, would be constructed with the amount to be sanctioned in future, he added.He regretted that the leakage of this order had alerted the land mafia who had illegally grabbed the precious land of graveyards and now they would in all likelihood try not to allow proper implementation of the government order. \"I will not tolerate such malpractices of a handful of corrupt officials and will certainly bring them to book,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347174", "title": "52.4% rural women keen to adopt two-child norm", "text": "JAIPUR: Women in rural areas are willing to adopt the two-child family norm. According to the annual health survey 2010-11 data released by the Centre a fortnight ago, about 52.4% women in rural areas of Rajasthan with two children don't want more kids.Rajasthan was among the nine states to be surveyed under the annual project conducted by the registrar general and census commissioner, Government of India. Nearly 60.5% women, combining rural and urban figures, said they would like to adopt two-child norm. In urban centres, more women showed keenness to adopt the norm with close to 75% saying that they don't want more than two children.While the trend is encouraging, the state still has miles to travel to check the total fertility rate (TFR) and provide access to contraceptives to women across segments. TFR is the average number of children that would be born to a woman in her lifetime (or end of reproductive life).The TFR has been a major concern for the state government with Rajasthan recording a TFR of 3.2, which is one of the highest among the nine states surveyed.The states surveyed are Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand.Bihar and UP have the highest TFR of 3.7 and 3.6 respectively.The TFR is higher in rural areas at 3.4 against 2.5 in urban areas in the state. Some districts have alarmingly high TFR of above 4. These are Banswara, Dholpur and Barmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346934", "title": "Trinamool Congress unions disrupt work at top hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when the state government is trying to project a bandh-free image of Bengal, two labour factions of the ruling Trinamool Congress flexed their muscles at one of the city's best-known private hospitals and tried to disrupt work on Friday.The majority group, led by Trinamool leader Ram Pyare Ram, suddenly went on ceasework in the morning to protest against the management's attempts to enforce a new duty roster. The other faction, led by Trinamool chief whip in the Assembly, Shobhandeb Chattopadhyay, did not join the agitation. But Ram's group allegedly tried to stop the others from joining work, triggering a scuffle.It took the intervention of labour minister Purnendu Bose to end the impasse at Woodland's Hospital after nearly eight hours. The root of the dispute seems to be whether a meal break is included in the eight-hour shift. The management decided to cut the pay of some \"undisciplined\" employees who refused to go by the roster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345293", "title": "Pune alarm: Cops told to fix CCTVs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking cue from the Pune blasts which reminded how non-functional CCTVs had even let down investigators in their probe here in the capital as well in the past, the home ministry on Friday instructed Delhi Police to do a comprehensive check on the city's existing 'camera' network and make it a practice to do a \"daily review\" of its functioning.Similar instructions will also be passed on to all states and Union territories. States will also be asked to quickly implement the scheme of installing more cameras at almost all public places, including markets and shopping malls in big cities.Sources said the network, which was upgraded for the Commonwealth Games, will be completely re-checked before Independence Day. Senior police officers will review the working of the CCTV network under their jurisdiction daily, and send weekly reports to the police headquarters.A recent survey had found that several CCTV networks, especially in markets, needed an overhaul. Last year, no cameras were found installed outside the high court premises when supposed LeT terrorists carried out blasts in the main entrance area.According to senior police officers, ITSN will span 265km of road length, covering 277 signalized junctions with 1,687 cameras. There will be cameras to record specific violations. \"While 52 will be used as enforcement cameras, 35 will record traffic signal violations and 36 others on open stretches will record speed violations,\" said an officer. Senior officers also talked about the installation of CCTVs at 29 major city markets in the next three months. \"ECIL will complete this work by March. The project will cover 57 markets and 27 border points, and will be an essential tool to counter terrorism and street crime. This will also help us control traffic. The entire network will be monitored from the C4i centre at the police headquarters. C4i proved its worth during the Commonwealth Games when it was the nerve centre of activity,\" added the officer.Officers said the termination of Anna Hazare's fast had reduced their worries. \"Our commandos are present at important places like the PM's residence and India Gate after dusk. We will not allow any terrorist to find an easy target,'' said an officer. Police recently spent a sleepless night after receiving a false alert about two women leaving two bags in a J&amp;K-registered; truck and \"fleeing\".Sources pointed out that completing the surveillance network would take time. \"Technical hitches and paucity of funds have led to even the ITSN tenders being scrapped a couple of times,'' said another officer.A special cell team left for Pune on Thursday night. It will visit the blast sites and conduct an enquiry into the chemicals used.\"The use of bicycles is a common strategy of Indian Mujahideen. They even use ammonium nitrate and similar chemicals along with detonators. In the latest attack, several detonators had failed to detonate. Given that we had an important role in bursting these modules, we want to be sure that no one from the capital was involved in this attack,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15346869", "title": "Bride\u2019s father invites 400 \u2018special guests\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: This wedding will have 'special' guests from care centers. Over 400 inmates from rehab centres, old age homes and association for the blind have been invited to bless an engineer-couple who are tying knot on August 5.Sindhu Vittal, the bride, is a polymer science engineer and daughter of N Vittal Lad, who runs People for people, a social welfare organization in Mysore. Sindhu will get married to Rakesh More, an engineer, at Rajendra Kalyana Mantapa on Sunday.For the guest list in his daugter's wedding, Vittal Lad has chalked up a different plan. Instead of inviting special guests like politicians, industrialists and bureaucrats; Lad has invited the neglected and destitute people.The father of the bride said he has invited inmates of Shakthi Dhama, Shree Seva Nikethana, Puttaveeramma, Belaku Vrudhashrama, Shanthi Dhama, Aravinda Ashrama, Bharathi Vrudhashram, Karunya Makkala Mane, JSS blind girls house and National Federation bled. Lad said he is expecting more than 400 inmates from these centres.\"I can think of fat wedding and inviting a big number of relatives and friends. But, what do I get from it,\" the father asked. \"These poor and neglected people have no one in their lives and they only need love. This is the reason why I have invited them to the wedding,\" Vittal explained.TransportationTransportation arrangement has been made to pick up and drop the special guests from their place to wedding hall and back to their centres. The bride and bridegroom will also pose for photos with their guests.MenuAll the guests at the wedding will have food in the same dining room. In the wedding the family has arranged for Chiroti, pulaos and different types of sweets to be served on plantain leaves. Vittal claimed there will be surprise gifts for the cleaners.We wanted a different and a special wedding to share happiness. Generally we have relatives and friends for weddings. But, my family thought of inviting inmates of care centres because their relatives have deserted them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345244", "title": "Odisha man found murdered near Ponneri", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old man from Odisha was found dead in his room at a unit manufacturing hollow bricks near Ponneri, around 40km from here, on Friday morning.A hunt is on for his three roommates, also from Odisha. Dikeswar was apparently hammered to death, police said.Early in the morning, a fellow worker went to the makeshift tent at the bricks manufacturing unit in Ealiambedu village and found Dikeswar dead.He had shared it with Kailash, 24, Harish, 23. and Gopi, 24.Police soon rushed there and sent the body to hospital for post-mortem. Inquiries with workers at the site revealed that the four friends consumed alcohol on Thursday night and a quarrel may have been erupted among them. It appears that Dikeswar was hammered in the head and he died of excessive blood loss, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandarpur", "code": "15345431", "title": "Finally, gang of pseudo cops busted", "text": "CHANDARPUR: City police has finally made a breakthrough in the pseudo cops case involved in duping of elderly women of jewellery across the district. A team of Chandrapur City police arrested three accused from Ahmednagar district.The gang was a headache for police department for last one year, as these tricksters use to con their victim shamming themselves as cops. All earlier efforts of police to nab the accused tricksters had proved futile. Police department had even declared an alert over tricksters and circulated their sketches to all police stations. Still there was no breakthrough and the gang continued to strike at one or other place across the district since August 2011. There were more than half-a-dozen cases of against the gang under City and Ramnagar police stations in the town. Apart from this, gang had duped elderly women in Mul, Warora, Ghugus, Ballarpur and Bramhapuri.\"The gang used to bring a car and bike with them. Two members go out one bike and after tricking their victim would flee on the bike and rush to the car. Their accomplices waiting in the car then take over the bike and the actual tricksters would take the car. This move helped the gang to escape every time they committed the crime,\" said investigation officer PSI Rajendra Bansode.During investigation, Bansode studied the modus operandi and looked for similar offences which had taken place out of the district. Soon it turned out that people of a particular community from Shrirampur and Bhusawal were involved in such crime and many offences were registered them. Later he mobilized the informers, who soon came up with necessary information.Based on the intelligence input, a team led by Bandsode raided Shrirampur and arrested three accused identified as Sajjad Ali Irani (28), Chimu Pathan Irani (40) and Ayat Ali Irani (28). They were produced before the court and sent to police custody till August 4. Victim women in couple of cases have also identified the accused. Cops are likely to make more arrests in the case in coming days. The accused being wanted at other places in district, they might be handed over to other police station where similar crimes are registered against them, Bansode said.BOXModus operandiThe tricksters posed themselves as policemen and intercepted an elderly woman on deserted streets. They warn the victim woman of rising incidents of theft and waylaying and ask her to keep all her jewellery in her handbag. They even threaten the victim by claiming that senior police officer (Bade Sahab) is carrying out a checking and would fine her Rs2,000 for wearing jewellery. Hence to avoid the wrath of the officer, she should keep her jewellery in her purse for now and wear it back at her home. While posing to help the victim keep her jewellery safely in her handbag, they would steal it stealthy and disappear from the scene.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15350331", "title": "DGCA should be a technical person, not bureaucrat: Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Should the director general of civil aviation (DGCA) be a technical person well versed in aviation safety matters or a bureaucrat? This age old debate of specialist versus generalist has been revived with the India chapter of Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA) recommending that the DGCA should be a technical person.In a recent report spelling out four key changes that Indian aviation needs to make for ensuring safety in the skies, CAPA says: \"Total airport passenger traffic could increase from approximately 160 million in 2011 to 450 million by 2020, making India the third largest aviation market in the world behind the US and China. But if this is to occur, and occur safely, the establishment of a strong and independent regulator is an essential foundation.\"For this, it has recommended four things: \"The position of DG should be held by a technocrat and not a bureaucrat. Tenures of 3-5 years will provide greater stability, rather than the more frequent turnover that we have seen in recent times. In several instances, the DG held the position as an additional charge, limiting the attention which they could provide to the role.\"Among the other three steps are, it says the DGCA should be redefined to focus solely on safety and not commercial matters. \"Safety is a matter in which politics has no place. If India is to achieve its safety objectives, technical regulation of the aviation sector must be independent, transparent and skilled. There must be a common purpose between the (aviation) ministry and the DGCA which has not always been the case,\" IATA says while calling for significant investment is required in personnel, training and skills development to ensure strong domain expertise. \"This professionalism must extend to the very top.\"The greatest emphasis is on replacing the DGCA with an independent regulator in the form of an Indian Civil Aviation Authority, as long proposed by the government. \"However these plans are moving slowly and it could take another 12-18 months before the authority is functioning. Addressing the skills deficit at the DGCA cannot wait until then and urgent measures need to be taken in the interim. The growth of the entire sector (and India's aviation reputation) is at stake,\" CAPA says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "15349436", "title": "Heavy rains create havoc in Uttarakhand, Chardham Yatra suspended", "text": "DEHRADUN: Three jawans of fire services were among six persons killed as torrential rains continued to pound Uttarakhand on Saturday triggering landslides and flash floods which flattened homes and stranded hundreds of pilgrims with the Chardham Yatra coming to a grinding halt.The Garhwal region bore the brunt of nature's fury with the government sounding a high alert in the state after the met department's warning of very heavy rains.Two children were killed in a house collapse at Kararnprayag area of Chamoli district early on Saturday, said sources in the Disaster Management and Mitigation Centre (DMMC) here.Another child was washed away in the flash floods at Pokhri area of the district where landslides continue to hit blocking highways leading to Badrinath.Hundreds of Badrinath pilgrims were stranded at various places at Patalganga, Lambagar and Birahi due to fresh landslips.In Uttarkashi district, flash floods hit several low lying areas creating havoc in the district.At least three jawans of the fire brigade department were killed at Gangori area even as Chardham yatra to Gangotri and Yamunotri remained suspended for the second day on Saturday.In Gangori area of Uttarkashi, Bhagirathi is flowing above the danger level with people being evacuated to safer areas.Nearly 30 homes were washed away in the floods with the Gangori bridge also collapsing.\"We have now reports that three jawans of the fire brigade were killed in Gangori,\" said state disaster management minister Yashpal Arya.The yatra for Kedarnath shrine was also suspended, the sources said.Chief Minister Vijay Bahuguna was monitoring the situation and has asked the concerned authorities to launch rescue and relief operation in the disaster-hit areas.Bahuguna has asked concerned officers to reopen roads leading to the pilgrim shrines so that the stranded pilgrims can go home.He has also asked the special Chardham cell set up at the secretariat to send him a daily report regarding the situation in the Garhwal region.The state government would provide food and other essential items to the stranded pilgrims, he said.Landslides are common in fragile hills of Garhwal region.Last year, the government had suspended the Chardham Yatra to Gangotri and Badrinath shrines following heavy landslides and torrential rains for nearly one week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "keonjhar (odisha)", "code": "15349896", "title": "Three killed in hotel fire in Odisha's Keonjhar district", "text": "KEONJHAR (ODISHA): Three persons from Kolkata were killed apparently due to suffocation and three others injured when a fire broke out at a hotel in Odisha's Keonjhar district on Saturday, police said.The three deceased from Kolkata who had checked into the hotel at Barbil on Friday were in sleep when the fire broke out around 3am and filled the building with thick smoke smoke.The victims apparently failed to come out of the two-storey hotel building following the fire which was suspected to have erupted due to a short circuit.Police and fire brigade personnel ventured into the building after the blaze was extinguished, police said adding three persons were declared dead, three others were injured and undergoing treatment at a nearby hospital.Two of the deceased were identified as Gautam Basu (61) and Arun Kumar Choudhury.There were nine occupants in the hotel besides staff, who managed to come out safely, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15347323", "title": "4 parking points marked for Shravan Pheri", "text": "NASHIK: The police and the district administration have finally decided on four parking points for vehicles along Nashik-Trimbakeshwar road on Monday, when thousands of devotees would be visiting Trimbakeshwar for the annual Shravan Somwar Pheri. The four points are at Khambale, Mahindra delivery point, Shivaji Nagar and Golf Club grounds.The parking points were decided following a meeting between the district administration and the rural and city police on Friday afternoonregarding the parking arrangement.Earlier, the rural police had proposed that pilgrims should park their private vehicles at the Golf Club Grounds, the ground opposite the Maharashtra Police Academy (MPA) and Satpur within the city police commissionerate. It was also decided that no private vehicles would be allowed beyond Shivaji Nagar, near Satpur, on the Trimbak Road, which would leave pilgrims with no option other than to park their vehicles in the city limits.However, the city police objected to the same following which a meeting was heldon Friday afternoon. In the meeting it was decided that pilgrims would park their vehicles at Khambale. Once the parking at Khambale is full, pilgrims will be stopped at the Mahindra pick-up point, where another parking arrangement has been made. With that parking becoming full as well, private vehicles will be directed to Shivaji Nagar and the Golf Club grounds.No vehicles will be allowed to be parked on the road from Shivaji Nagar to Khambale. The police said that if vehicles are found parked there, they would immediately tow them away and vehicles will be released only after paying fine. There is ambiguity if the vehicles parked at Golf Club grounds will be manned by the police.Given that the threat of terror attack has been looming large since long and more so after the series of bomb blasts in Pune recently, pilgrims have been strictly barred from bringing mobile phones inside the temples or any kind of bag for the Shravan Pheri for security reasons.The rural police have made strict security arrangements for the Shravan Pheri.The Trimbakeshwar police informed that 900 police employees will be keeping a security check all across Trimbakeshwar as well as the circumambulation route of 20 km and 40 km around the Bramhagiri hill.In addition, Apart from the 900 employees there would be 15 police inspectors, 40 police sub inspectors and 500 home guards. Further, the police have also set up watch towers and as many as 12 closed-circuit television cameras for vigilance. Scanning machines, detectors, hand metal detectors and sniffer dogs will also be pressed into service to ensure that no mischief on part of anyone, the police informed.The Shravan Pheri sees thousands of pilgrims from Nashik district and various parts of the state embark on the tedious 20 km and 40 km walk around the Bramhagiri mountain in Trimbakeshwar as a mark of devotion to Shiva on the third Monday of Shravan month. Last year, five lakh pilgrims had visited the spot. come for circumambulating the Bramhagiri mountain on the third Shravani Somvaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15345790", "title": "Naveen Patnaik takes middle path on Pyari loyalists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The ongoing war between chief minister Naveen Patnaik and his erstwhile political guru Pyarimohan Mohapatra contributed much to the much-awaited ministry reshuffle on Thursday that saw five ministers taken out and nine, including six new faces inducted, taking the team's total to 21.With Pyari no more around to consult, it was Naveen's maiden attempt in 12 years in power to handle the reshuffle, all by him. And the stakes evidently were quite high for him. Because, after the May 29 episode when Mohapatra allegedly attempted to dethrone Naveen, the BJD is seen to have been divided and Naveen has been constantly under pressure to oust Pyari supporters from the government. Added to his problems was the recent threat by Pyari that any attempt to do away with his loyalists from the ministry could make Naveen's continuance in power untenable.There is no secret that Pyari loyalists are galore not only in the ministry but in the party. That they have not yet come out openly for the fallen Rajya Sabha member and if talks in the party are to be believed would never stand by Pyari in the future is beside the point. But Naveen, who the post-May 29 'failed coup' has used every possible source to identify Pyari supporters, apparently was wary of dumping all his perceived detractors in one go. Hence, he chose a middle path, dropping some like Prafulla Ghadei, Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak and Prafulla Samal for the time being and keeping others for the future.Power attracts many. Now that almost all in the BJD claim to be Naveen loyalists, the chief minister in his desperation to ward off possible threat from Pyari, however, could not satisfy everybody. He took Damodar Rout, whom he had removed earlier from the ministry. Bijayashree Routray, who had earlier resigned as minister after being accused of taking bribe in the World Bank project, was re-inducted as a cabinet minister. So was the case with Rabi Narayan Nanda, who had to quit as a minister in a similar circumstance. \"The 2014 Assembly election is still quite far. There could be another reshuffle before that when some others might be accommodated,\" said a senior BJD functionary.But the political circle here see Thursday's ministry as not an end to Naveen's problem. \"The tainted persons are back in the ministry. Naveen Patnaik's government has never been transparent and is full of corruption and scams. Thursday's ministry reshuffle indicates the situation is unlikely to improve,\" said PCC president Niranjan Patnaik. The state BJP president Jual Oram is skeptical about the government's stability. He felt the dissension in the government and party would increase in the coming days. \"Trouble is bound to mount for Naveen Patnaik in the future,\" Oram said.But those removed from the ministry expressed their loyalty to Naveen Patnaik and ruled out revolt in the party. \"Naveen Patnaik is our leader. How he gives shape to his ministry is the prerogative of the chief minister,\" was the view of both Prafulla Ghadei and Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak. Pyarimohan Mohapatra, who predicted a bigger problem for Naveen, nevertheless offered his reaction quite diplomatically. \"All are my loyalists including the chief minister. Those inducted in the ministry and those removed are my supporters,\" Pyari said, declining to comment whether the ministry reshuffle would set the voice of dissension louder in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350094", "title": "City paid tribute to Md Rafi on his death anniversary", "text": "From singing golden classics to awarding actor Anu Chowdhury, Bhubaneswar celebrated the 32nd death anniversary of Md Rafi with elan. Abhijeet, Arpita, Iqbal Chand, Manoj, Pushpanjali, Strustee and Vrushali \u2014 singers from a cultural organization in Bhubaneswar \u2014 entertained the audience with Rafi's timeless classics like, 'Chale the saath', 'Abhi na jao chhod kar', 'Chalkaye jaam','Yeh reshmi zulfein', 'Tere husn ki kya tareef', 'Aa lag ja gale', 'Savere wali gaadi se' and many more.\"I am a big fan of Rafi saab and it was great to listen to his songs,\" said Mrityunjay Panda from the audience. Actor Anu Chowdhury, who received the \" Geet Tarang Award 2012\" from the organization, was very excited with the award. \"I am happy to receive this award and I really enjoyed the evening listening to the songs,\" an excited Anu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345373", "title": "Coal mines threaten over 1.1 million ha forest in Central India", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the environment ministry continues to come under pressure to speed up coal mining in forest areas, a GIS analysis released by Greenpeace, an NGO working for environment protection, shows that coal mining threatens over 1.1 million hectares forest in 13 coalfields in Central India alone.The analysis - 'How coal mining is trashing tigerland', conducted by the Geoinformatics Lab at Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment (ATREE), Bangalore, overlaid maps of 13 coalfields with forest cover, protected area boundaries and the latest government data on presence of tigers, elephants and leopards.The 13 coalfields include Singrauli, Sohagpur, Sonhat, Tatapani, Hasdeo-Arand, Mandraigarh, Auranga, North Karanpura, West Bokaro, Talcher, Ib Valley, Wardha and Kamptee. These coalfields are in Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Odisha, Jharkhand and Vidarbha.The analysis reveals that almost all coalfields overlap with endangered species habitat. Of the 1.1 million hectares of forest at risk, over 1,85,000 hectares are inhabited by tigers, over 2,70,000 hectares by leopards and over 55,000 hectares by elephants.Saying that the blackout in Northern India is not a reason to fast-track coal projects, Ashish Fernandes, coal campaigner with Greenpeace said, \"The blackout is a wake-up call for the government to revisit its unsustainable energy policy. We need to diversify our power generation sources as well as our distribution model.\"He added that renewable energy and energy efficiency can no longer be given step motherly treatment. \"Locking the country into a coal intensive pathway is going to be disastrous for the country, and will not guarantee us power.\"The report highlights the massive costs India is facing from the huge expansion in coal mining. The mines will impact eight tiger reserves and corridors, including Tadoba-Andhari, Kanha, Bandhavgarh, Sanjay-Dubri, Kawal, Satkosia, Simlipal and Palamau. These reserves have been identified by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) as essential for the long-term survival of the species, yet face the threat of coal mining.Greenpeace warned the analysis is just the tip of the iceberg , as there are approximately 40 coalfields in Central India, many of them in forest areas. \"The study focuses on coal mining's impact on mega fauna, but the loss of forests is also going to hit communities dependent on them. The era of cheap coal is over. Across India, from mine to power plant, communities are questioning coal as a source of electricity and asking for sustainable alternatives,\" Fernandes said.After the prime minister's office (PMO) and the group of ministers dismissed the 'Go' and 'No Go' policy on coal mining in forest areas, the coal lobby has been demanding that environment ministry approve all coal mining proposals in forest areas. Adani Power Limited (APL) has already moved to get back Lohara mines near Tadoba.In April 2012, environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan refuted the charge that her ministry was to blame for the power shortage faced by the country. She said that clearances granted by her ministry for coal mining and coal-fired power plants in fact surpass the Indian government's own targets till 2017.\"The environment ministry continues to clear coal power projects and mines way beyond requirement, often overriding objections of its own officials and committees. We are asking for an immediate moratorium on all new forest clearances, until the criteria for determining forests off limits to mining are agreed on and implemented, with proper public consultation and input,\" said Biswajit Mohanty of Wildlife Society of Orissa and member of the National Board for Wildlife (NBWL).The report also identifies key corporate players in each coalfield, and warns that securing clearances for coal mining in forest areas is going to be more difficult as the level of scrutiny by civil society increases.As part of a public mobilization drive, Greenpeace is collecting signatures on a petition to the prime minister demanding that he ensure protection of forests in Central India from coal mining.BOXWHAT 13 COALFIELDS MEAN* Destruction of over a million hectares of standing forest, of which over 7,39,000ha is dense forest with canopy density of 40% and above* Over 3,54,000ha forest lies within 10km buffer of a protected area. This has both ecological implications and legal implications. Any mining will need nod of NBWL* Over 1,86,600ha within these 13 coalfields showed tiger presence according to official data in 2010* Over 2,77,600ha within these coalfields showed leopard presence and 55,900ha showed elephant presence* Connectivity between Bandhavgarh, Palamau, Hazaribagh, Tadoba, Bor, Umred-Kharandla, Pench, Satpuda, Tadoba, Chaprala, Kawal, Indravati and Satkosia-Simlipal will be severed by coal mining* Will impact 8 tiger reserves which harbour an estimated 230 tigers* Coal India has announced plans to ramp up domestic coal production from 435 mtpa in 2011 to 615 mtpa in 2017* Given the current state of coal mining, virtually all forest areas in these 13 coalfields and many more will need to be opened up to facilitate mining", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15346214", "title": "Patients on life support take heart from cadaver registry", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state will soon have an online registry for cadaver transplantation, similar to the one in Tamil Nadu. A beta version of the website, which will promote online registration of both donors and recipients, would be presented before a select group of doctors on Saturday.The website will focus on educating the public on the need for organ donation and on patient support system. It will also act as a guide for doctors and create a donor card for registering donations. \"More than the donors, creating the registry of recipients is important since we have to prioritize them,'' said Dr Pisharadi, principal of medical college, Thiruvananthapuram, and state convener of cadaver transplant programme in Kerala.The major problem in organ transplantation is shortage of organs. By promoting cadaver organ donation, including vital organs like kidney, liver, pancreas, heart and intestine, as well as tissues (cornea, skin, heart valves, cartilage, tendon and ligaments) from a single deceased donor can save many lives, Dr Pisharadi explained.The online registry will ensure, both, transparency in the organ donation programme and render the formalities of organ transplantation simpler. Once the registry is online, matching organs can be selected from any harvesting centre in the state. Any hospital with ICU and ventilator system can qualify as a harvesting centre.The state government had come out with a cadaver transplantation programme in February this year listing out norms and procedures for determining brain death and giving legal sanction for organ transplantation.The Tamil Nadu-based NGO Multi-Organ Harvesting Aid Network (MOHAN) Foundation which successfully developed a website for the Tamil Nadu government will help Kerala in developing the online registry. \"Technical experts will be reaching here on Saturday to familiarize us about their experience in Tamil Nadu,'' Dr Pisharady said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15350230", "title": "Anti-plagiarism check for doctoral research in UOP", "text": "PUNE: An anti-plagiarism check through a US based popular software will be a salient feature of the assessment of the theses and dissertations submitted by doctoral research students of University of Pune (UOP) for their PhD, beginning the new academic year.A decision to this effect was recently taken by the university's management council outlining stringent measures to promote independent research and curb plagiarism which represents work done by other person as one's own contribution.The UOP, considered one of the most prestigious universities in the country, will be acquiring the anti-plagiarism software which will be kept with its various post-graduate departments and affiliated colleges that conduct and assess doctoral research in various branches, according to UOP vice chancellor Wasudev Gade.The measure, seen as a first of sorts, is in keeping with the University Grant Commission's (UGC) recommendations to check and detect \"intentional and non-intentional\" acts of plagiarism in submission of theses and dissertations for doctoral research, he added.The software which is used internationally can go through huge databases to identify plagiarised portions of a work.In order to boost independent research, UOP will set up Research Advisory Councils manned by experts to cover presentations in science and non-science areas, Vice Chancellor Gade noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15349358", "title": "Transporters meet CM Prithviraj Chavan for new truck terminals, training school for drivers", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has said he would look into the suggestions made by transporters associations to set up more truck terminals, parking lots and a training school for drivers in the state.He met the representatives of All-India Motor Transport Congress and heard their grievances on Friday evening. AIMTC president Bal Malkit Singh told TOI on Saturday, \"The CM tried to understand all our issues and suggestions patiently and with a positive approach. The issues ranged from imminent de-control of diesel prices and request for reduction of state tax on the same. On the speed governor issue, he said that he will look into the revision of speed limits and get the directions from the Central government. He assured to take strict action against overloading of trucks and check the worsening law and order situation on state highways.\"Sources in the CM's office said that Chavan would also look into the demand for a toll permit scheme on the lines of National permit for truck drivers across the country. Among other demands made by transporters were providing basic amenities to truckers on highways and clearing pending permissions for Wadala truck terminal. \"The issue of charging of escorts fees in the state was also discussed, which the CM asked his finance secretary to look into,'' Singh said.Chavan has also assured AIMTC members that they will be represented as members in Road Safety Board, Road Safety Council and few other important committees, sources in CM office stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15346276", "title": "Ten years jail for attacking govt staff\u2019s family", "text": "KOCHI: With CPM agitations spiralling out of control and resulting in widespread attacks on government officials and offices belonging to rival political parties, director general of prosecution on Friday submitted a draft amendment to the Indian Penal Code and Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).The draft amendment defined provisions to protect family members of government officials, and made attacks on party offices a crime punishable with five years imprisonment.According to the amendment framed by director general of prosecution T Asaf Ali, anyone causing grievous hurt to a member of a public servant's family in retaliation to any act done by the official while discharging his/her official duty, shall be punished with imprisonment of/up to 10 years and fine. If the attack only results in simple injury, the punishment will be imprisonment of/up to three years and fine.The amendment proposed is an extension of existing provisions in the Indian Penal Code (section 333 and 332), which stipulate imprisonment of/up to 10 years and fine for causing grievous hurt to a public servant whereas causing simple hurt is punishable with imprisonment of/up to three years and fine. Family of the public servant is defined in the proposed amendment to include the wife or husband of the public servant, their legitimate and illegitimate children and any person related to the official by blood, marriage or adoption.The director general of prosecution also suggested amending Indian Penal Code to make attacks on party offices a punishable crime with imprisonment of/up to five years and fine.The punishment will be for causing damage to property other than public property, which includes property owned by any recognized political party registered under the Representation of People Act of 1951 and voluntary organizations registered under the Societies Registration Act of 1870 or similar laws.In addition to being amendments intended to rein in rampaging political activists, they would also be the first batch of amendments to the Indian Penal Code and CrPC made by the state government.\"This would be the first amendments to Indian Penal Code and CrPC being suggested by the Kerala government. No such amendments have been made by the Kerala government before,\" the DGP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15345313", "title": "Corporation hard disks missing", "text": "Seven computer hard disks containing important information of North Delhi Municipal Corporation have gone missing from Civic Centre. The incident allegedly took place between July 27 and July 30 at the engineering &amp; DEMS division but cops were informed on August 1. According to the FIR, the theft came to notice after IT professionals carried an inspection as the computers in the department weren't booting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15347177", "title": "Sonar Fort restoration work begins", "text": "JAISALMER: The local administration and archaeological department has sprung into action, few days after TOI reported about the Union tourism minister Selja Kumari expressing anger over the delay in the restoration work of Sonar Fort at a meeting in New Delhi.In the wake of increase in commercial activities and the deteriorating condition of the fort, the minister had asked the local administration to take immediate action, particularly, against illegal encroachments.A part of the fort's wall had collapsed due to the heavy rains last year. The work on conservation and beautification of the historic fort started on Wednesday. A local administration team inspected the Gopa Chowk sabzi mandi and held talks with the sellers on relocating them to another locality.A 'peepal' tree that was growing along the walls of the fort was removed amid tight security. The work on removing the shrubs and wild grass growing on all sides of the fort also began.The repair and restoration of the fort had been delayed due to lack of funds. With rise in cost of labour and raw materials, the department was delaying in allotting the budget.Over the next few days, debris and garbage removal from and around the fort will be started along with cleaning of drains.Besides, the authorities have also issued notices to residents of the 32 houses inside the fort area. The municipal corporation has asked the owners to raze these houses, which are in a terrible condition, or it will be forced to evict them and demolish the houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15346367", "title": "A strict no to freshers' party", "text": "BHOPAL: Are you and your college friends planning for a freshers' party and thrilled about that ice-breaking session? If yes , then here is a news that may act as dampener on your excitement. Going strict, Madhya Pradesh higher education department has kept 'freshers' party' under the purview of ragging.The recent guidelines issued by Madhya Pradesh higher education department states that the students should abstain themselves from participating in any kind of fresher's party \"anywhere inside or outside the campus.\"The new anti-ragging guidelines also caution the freshers: \"Junior students are instructed that they should move in groups within the campus and they should not respond to the calls from seniors.\"When contacted, Barkatullah University's registrar, Dr Sanjay Tiwari said fresher's party are strictly prohibited in the university campus. \"Even before the guidelines are issued, we have made our campus 'no freshers' party zone',\" Tiwari said.He, however, admitted that the students have been conducting fresher's party outside the campus.\"We cannot do anything about that. Students organize such parties outside the campus without bringing it to our knowledge. We will definitely take action if complaints are filed by any student in this connection,\" Dr Tiwari added.Around 350 colleges are affiliated to Barkatullah University in eight districts of the state.Dr Tiwari also said that private colleges have been organizing freshers' party.\"As far as my knowledge is concerned, it has been noticed that students in private institutions are keen to conduct freshers' party,\" he said.On being asked about the strict guidelines over freshers' party, students gave mixed reactions.\"Freshers' Day or party is a welcome party to newcomers and there is a need to be friendly with juniors. But these days, freshie parties have taken the shape of fashion shows, and are celebrated in pubs and clubs. Though we enjoy a lot at such places, it also attracts youth to unhealthy habits. Moreover, it's a burden on students who are incapable to cough up money on booze and other vices,\" a student, Niharika Mehta said.Another student Pankaj Sahai said: \"Students need moments to chillax. The very purpose of fresher's party is to welcome newcomers in a friendly atmosphere. We do not rag them there but only interact and befriend with.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15349865", "title": "Passengers upset over AC bus tickets for Nashik, Aurangabad being revised in five days", "text": "MUMBAI: The two new AC bus services launched by the MSRTC to Nashik and Aurangabad from August 1 got a good response from passengers.But in just five days, the fares are set to increase on these two routes. While the Mumbai-Nashik Volvo tickets will go up by Rs 17, the one to Aurangabad will be costlier by Rs 35 from Sunday.MSRTC managing director Deepak Kapoor said the transport body was incurring losses to the tune of Rs 15 lakhs daily due to the diesel price hike and this has compelled the corporation to hike passenger fares on all routes, including the ones launched earlier this week.Passengers are, however, upset with some of them stating that the MSRTC should not have revised the fares on the new routes for at least two months.For the Nashik Volvos, the fare will go up from Rs 264 to Rs 281 while for Aurangabad route, the fare will be Rs 579 instead of Rs 544. \"The buses will be semi-luxury AC and will cater to the middle-class segment. The fares are affordable and you can travel 182 kms to Nashik in a little over four hours,\" Kapoor said.The first bus from Nashik leaves at 6.45 am and reaches Mumbai at 11 am. The bus from Mumbai departs at 1.30 pm and reaches Nashik at 5.45 pm. The buses will pass through Thane. \"So, you can board buses from Thane to Nashik and the fare will be slightly cheaper,\" said, a MSRTC spokesperson. Said Kapoor, \"The buses have been branded as Sheetal semi-luxury AC bus, which already ply between Mumbai and Pune.\"The MSRTC is the first state transport body in the country to start an AC bus for the middle-class passengers. \"The fares are cheaper than those for AC Volvos,\" he stated.The bus from Mumbai to Aurangabad leaves 5.45 pm from Mumbai and reaches Aurangabad at 3.30 am the next day. In its return journey, it leaves Aurangabad at 8.15 pm and reaches Mumbai 6 am next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "15349139", "title": "UN adopts resolution on Syria, India abstains", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: The UN General Assembly has overwhelmingly adopted a Saudi-drafted resolution on Syria that denounced the escalating violence in the country and demanded a political transition, a voting in which India was among 31 nations that abstained.The symbolic UN General Assembly resolution, which expressed \"grave concern\" at the escalating violence in Syria, got 133 votes in favour in the 193-member body on Friday.India abstained from voting after the Saudi-drafted text referred to calls for President Bashar Al Assad to step down and asked UN states to severe diplomatic relations with the troubled nation.The resolution, which is not legally binding and is of a moral nature, also demanded that the country lockdown its chemical and biological weapons.In his explanation of vote on the resolution, India's permanent representative to the UN ambassador Hardeep Singh Puri said the resolution makes specific reference to the July 22 resolution of the League of Arab States which \"openly called for President Assad to step down from power and for other UN members to severe diplomatic relations and contacts with Syria.\"He said while India does not hold any brief for any particular Syrian leader, it could not welcome the League's resolution.\"It is unfortunate that this element of the present resolution was not removed, and hence we have abstained from the resolution,\" Puri said.The resolution also deplored \"the failure of the Security Council to agree on measures to ensure the compliance of Syrian authorities with its decisions\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15345045", "title": "NGO reunites missing Jharkhand youth with dad", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A year after he went missing from his home in Jharkhand, Rahul Gautam (24) was recently reunited with his father, thanks to the efforts of a New Panvel-based NGO.On August 5, 2011, Rahul, who was \"depressed\" at repeatedly not being able to clear his Std XI exams from the local Kendriya Vidyalaya school, went missing from his residence. He roamed cities like a dazed homeless man before landing near Panvel railway station. The NGO, Social and Evangelical Association for Love (SEAL), was on July 30 alerted by a citizen about a young, homeless man who seemed mentally unstable.Founder of SEAL Ashram in New Panvel, Pastor K M Philip, said, \"Our volunteers rushed to Khanda Colony and found Rahul under a bridge. He looked weak and hungry,\" said Pastor Philip.After being given a proper bath and food at SEAL Ashram, Rahul slowly recalled his Jharkhand address. The railway officials were then intimated, and they soon informed his father.Rahul's father Dinesh Singh, who is a junior engineer (electrical) in Indian Railways at Jharkhand, told TOI, \"It is all thanks to SEAL volunteers that I have found my lost son. Rahul was depressed because he did not do well in studies, and somehow went missing last August. We are lucky to find him here in Panvel.\"\"Rahul is lucky that he survived a year travelling on trains, sleeping on roads and eating whatever he found. So many homeless people die because there is no one to even inform the government or NGOs about them,\" said SEAL activist Pastor Biju Samuel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15346567", "title": "What steps should be taken to curb the rising number of suicide cases?", "text": "Suicide is committed when a person suffers from depression and is gripped by a feeling of hopelessness and helplessness. This feeling can be removed by getting the individual involved in group activity and helping the person build a positive attitude. Besides this, the individual should not be given false promises or pressurized with more unrealistic burdens.Supriya Arolkar Psychologist, MapusaI believe that suicide cases are increasing because of media coverage which describes the incident giving even the smallest detail. It is like giving a recipe on how to commit suicide. Due to which a copy cat suicide syndrome takes place wherein one can choose the most preferred method. Students, parents and educators should be properly educated about how to handle oneself while facing a problem. Such sessi ons should be conducted by professionals in schools for children from standard 8{+t}{+h} to 10{+t}{+h} as these years are very crucial.Grebian Alemao Counselling Pyschologist, FatordaI feel that people turn to suicide because they cannot find that source of comfort that they need after going through some kind of ordeal or that satisfaction that they seek in whatever they are doing. They need someone to share what they are going through and provide some sort of guidance or advice or some other kind of help. A close friend would usually fill that role but what about those who can't communicate with anyone because they feel embarrassed or if they are beyond the help of their peers for some reason? Perhaps the services of counsellors could be made available to the public for free.Peter D'souza Student, AnjunaStrengthening postgraduate training in psychiatry will go a long way in early detection and treatment of psychological disorders which are merely thought of as stress. It will also reduce the stigma of mental illness in society and promote early seeking of assistance. Besides this, commencing a new department of community psychiatry along with a department of psychotherapy, and drug and alcohol services with their network reaching into the general health services will make it possible for a large number of mental disorders to be identified and treated.Ashutosh Prabhudesa Doctor, Taleigao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15346997", "title": "UP Housing and Development Board okays funds to develop metro link project", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP Housing and Development Board (UPHDB), on Friday, gave its nod to allocation of Rs 295 crore for development of a metro link project between Dilshad garden and bus station in Ghaziabad. The development of the corridor is being taken up under phase-2 of the metro rail project.The project was taken up even during Mayawati regime, but could not sustain it because of the funds crunch. The link project is proposed to be carried with the help of Centre-state partnership. In all, the link project is proposed to come up at an estimated cost of over Rs 1,500 crore.The meeting presided by housing commissioner PV Jagmohan also decided to name a residential colony in Saharanpur as 'Shakambari colony'. The board at the same time gave a green signal to incorporate the provisions for setting up nursing homes in the residential areas. The provisions imposing some restrictions on operations of nursing homes in the residential areas had come into play through a government order on November 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15347494", "title": "\u2018Please ignite Sadbhavana in my wife\u2019", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Revenue minister Anandiben Patel's husband Mafatlal Patel flew to US recently, after writing two letters to chief minister Narendra Modi seeking his intervention in a long-standing domestic feud. Mafatbhai (75), as he is known in academic and political circles, wanted the CM's help to get money from his wife to visit the US.It is not even known if Modi received the letters, though receipts confirm these were faxed to his office and residence numbers. It is confirmed though that he never responded. Apparently, Patel was later financed by some friends to make the trip.Presently in Chicago , he told TOI over phone, \"I have undergone some check-ups for cancer and look forward to promoting my publications.\" Patel's anguish tallies with the theme of the recent Gujarati hit film 'Kevi Rite Jaish' , which reflects the lengths to which a Gujarati will go to be in the US.On May 29, Patel, a retired college principal, wrote a hand-written letter in Gujarati to Modi. He wrote: \"I pay obeisance to your 'shakti' (power). Plan to go to America June onwards. Have written letters to Anandiben requesting her to help me with the travel expense. Now, I am tired of it. Don't think will live much longer. Kindly arrange for my travel expense and an additional 1000 dollars by convincing her. Can you do that for me? Can you explain my pain to her? Please ignite Sadbhavana in her.\"Patel, who separated with Anandiben Patel over 10 years ago, though not legally, even campaigned against his wife in Patan constituency in the 2007 assembly elections. He wrote further in his letter to Modi: \"If I don't get financial help or if I am not taken care of, I think my tension, pain and pills will bring my end. I don't need any help from you but request you to persuade her.\" On June 9, he again wrote to the CM saying : \"Perhaps you did not receive my earlier fax. Hence, sending you another one. I have sent three fax messages to Anandiben. I have requested (her) for my travel expense to America and an additional sum of 1000 dollars, but haven't got any reply. She is not taking calls, not saying 'yes' or 'no'. What do I do? Pension is not enough. Can you tell Anandiben ? I need your help in this matter. I can make further arrangements if I get an answer in two-three days. Regret the inconvenience I am causing to you.\"Mafatbhai was felicitated two months back when he turned 75, in a gathering of litterateurs. Apparently, he wanted to be in the US for cancer treatment and to promote his recent book 'Pardes ma pangarti Gujarati pratibhao' , which focuses on achievements by Gujarati expats, and a bi-monthly academic journal 'Achala' that he brings out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350668", "title": "Strawberry extract protects skin from UVA rays", "text": "Strawberry extract added to skin cell cultures acts as a protector against ultraviolet radiation as well as increasing its viability and reducing damage to DNA, a new study has shown.Developed by a team of Italian and Spanish researchers, the study opens the door to the creation of photoprotective cream made from strawberries.\"We have verified the protecting effect of strawberry extract against damage to skins cells caused by UVA rays,\" Maurizio Battino, researcher at the Universita Politecnica delle Marche in Italy and lead author of the jointly Spanish and Italian study, told SINC.The team prepared human skin cell cultures (fibroblasts) and added strawberry extract in different concentrations (0.05, 0.25 and 0.5 mg/ml), the only exception being the control extract. Using ultraviolet light, the samples were then exposed to a dose \"equivalent to 90 minutes of midday summer sun in the French Riviera.\"Data confirm that the strawberry extract, especially at a concentration of 0.5 mg/ml, displays photoprotective properties in those fibroblasts exposed to UVA radiation, it increases cell survival and viability and decreases damage in the DNA when compared with control cells.\"These aspects are of great importance as they provide protection for cell lines subject to conditions that can provoke cancer and other skin-related inflammatory and degenerative illnesses,\" Battino said.The researcher recognises that this is the \"first step in determining the beneficial effects of strawberries in our diet or as a possible compound source for 'food integrators' or cosmetics for instance.\"But what molecules give strawberries their photoprotective properties? Scientists suspect that it could be the anthocyanins, which are pigments that give leaves, flowers and fruits their red colour. Analyses have confirmed that extracts are rich in such substances.\"These compounds have important anti-inflammatory, antioxidant and anti-tumour properties and are capable of modulating enzymatic processes,\" Sara Tulipani from the University of Barcelona, another author of the study, said.She adds that \"we have not yet found a direct relationship between their presence and photoprotective properties.\"The study has been published in the Journal of Agricultural Food Chemistry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15346964", "title": "13 cops suspended for assaulting candidate", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has ordered registration of FIR against 13 police personnel including two officers and their immediate suspension in connection with assaulting a Samajwadi Party-backed candidate during the counting of votes in the local bodies' elections on July 24.Inspector general of police (Law and Order) Badri Prasad Singh on Friday said that the orders were issued after 13 cops were found prima-facie guilty of assaulting Lokmanikant Jadaun of SP, a candidate in the local bodies' election. Allegations are that while the counting of votes was underway, he detected some blatant flouting of norms and demanded a recounting. Subsequently he was taken to the office of the sub-divisional magistrate and near the counting centre, which was within the district collectorate compound, where he was severely assaulted and warned not to open his mouth. Subsequently he was also booked for his allegedly involvement in arson and disrupting traffic and sent to jail. Lokmani lodged a complaint in connection with the incident after he was released on bail, a few days later.Those suspended include station officers of Shergarh and Chhata police stations, four sub-inspectors and seven police constables posted at the two police stations at the time of the incident. Police sources said that the criminal case lodged against Lokmani is also expected to be withdrawn, as the inquiry into the incident has confirmed that he was implicated in a false case of assault and arson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345464", "title": "RBI union leader arrested, some workers to strike on Monday", "text": "MUMBAI: The MRA Marg police on Friday arrested the Bharatiya Kamgar Sena (BKS) chief Suryakant Mahadik and 25 members, allegedly for staging a protest at the Reserve Bank of India headquarters 's main premises on Mint Road on Friday.They were arrested and later released on bail surety and personal bond.As a mark of protest, a section of the RBI employees will go on strike on Monday, the a statement from All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) said in a statement. \"Mahadik and others staged the protest illegally without permission. They were arrested under IPC section for unlawful assembly and released on bail,\" said Padmakar Juikar, senior inspector of MRA Marg police station. Mahadik claimed they were protesting for benefits of employees.The statement from AIBEA said that the All India Reserve Bank Workers' Federation (AIRBWF) undertook an all-India programme of agitation to push for various issues and demands like recruitments, promotions and against outsourcing. As a part of the programme, a memorandum was to be given to the RBI management at the bank's central office. On Friday when the leaders were going to submit the memorandum, at the instance of the management, police was called and the leaders were arrested.\"To protest against the brutal attack on legitimate trade union rights and uncalled for provocation, the All India Reserve Bank Workers' Federation has given a strike call all over the country on August 6,\" the statement from AIBEA said.On Monday, some employees will also stage demonstrations at all the RBI offices throughout India, the release further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15346248", "title": "Speeding bus kills 2 in Tripunithura", "text": "KOCHI: In yet another accident involving a private bus, two people were mowed down on Friday morning after a speeding bus rammed into three shops at Karimugal Junction near Tripunithura.Marimuthu (43), son of Nathan of Mekkarakudi in Tamil Nadu, and Kunjumon alias Abuttan (48), staying in FACT Colony, were sipping tea at 6.30am in front of Rahmania Hotel when the bus 'Alankar', on its way to Tripunithura, smashed into the hotel and killed them instantly. The bodies of the deceased were trapped in between the bus and shutters of shops.Three others -- Cherukuzhiyil Thankappan, Mani and Rajappan -- were seriously injured and later admitted to Medical Trust hospital. Others including Aliar, Pailee, Aji, Subair and Hassan were taken to Vijayakumara Menon Hospital in Tripunithura. Over a dozen people were present at the junction at the time of the incident. All three shops, including a gift shop and a fruit stall, were destroyed in the impact. A fire force team headed by ASO Manoharan and firemen Sudheerlal and Suresh rushed to the spot and helped the locals in rescue work.The bus, which plies between Irumbanam and Kakkanad, had come down the slope from Kizhakkambalam side and taken the curve near the junction at high speed and lost control, according to locals.The deceased Marimuthu from Tamil Nadu was a worker at the nearby Breeze Hotel. Kunjumon, a local, was a regular at the hotel. He is survived by wife Leela and daughters Sindhu and Sandhya. Though the police identified the driver of the bus, he has not been arrested yet. According to the police, the bus may have been driven by someone else without the necessary skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15347370", "title": "Civic vans fail to drive away Nashik's mounting garbage woes", "text": "NASHIK: If garbage piles and the long wait for ghantagadis by the piling up of garbage in several parts of the city and citizens waiting for the Ghantagadi to collect domestic waste are any indication, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) appears to have failed in fulfilling one of its primary duties of garbage disposal.Since the onset of the rainy season, citizens had began complaining over the irregularities of garbage vans visiting their locality. The NMC's health department however, claims that the vans visit all wards regularly.The irregularities in the garbage van service has been a chronic complaint, which have only increased during the monsoon. and with the onset of the rainy season these complaints seem to have increased.The health department has always been insisting that the garbage vans do visit all the wards but also say that the city needs more such vans to address the city's garbage needs.\"We have already given a proposal mentioning the need for 50 additional garbage vans and are waiting for its approval,\" said health officer Dr S G Hiray.The grievance redressal cell for garbage vans shows a rise in the number of complaints during the monsoon. The West division which is the most developed of all divisions, recorded the maximum number of complaints.\"The citizens in this division are more aware and educated, that is why the number of complaints in this area is more. In Satpur, it is the working class who leave home in the morning and come back in the evenings.Also, many complaints are solved at the divisional level. where these are not registered People also get their grievances are also sorted by local corporators. which is why complaints from other divisions are not registered in the grievance redressal cell,\" said Dr Hiray.Garbage vans grievance redressal cellMonth No of complaints in the six divisionsApril East West Panchavati Nashik Road CIDCO Satpur Total", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345364", "title": "We need a break: Tasmac staff to court", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tasmac employees are made to work for 12 hours a day, seven days a week, and no service rules have been framed to regulate the working condition, a writ petition has said in the Madras high court. Slogging from 10am to 10pm, these workers do not even get an hour of lunch break daily, the petition added.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, before whom the petition filed has ordered notices to the state government. Petitioner's counsel K Balu submitted that barring the eight 'dry days' during a calendar year, the 25,000-strong Tasmac staff do not get any regular holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15347001", "title": "UP to buy electricity to reduce grid overloading", "text": "LUCKNOW: Facing charges of being the main culprit of overdrawal from the national grid that led to its collapse for two consecutive days earlier this week, the UP government, on Friday, decided to go in for bilateral agreements and buying power from energy exchange. The decision draws a similarity with the practice adopted by Mayawati government. However, the former state government went on to depend heavily on purchase of power from the private companies, while allegedly surrendering cheaper power.On Friday, the state government decided to get on with the format of energy buying from energy surplus states as well as the energy exchange, instead of depending only on the national grid. The decision was taken at a review meeting chaired by principal secretary (energy) Anil Kumar Gupta.Interestingly, it was only two days ago that the state government has been insisting that it was drawing power well within its limits. In fact, the UPPCL, in a statement had said that the state was overdrawing only 40 mw when the grid collapsed for the second time.UP has been facing over 400 notices from the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) for overdrawal from the national grid between in the last two months. However, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had been insisting that the state government was not resorting to overdrawal and that it should not be blamed for the crisis that virtually brought the life to a standstill for two consecutive days.The state government has also decided to constitute a three-member committee to probe blacklisting of companies engaged in supply of faulty transformers. Managing director, UPPCL, AP Mishra said that the committee will have members from outside the UPPCL. \"The committee will submit its report within 10 days after which a decision will be taken on the fate of these companies,\" he said. The committee will comprise an engineer of prominence, a member from UP electricity regulatory commission and rural electrification corporation (REC), sources said.UPPCL sources said that the committee will find the facts and take representations from the blacklisted companies. As many as six companies were blacklisted by the UPPCL in June after UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav asked the UPPCL officials to take a hard stance against the companies which have been providing faulty transformers.The decision was taken after repeated power outages, essentially arising out of tripping of power equipment including transformers, threw life completely out of gear. More than 400 transformers got damaged in Lucknow in a span of just two months, raising a question over the quality of transformers. In fact, the UPERC too had summoned the UPPCL seeking details of the damaged transformers.Speculations have been rife of some transformer companies lobbying with a high profile leader in the ruling Samajwadi Party government to get off the hook of the UPPCL. It, however, remains to be seen as to how the three member-committee looks into the alleged anomalies in supply and procurement of transformers.Gupta, meanwhile, directed the officials to finalise the tenders for the projects to be executed under the accelerated power development reform programme (APDRP). He also asked the officials to see that revenue levels are raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350400", "title": "Budget tablets gaining popularity in India", "text": "The Tablet PC market in India is dominated by the likes of global IT giants Apple and Samsung. However, homegrown tablet makers from Noida are creating waves with their affordable products grabbing their share in the pie bit by bit.Prominent tablet makers based out of Noida include Zync Global, Pantel Technologies, HCL Infosystems , Datawind and Spice. All of them have successfully launched their affordable versions of low-cost Tablets in the range of Rs 3,000 to 12,000 at the cost of a mobile phone.\"With heavyweights like Samsung , Apple in the industry, there still is 80 per cent of the market left untapped,\" says Ashish Garg, director, Zync Global. \"We moved in to get a share of the market by delivering products to people and firms who are looking for an advanced technology at an affordable range.\"Noida playersZync Global, the tablet maker from Noida, entered the market in 2011 and sold 100,000 units within its first year itself and is targeting Rs 300 crore turnover this year. \"For us, growth rate in terms of sales has been over 100 per cent every quarter and so, from first year itself we have started earning profits and putting it back to develop our services and business,\" says Garg of Zync.A similar strategy is being employed by Suneet Singh Tulli, CEO of Datawind that manufactures Aakash and Ubislate tablets. \"Our basic objective was to reposition tablets as anyone's first computer instead of a sophisticated alternate to smartphones and laptops.\"HCL Infosystems, India's premier IT firm, also entered the low-cost tablet market with ME series and MyEdu Tab catering to retail customers, corporate, SMEs and the education sector.\"We have been a long-standing local player and have studied Indian consumer behaviour closely. Tablets that will gain ground in the market are the ones that provide relevance - like localised applications or an extensive service support - and are an absolute value for money,\" emphasised Gautam Advani, EVP &amp; Head-Mobility, HCL Infosystems.Tablet mazeZync Global was the company to bring 4.0 ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich or Android 4.0 developed by Google) in India with its Z-990 series models. \"We bought the lowest priced calling/GPRS/Bluetooth tablet Z-999 Plus to India. The company will invest Rs 150 crore this year on research and development, inventory and supply chain management,\" says Garg.Amritsar-based Datawind, with its major production unit in Noida, had first launched Aakash tablets in a tie-up with the government of India in October 2011. Following its success, this year it came out with its first commercial tablet, the Ubislate series. It runs on android, equipped with Ubisurfer browser, delivering internet via GPRS.Tap for numbers\"The potential growth rate of affordable tablet market in India will be over 200 per cent for next few years,\" says Tulli. \"I am sure in the coming years there'll be a shift from high-end to affordable dominated market. Our order bookings for Ubislate series are already in six-figures.\"The latest entrant in the block is Pantel Technologies, which launched 'Penta' a few months back. The Penta T-Pad works as a personal entertainment device with some unique features like 'all-port' architecture. It can work as a full computing device.\"We have special products for the student community that comes pre-loaded with relevant course material for school level, competitions and professional courses. Our target consumer is everyone, who wishes value for his money, who wishes to connect on the move and who wishes to experience the world-class technology,\" Vijender Singh, managing director of Pantel Technologies.Markets everywhereAll these local players going for the affordable segment are primarily targeting students and individuals in the 16-24 age group and young working professionals and senior executive professionals in the 30-40 age group. Apart from retail customers, their revenues streams also include B2B (business to business) vertical.\"Although education sector is our primary revenue earner but our application in customer relationship and sales automation have helped us get large corporate and SME clients in BFSI, pharma and retail sectors,\" says Tulli of Datawind.For Zync Global, SMBs have been the main drivers in the B2B segment. Over 80 per cent of the business comes from SMBs-education, retail and hospitality but B2C (business to customer) to B2B is nearly 60:40.\"Large corporate clients are yet to warm up to the idea of budget tablets. A few of them have done business with us when a specific requirement of theirs could be fulfilled because of our special features like option to connect pen drives, keyboards and other certain peripheral,\" Garg of Zync Global further added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345002", "title": "Family of sculptors brings Ganesha to life", "text": "CHENNAI: A row of large statues of Ganesha, finely crafted and exuding an air of benevolence, fills one side of the tent that is home to 53-year-old Mularam and his family.The statues are meant for sale ahead of Ganesh Chaturthi on September 19, but the family got a head start because the work is intricate and time-consuming. As Mularam's wife Shanthi, 48, cooks lunch, their children, Suresh, 22, Sivani, 20, and 14-year-old twins Savitha and Mukesh provide finishing touches to the plaster of Paris statues. The head of the family is busy casting the mould.The family moved to Chennai from Jodhpur in 2008 and lives in a makeshift camp in Chemmenchery. Members of the family are working quickly as they have to finish at least 15 idols before the festival.\"One sculpture takes at least five days to complete and sells for anywhere between 10,000 and 15,000,\" says Suresh. \"All of us work together for 10 to 12 hours each day to ensure that our statues are the best,\" adds Savitha.The family pays 3,000 as rent for the accommodation and hires a spray painting machine during peak season to make as many statues as possible. \"Our total expenses are more than 10,000 per month so we are barely able to make ends meet,\" says Mularam. \"During the off-season we make small Krishna idols meant for interior decoration, priced from 100 to 2,000.\"Suresh says the family came to Chennai because there was no way to make a living in Jodhpur. \"The desert has neither water nor employment for the poor,\" he says. \"We are hardy people but few people there appreciated our craft. At least we can make a living in Chennai.\"Mularam says the craft of sculpting was passed down through generations of his family. \"It requires a lot of hard work and perseverance,\" he says. \"I used to work with clay earlier but plaster of Paris is more versatile. I can use the material to etch out even the slightest of details.\"The important thing is to get the texture of the mixture right, Mularam says. \"When the plaster starts to form small beads on top of water, I know that the balance is correct,\" he says.Mularam says many customers contact him before Ganesh Chaturthi. \"We hope to sell 15 idols this season. People don't mind paying a little extra for beautiful Ganesha statues,\" says Shanthi.None of the children go to school and the craft does not come under the purview of government support programmes. \"Who will pay for food if we leave our work and attend school?\" asks Mukesh. \"Neither my grandfather nor my father attended school. We are happy here and as long as customers appreciate our craft, we will continue making sculptures.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15347823", "title": "Rs 900-crore World Bank aid for better water &amp; sanitation", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand will be one of the few states in the country to be aided by the World Bank to help improve its drinking water and sanitation infrastructure. Of the total project cost of Rs 1,200 crore, the World Bank will fund Rs 900 crore.The project will be implemented in the next six years in a phased manner and cover all the 24 districts. The secretary of the drinking water and sanitation department, Sudhir Prasad, said a World Bank team is in Jharkhand on a two-day visit. \"Today we had a meeting with them and discussed how it could be implemented,\" said Prasad, adding that the second round of meeting is scheduled for Saturday.Prasad revealed that the project will ensure potable drinking water and sanitation facility even in remote areas. \"We are running behind many states, especially Maharashtra, where a similar project was launched in 1991. I am sure the project in Jharkhand will be able to redress the problem of non-availability of safe drinking water in the rural areas,\" he added.Other states where similar World Bank projects are running successfully are Punjab, Uttarakhand and Karnataka.Sources in the drinking water and sanitation department revealed that the eight-member team will also visit some rural areas.The team will also have a meeting with the development commissioner and other senior officers on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350232", "title": "Pooja Kumar moves from Ed Harris to Kamal Haasan", "text": "Her last co-star was Ed Harris , no less, in the psychological thriller Man On A ledge. Pooja Kumar who straddles two continents and cinema in Tamil,Telugu, Hollywood and also American television is not too pleased with the fact that her new film Vishwaroop has the hero performing the classical Indian dancing, and that too under the guidance of the redoubtable Pandit Birju Maharaj.Pooja who is a trained classical dancer apparently expressed a wish to do a spot of dancing. The request, we hear, was politely but firmly turned down. When quizzed about the the serious absence of some dancing in her role Pooja laughed, \"Well I would have liked to dance.I'm a trained Kathak, Bharat Natyam and Kuchipudi dancer. I inherited a penchant for dancing from my mother who was from Lucknow. She passed away. But she left this yearning in me to continue my training in dance.There would've been no greater pleasure for me than to show my dancing skills in Vishwaroop . But it's Kamal Sir who got to dance in Vishwaroop .\"Pooja who is a US-based model and actress says, \"Kamal Sir is an institution. There's so much I've learnt by simply observing him. To get to work with him was a dream come true.\"Pooja has been constantly flying back and forth between the two continents Asia and America to promote Vishwaroop . \"I'm living out of suitcases these days. I've no life beyond my work.And I like it that way. How many people get to live out their dreams? I love the movies and today I am part of it.\"Pooja says she gets offered roles in the US that are not culture-specific . \"I guess more parts are being written in the West for non-Caucasian actresses. For an episode of popular American series Chuck Versus The Balcony I played a 'Hinjew' a mixture of a Hindu and a Jew. So the permutations being thrown up in the movies abroad are quite challenging for an actor. I like it.\" What was it like moving from one renowned actor Ed Harris to another Kamal Haasan? \"That's what I enjoy the most about my global career. I get to share sceeen space with someone of Ed Harris' caliber and then I am working with some as extraordinary as Kamal Haasan. And mind you, it's not a small irrelevant role in Vishwaroop . I am part of the main drama.\"Pooja speaks fluent Hindi .So she has dubbed all her lines in Vishwaroop , though not for the Tamil version of the film.Recalling the ordeal with a shudder she says, \"I can't speak Tamil.I had to mug up all my lines in Tamil and then also memorize everyone else's lines too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15347827", "title": "Police on toes as tension grips Ranchi locality after group clash", "text": "RANCHI: A clash between two rival groups was averted in Pandra locality here on Friday owing to the timely action by the security forces. Armed tribals created ruckus on the streets and forcibly closed shops demanding arrest of youths who pelted stones at a temple on Thursday.Shiva Kachhap of Ranchi Mahanagar Sarna Prarthana Mahasabha, a socio-religious body of the tribals, said stone pelting was an attack on the religious sentiments of tribals. \"I demand immediate arrest of all those responsible,\" said Kachhap. Both the groups have lodged FIRs against each other with Sukhdeo Nagar police station.Dozens of tribal boys were injured when a rival mob attacked them on Thursday. Four of them received serious injuries and were rushed to the local hospital for treatment. Of the injured, Ayush Raj and Sanjay Kumar are still critical.Deputy commissioner Vinay Kumar Choubey said the situation was under control. \"Adequate security personnel have been deployed in the area,\" said Choubey.\"The scuffle started after an auto driver refused to ferry the tribal youths as he was getting late for Iftaar. They also indulged in a fisticuff with him over this issue.\"On the other hand, the tribals said the other group roughed up whoever came their way and more than 20 persons were injured in the clash ,\" said a local seeking anonymity.SDO Shekhar Jamuar said that over 50 security forces have been deployed in the area. \"The mobility of security forces has also been intensified. More patrolling parties have been deployed in the area to ensure that no untoward incident is reported,\" said Jamuar.The SDO said, \"A peace meeting would be arranged on Saturday once the situation normalizes,\" He also claimed that roads were blocked for just two hours and not all shops were closed down.Naveen Jaiswal, the local MLA who also visited the site, said the issue should be resolved among the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15346096", "title": "Maruti mulls fresh steps to beef up security", "text": "GURGAON: The Maruti Suzuki management is considering fresh steps to beef up security in the Manesar plant. This would be over and above the over 600-strong police battalion stationed there after the July 18 violence.\"The company is exploring the best safety measures in terms of equipment, personnel and on-ground training for its employees. After the arrest of 10 union members, the company hopes to have all the other culprits at large to be arrested soon,\" said a Maruti official.The company continues to be concerned about the safety and security of its employees, and hence is not in a position to take a decision on resuming operations at the Manesar plant. The company will announce its decision to this effect only when it is assured of employee safety, the official said.The labour violence which rocked the Manesar facility on July 18 left nearly 100 injured and one dead. The general manager of human resources, Awanish Kumar Dev, was beaten and charred to death in the violence. The nearly 100 managers and supervisors sustained serious injuries and several of them had to be hospitalized. The attackers also set fire to the office wing and the main gate.Thereafter, the company declared a lockout at its Manesar facility on July 21 citing that the safety and health of employees were of paramount concern.Meanwhile, top police officers want to file the chargesheet in the case as early as possible and the hearing with going on a fast-track court, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15346418", "title": "Four held in anti-gambling raid in Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: Four men were arrested by Panaji police in an anti-gambling raid on Friday near Vidhyut Bhavan, Panaji.The accused Balkrishna Bandekar, Krian Mishra, Hanumant Wadar and Suryakant Gaonkar were arrested while allegedly accepting matka bets in an open rickshaw near Vidhyut Bhavan. The rickshaw was seized along with cash amounting to 11,765 and some other matka articles. A matka gambling case was registered at Panaji police station under the Gambling Act.In another case, four minor boys were arrested by Panaji police in a theft case. The boys have confessed to their crime and the stolen goods have been partly recovered. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15347195", "title": "We'll not allow any illegal Muslim from Bangladesh in tribal belt: NDFB-Progressive", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The National Democratic Front of Boroland (NDFB-Progressive), led by Gobinda Basumatary, on Friday came down heavily on the state government for its failure to protect the indigenous people of Assam and warned that they will not allow any Muslim immigrants from Bangladesh to live in tribal belt and blocks.He cautioned that the violence between the indigenous people and Muslim immigrants would be repeated if illegal immigrants are not pushed back after updating the NRC.Basumatary, who is the general secretary of NDFB (P), told newsmen here that 60 per cent of over 1 crore 88 lakh bighas of land in tribal belts and blocks have been illegally occupied by non-tribals, mostly by Bangladeshi nationals. He said the violence will not end unless the government checks illegal Bangladeshi immigrants by updating NRC, taking 1951 as base year, and deport them.\"The government must update the NRC taking 1951 as base year before resettling them because illegal immigrants have no right to live in tribal belts and blocks,\" said Basumatary. He added that the government is protecting Muslim immigrants for their vote bank politics, but the indigenous people of the state are being not given security.Basumatary said national parks like Kaziranga, Orang, Manas and Nameri Wildlife Sanctuary are being occupied by suspected Bangladeshis and the illegal immigrants are now trying to grab land in Bodo-dominated areas fater getting the patronage of politicians.He said according to the 2001 census, the population of Muslims in Kokrajhar district is 1.5 lakh. But despite this fact, AIUDF President Badruddin Ajmal has been saying over 4 lakhs Muslims are in relief camps in Dhubri. \"From where 2.5 lakh Muslims have come and who are they?\" he questioned and said most Muslims are in their villages but Bodo indigenous people are in the relief camps due to lack of proper security.The NDFB leader said the state government must carry out NRC update work across the state. \"If the NRC is updated, at least 70 per cent illegal Bangladeshis would be detected. The Congress government is not in a mood to update it,\" he added.Basumatary said over 95 per cent Muslims living in Amteka and Khwila Mwila areas of Indo- Bhutan border in Chirang district have no documents of being Indian citizens despite tall claims. He also questioned as to why the Centre and Assam government are concerned only when there is conflict with Muslims, but why they are not serious when the clashes take place between Bodos &amp; Adivasis and Dimasa &amp; Karbis.The NDFB leader alleged that violence in Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri are instigated by the government using illegal immigrants to weaken Bodo people. He alleged that Muslim camps have better security arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15344983", "title": "Major reforms bills unlikely this session", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with sullen allies and demanding supporting parties, the government is not likely to push ahead with legislatives measures like Lokpal, insurance and pension reform without first ensuring that the initiatives enjoy solid political consensus in Parliament.Despite the apparent climbdown by Team Anna, government will wait for a Rajya Sabha select committee currently studying the Lokpal bill to give its report. \"The report is expected towards the end of the monsoon session. There may not be time to pass a law,\" sources said.The government does not rule out bringing the Lokpal bill to Parliament if the select committee concludes its business earlier than anticipated, but it is quite clear that the recommendations will play an important role in the final shape of the law.With Team Anna's insistent veto out of the way, at least for now, the government has an opportunity to forge an agreement among the political class that can then address an area of vulnerability for UPA-2 that has been reeling under the weight of corruption scams.On reform initiatives too, the mood is cautious as the proposals need to negotiate political roadblocks and are also being finetuned by the government. Congress's major ally Trinamool is not ready to back pension reform and insurance is also hanging fire.The step by step approach reflects the new finance minister P Chidambaram's view that big bang measures could prove counter-productive if not backed by political support. In the meanwhile, it would be better to take incremental steps like trimming non-plan expenditure to correct the fiscal position.In keeping with this thinking, the government plans to rework its proposal for foreign direct investment in retail by making the option of states having the right not to adopt the opening up of the sector if they so wish. This would be stated in as many words.A rethink in FDI was brought about by the Centre paying attention to chief ministers like Bihar's Nitish Kumar who are opposed to the move. As Kumar is not seen as an obstructionist like Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee, the government would like to allay reservations of influential CMs like him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "alappuza", "code": "15346339", "title": "57-year-old remanded in judicial custody for rape", "text": "ALAPPUZA: A 57-year-old man, who allegedly raped a 31-year-old mentally retarded woman, was remanded in judicial custody by the judicial first class magistrate court-I here on Thursday.Mararikkulam circle inspector K Subash said police had arrested the accused, Devassy alias Thankachan, of Lakshmveedu colony in Kanjikkuzhy panchayat, from a relative's house in Ezhupunna following complaint by the victim's mother. \"The accused has been sent to Alappuzha sub-jail. According the complaint, the woman was raped several times by Thankachan, her neighbour, while nobody was at home. Her parents took the woman to a hospital as she had some health problems and medical examination showed she had been raped. The victim is 60% mentally retarded,\" said Subash.Thankachan had gone into hiding after the incident came to the light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15346605", "title": "Government proposes extension of fishing ban", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar proposed extending the fishing ban period from 45 days to 60 days and even up to 75 days, with the objective of allowing fish to breed undisturbed and increasing the catch the following year.Replying to the discussion on demands for grants to fisheries department in the assembly, Parrikar, in the absence of fisheries minister Avertano Furtado, said the government would take all fishermen, including traditional fishermen, into confidence on extending the ban period for mechanized fishing. The current ban period is from June 15 to July 31.Parrikar said the ban could be \"between 70-75 days but minimum of 60 days\" from next year. \"The breeding season has to be protected,\" he said. Fish production has come down in the last few years from over a lakh metric tonnes to around 90,000 MT, he said.Parrikar also said the government would provide compensation to traditional fishermen during the ban period.Earlier, MLAs had said that fish, which is the staple of Goa, had become unaffordable to the common man.The chief minister said the government would ensure that no fishing boats come from other states to fish in Goan waters. \"We'll take the help of the coast guard,\" he added.Parrikar also said that West Bengal fisheries corporation, which was engaged as a consultant, has studied the Goa scene and assured that major jetties would be expanded. He said Malim jetty would be revitalized and a modern fish market would be constructed at Britona.He also stated that a scheme to provide kerosene at 25 per litre as against 60, and a calamity fund to help fishermen, would be launched this month.The government also mooted the concept of setting up cooperative societies to provide products at reasonable rates. \"We are trying to form cooperatives so that we can provide 3-4 varieties of fish, chicken, eggs and vegetables through cold storage facilities,\" he said stressing that it would be done within a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349090", "title": "Anaji to produce trilingual film", "text": "Producer Anaji Nagaraj is making a trilingual film in Kannada, Telugu and Hindi, with the assistance of producer Prathap. The Kannada version of the film will have Sreengara Kitty as the hero of the film, while Hindi film actor Shreyas Talpade will be working in all the three languages of the film. The film will be produced under the banner of 'Namana Films' of Anaji Nagaraj. And it will be directed by Vijay Kiran and Navneet Kaushik.Shreyas Talpade has already worked in many Hindi films after graduating from the Tele serials as a popular actor. \"The film is a romantic thriller and I dont want to reveal anything about the story of the film. I can only say my new friend Sreenagara Kitty will be playing the role of a software engineer, while I also play the role of an engineer. I think it is the script which appealed me the most. I signed it right after hearing the plot\" says Shreyas Talpade.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15346305", "title": "Govt to regulate cable TV, 'pegs'", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday assured the Goa legislative assembly that his government would bring in regulation over the existing TV cable operations in the state.Addressing another issue during zero hour, Parrikar also said that the government would stop the packaging of alcohol in small plastic sachets as these are being peddled to students at various places.Parrikar acknowledged the problem of some TV cable operators blacking out some broadcasts because they have political affiliations and do want citizens from viewing debates that are detrimental to their political parties. Parrikar said that if cable operators wanted government facilities, they would have to compulsorily broadcast the proceedings of the Goa legislative assembly.The Sanvordem BJP MLA Ganesh Gaonkar raised the issue of alcohol being packed in small plastic sachets and then being sold to students in public places at a low price of 5.The chief minister said he will stop the packaging of liquor in sachets at the manufacturing stage itself. He said that this is also an environmental problem which he will investigate and stop altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "15347281", "title": "\u2018I am proud of my daughter\u2019", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Khalsa College for Women (KCW) student Bhavya Malhotra brought laurels to the college by topping the university in the BSc-I (biotechnology) exams of Punjab University. The results, declared on Thursday, had two other KCW students among the top 10 ranks. \"I have been receiving congratulatory calls from friends and relatives all the day. I will work harder to keep up to my teachers' and parents' expectations,\" said Bhavya, who resides in Haibowal. Her businessman father Rajesh Malhotra said they never pressurized their daughter with expectations and let her decide how to go about her studies. \"I feel proud that my daughter has topped PU. It is the best gift my little girl could have given me,\" he added. Her mother Nirdosh Malhotra said Bhavya had been working hard throughout the year to achieve this feat. \"She is a responsible and sincere girl who makes her choices wisely. She had herself made her mind to study biotechnology,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15347253", "title": "Granite mining mafia stages cover-up", "text": "MADURAI: The mining mafia has attempted to destroy evidences of the indiscriminate and illegal quarrying of granite, reported a team of officials assigned with the task of assessing the extent of illegal quarrying in Madurai.On the second day of inspection of the quarries in the district, an official team found that a massive pit from where granite was quarried allegedly in an illegal manner was covered with mud and debris in Melur taluk.\"Granite was quarried for a depth of more than 100 feet at that spot. But 80% of it was filled with mud and debris. If required, we would excavate the mud,\" said collector Anshul Mishra, who inspected the place. The effort by the quarry owners to prevent officials from assessing the exact quantum of granite quarried from the place did not deter the officials as they pointed out that even without excavating the dumped mud and debris they could assess the extent of over excavation. The officials said that they have in their possession photographs taken during the previous inspection.Besides the shocking attempt to hide evidence of illegal quarrying, the officials also found the place to be a kulathu (tank) poramboke land. Apparently, the dumping of mud and debris to level the quarry was carried out four days ago, when the officials geared up to inspect the quarries.A battery of officials of the district administration split into 18 teams, have been fanned across the district to inspect the 175 quarries. The fact that the markings and boundaries to denote the permissible area for quarrying, were missing in almost all quarries suggested the unscrupulous manner in which granite was plundered. Officials felt that it was a clear indication that granite was mined beyond the permissible area.\"Each team was able to check one quarry a day. The problem is that the marks are missing. Since there are violations and encroachments, boundaries originally permitted are missing,\" said a senior official. The officials found it little difficult to assess the extent of granite quarried due to absence of markings and boundaries and had to look for other reference points. The officials have so far managed to inspect about 40 quarries on Thursday and Friday. However, they did not face any opposition from the workers or owners of mines in any place.As the inspection progressed, devious ways of the miners came to light as at least two water bodies were completely encroached upon. Massive sheds were built encroaching upon vast water tanks in the two places to act as godown for quarried granite and to house machineries to repair faulty mining equipment. Mishra ordered the two sheds at Keelavavalu and Idayarpatti to be removed immediately. The officials were almost besieged by the villagers who poured out their woes caused by rampant mining. One of the sheds was put up by the quarry owner more than two decades back, the villagers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345450", "title": "Kirori Mal College feud: Students \u2018threatened\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Protests at Kirori Mal College are continuing, and on Friday three students heading the protest against the suspension of principal Bhim Sen Singh alleged they were \"threatened\" by the acting principal with expulsion. They had been going to classes to rally in support of students, had placed banners in college premises and started a fast.\"We had started at 9am and many students had left their classes to join us,\" said Prabhanshu, cultural secretary in the students' union. \"Three of us \u2014 the union's vice president Deepak Sethia, and Pradeep Malik, a third year student \u2014 were called in around 11.30am. We were told that our photos had been sent to the vice-chancellor and the registrar's office and that our admissions would be cancelled,\" he said, adding, the protest will continue and students will fast.As for the teachers, they will first present their case to Delhi University Teachers' Association ( DUTA) and from Monday, sit on dharna from 12 to 2pm. \"There will be no disruption of classes as only those teachers who don't have classes during that time will sit,\" clarified Dr Sudipta Ghosh, president, staff association.On Wednesday night, Ghosh and the staff association secretary, Rudrashish Chakraborty, were handed show-cause notices by the registrar.A senior teacher, asking not to be named, said students were told they would be reported if they did anything illegal. \"Whatever grievance you have, you have to put in writing. Nothing has been given in writing. If they want to do anything, they have to stay within the rules. Stickers and banners are not allowed,\" he said.\"Considering the protesters are youngsters, college authorities took a soft stand and the students understood.\" The teacher added: \"Today, everything went smoothly. This is a transition period for the college and things will take time to settle down\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15346918", "title": "Forum orders Kanpur Development Authority to pay Rs 6.07 lakh to complainant", "text": "KANPUR: The consumer protection forum ordered Kanpur Development Authority (KDA) on Friday to pay Rs 6.07 lakh with interest at the rate of 18 per cent to the complainant from the date of registry of plot till the payment date.The forum also ordered KDA V-C to pay Rs 17,000 as damages for mental agony.Complainant Deepak Singh, a resident of LIG Colony in Barra stated in his petition that in response to an advertisement, he had applied for a MIG plot in a KDA scheme. His name was entered in the lottery, when he had deposited the required sum on June 12,1998 . Lottery had taken place on September 17,1998 at KDA office.Singh name appeared in the list of allottees and he was asked to deposit one-fourth of cost of plot. He claimed that he had deposited the required amount and KDA informed him that plot having an area of 180 sq metre had been allotted to him and rate of land was Rs 725 per sq metre. He had to deposit the rest amount in instalments. Each instalment would be of Rs 12,500.Singh stated that he had deposited the full amount of the plot but on August 21, 2007 KDA informed him that the said plot was big one and its area was 277 sq metres, therefore, he had to pay the remaining cost at the prevailing rate of land. For registry of the land, had to deposit a sum of Rs 3,33,404.The complainant claimed that he had deposited the entire amount and KDA executed a registry in his favour on October 9, 2007. But, it failed to give possession of the plot despite repeated reminders.KDA told the forum that the plot was disputed, hence possession was not given to the complainant.The forum observed that since Singh had not demanded an alternative plot, the KDA had to return the entire money Rs of 6.07 lakh with interest at the rate of 18 per cent from the date of registry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350989", "title": "Beckinsale almost played triple-breasted woman", "text": "Kate Beckinsale has revealed she was originally going to play the three-breasted prostitute in the new 'Total Recall' film.The actress, who is famous for her action flicks, agreed to make a guest appearance as the woman because her husband Len Wiseman was directing the action remake.However she pulled out of the role, as she was worried about how she'd look with the extra asset.\"I was going to do a cameo as the three-breasted woman! I started fretting about where they'd put the third one. Have I actually got room for a third one in the middle , or would it go to the side,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling The Sun.\"Would it then be under an armpit and actually not sexy,\" she said.The role of triple breasted prostitute was finally played by Kaitlyn Leeb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349569", "title": "Kolkata girl Ronjini Chakraborty goes Bollywood", "text": "Kolkata girl Ronjini Chakraborty is going great guns. After doing bit roles in Tolly films like Buddhadeb Dasgupta's \"Trayodashi\", she has moved on to her first Bollywood venture, \" From Sydney With Love\", where she plays Bidita Bag's sister.The actor, who is based in Mumbai, is also part of Shyamal Karmakar's \" Choker Pani\" , which will be screened at a festival of Indian films in Berlin on August 17 and features in the Raima Sen-Roopa Ganguly starrer \" Abosheshey\" , directed by Aditi Roy. \"A four-year stint with a theatre group, Theatrecian, helped me hone my acting skills. Maybe because of that, my journey has been a cakewalk. I hope to do good work not only in Bollywood but across film industries,\" she said. Attagirl!Compiled by Stuti Agarwal &amp; Dibyajyoti Chaudhuri", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15346240", "title": "Cusat reduces fees for some courses by 20- 25%", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin University of Science and Technology has reduced fees of some of its regular engineering and MSc courses by 25% and regular MTech courses by 20%.The decision to bring down the fees was taken after the sub-committee comprising Cusat registrar and conveners of the syndicate standing committee to study the fee hike issue held discussions with students and principals. Students had termed the sudden fee hike unfair and opposed it.The Cusat syndicate had authorized the vice-chancellor to make changes in fee structure on the sub-committee's suggestions.Accordingly, the VC has announced that course fees for regular degree courses in Naval architecture and ship building, polymer science and rubber technology have been brought down to Rs 8,000 from Rs 10,000. The fees of B Tech instrumentation course has come down from Rs 12,000 to Rs 10,000. The MBA full time course fees will now be Rs 20,000 instead of Rs 25,000 and MCA course fees will be Rs 8,000 against the earlier Rs 10,000. The PG diploma course fees have been brought down from Rs 18,000 to Rs 3500. The university has also decided to do away with the special fees introduced for supplementary examinations from this year.Cusat has introduced scholarships for 5% of the economically backward students who joined the B Tech course this academic year in the self-finance colleges affiliated to the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15340220", "title": "Friendship Day: Small screen\u2019s BFFs", "text": "Remember the last time you tied a friendship band around your best friend's wrist? You went to the same school/college, shared secrets and laughed and cried over heartbreaks and first crushes. With Friendship Day around the corner, here's a look at some of the tube's best portrayals of this wonderful relation, as they are etched in our memories.Musical ties A fresh cast and a unique story, Remix was an instant hit with the youth as Tia, Ranveer, Aashi and Yuvi (played by Shweta Gulati, Karan Wahi, Priya Wal and Raj Singh Arora respectively) were friends forever who had their share of ego clashes, but also bonded over music. The cool foursome became teen icons overnight and made the show the hottest campus caper on telly.Doctors and friends ?Being a medical intern seemed a whole lot of fun in Dill Mill Gayye , that explored the loves, laughs and highs of the lives of six would-be doctors. Of course, it was another matter that the scorching equation between Karan Singh Grover and Shilpa Anand made millions of hearts melt, but DMG was primarily a fun take on friendship too!Cadet buddies Set in an armed force training academy, Left Right Left , revolved round a bunch of dedicated and devoted cadets (played by once newbie actors Priyanka Bassi, Harshad Chopra, Arjun Bijlani, Vikas Manaktala and Kunal Karan Kapoor) and their close bond with each other through tough times.Campus calling  The Buddy Project is set in a college which has its wild, beyond control students and professors who find it tough to tame them. Loosely based on the Shah Rukh Khan hit Chak De! India , Buddy Project is about eight friends from different family background and how they come together for one common goal.BFFs  Miley Jab Hum Tum created waves with the Indian audience during its two year run. Almost overnight Mayank (Arjun Bijlani), Nupur (Rati Pandey), Samrat (Mohit Sehgal), Gunjan (Sanaya Irani), Dia (Navina Bole), Uday (Jaspreet Singh Grover) and Benji (Abhishek Sharma) acquired a huge fan base and a number of fans on microblogging sites, thanks to their undying reel rapport that seemed almost real.Ring it in  Humse Hai Life might essentially revolve around the dreams and ambitions of Sia (played by Abigail Jain), but it also takes the audience through her equation with her group of friends who are part of her dreams, and captures the highs and lows of the roller-coaster ride that she lives through in her stint at the swank high school.Dance like friends The first dance-based fiction show on Indian television, Dil Dosti Dance , or D3 as its more popularly known as, is a hatke story about boys and girls with lightening in their feet and dreams of becoming the next big thing in dance. Kunwar Amarjeet Singh, Shantanu Maheshwari and have kept the audience dancing to their tunes for the last one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15345516", "title": "Arrests unfair, say Maruti workers", "text": "GURGAON: The arrested Maruti Manesar plant workers and their relatives on Friday filed four separate petitions in the city court alleging that Gurgaon police had arrested employees indiscriminately without verifying whether all of them were actually involved in the violence at the company's Manesar factory.Their counsel, Rajendra Pathak, submitted allegations of his clients and their relatives that there had been reports of inhuman treatment being meted out to the accused by Gurgaon police.Pathak filed three petitions before judicial magistrate Ambardeep while another was filed by the brother of an arrested accused. These cases are likely to come up for hearing on Saturday.The employees' counsel said that he has pleaded that the court seek the details of all the employees from Maruti who were on duty at the Manesar plant on July 18. He has submitted that the company should disclose how many of the men working on that day were contract employees and were on apprenticeship.Pathak has also submitted that police went a drive to apprehend whoever they could within 12 hours of the violence and arrested them without even verifying their role in this incident. Already some of their family members have written to the President, Prime Minister, chief minister and National Human Rights Commission highlighting inhuman treatment by cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15347133", "title": "Army finds soldier guilty of molesting Assamese girl", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Indian Army has completed the trial against one of its soldiers and found him guilty of molesting an Assamese girl at Nitaipukhuri Naujan in Sivasagar district on July 13.\"The guilty is currently in our unit lock-up and, within one week of taking over the case, our enquiry has been completed. I, as the head of the DAO Division, assure you all that, the guilty will not be spared, and the girl will get justice,\" GoC of Army's 2 Mountain Division (DAO Division) said in an open letter to the women of Sivasagar district.The letter acknowledged the \"angst against the molestation case\" and noted that the Army took over the case from the civil court to ensure speedy justice. \"Unlike the normal court process, in the Army a court is formed to try a particular case thus ensuring speedy justice. We abhor such crimes against women and never condone it. It is against our 'Kshatriya Dharma' (warrior duties),\" the letter said.Over 1000 male activists of 22 organizations in Sivasagar town last week staged a half-nude protest against the state government's failure to punish the soldier who had allegedly molested the Assamese girl in the Dolpa area of the district.The incident took place when a 13-member army team belonging to the Nitaipukhuri Naujan camp was patrolling the flood-affected Dolpa area around 5pm on July 13. Anil Kumar Upadhyay tried to molest a local girl who was collecting firewood near the breached part of the embankment. Some other women working in the embankment saw Upadhyay trying to manhandle the girl and raised an alarm, helping the girl escape.Outraged locals gheraoed the army team till 8pm and demanded punishment for the guilty. Later, the angry locals withdrew their protest after the police arrived at the spot and arrested the accused.The army commander in his letter has appealed to the agitating people \"not to take any step that would help anti-national and anti-social elements in creating further disturbance and law &amp; order problems.\"Representatives from Nari Mukti Sangram Samiti, Women against State Repression and Sexual Violence (WSS) and Women in Governance, Assam Chapter (WinG) and other activists have formed an independent fact finding team who are probing into the molestation case.At a meeting organized by the team in Guwahati on Friday, the team expressed its dissatisfaction against the proceedings of the case and termed it a violation of human rights by the army. They said action should be taken against the jawan and Army should not delay the proceedings further.Kiran Shaheen, a member of the fact finding team, said, \"This was an attempt to rape and so police cannot let off the accused because he is from the army. The case was taken up by police earlier, but now the army has taken over and the investigation has started again which is unnecessary.\"She added, \"We met the members of ASCW and we were told that they have met police and made a few recommendations on this issue. But surprisingly, we were not given any detail of the recommendation saying that those were confidential. Thus, we demand that transparency should be maintained.\"Nandita Rao, a Delhi-based lawyer and team member, said, \"The case has been taken up by the army. The prosecutor and the judges of the court martial are also from the army and the accused, too, is an army jawan. So, we would like to know how many cases of sexual violence have been inquired and tried by the army under court martial proceedings?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345241", "title": "Shatabdi to use ordinary coaches for two days", "text": "CHENNAI: Not all passengers may be able to travel in the spacious and modern Linke Hoffman Bush (LHB) coaches on the Chennai-Bangalore-Mysore Shatabdi Express on Monday and Tuesday. Railways have pulled out a few LHB coaches for maintenance after employees of Basin Bridge yard protested against using them as they had crossed the deadline for periodic overhaul in July.Regular ICF made AC III tier coaches or chair car coaches will be included in the train till the LHB coaches are back from maintenance. As seating arrangement of some of the coaches will be different from what is given in tickets and charts, railway officials will open a help desk at Chennai central to assist passengers.\"We are planning to do maintenance of these coaches so that they can be used. They will return soon,\" said Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma. The decision has come too late. Railways has been using the coaches because of the lack of spare rakes though the deadline for periodic overhaul (POH, a full maintenance carried out every 36 months) was July 31. A rake comprises 10 coaches, including a power generator carr.Indian Railways Technical Supervisors Association (IRTSA) alleged that the mechanical department extended the periodic overhaul deadline of the coaches and used them for running the train on Thursday and Friday (August 2 and 3). Technicians and other employees of Basin Bridge train care centre staged a protest near Central railway station on Thursday alleging that railways were forcing them to compromise on safety.There is no spare rake but there is one power generator car, one executive chair car and two chair cars to be used as spare. But the spare coaches are now under periodic overhaul at Carriage and Wagon works. POH of a coach can be extended if intermediate overhaul is done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15347255", "title": "IIT-Guwahati to hold Techniche", "text": "GUWAHATI: IIT- Guwahati is all set to organize the 14th chapter of its techno-management festival, Techniche, 2012 with the theme 'Pixelating Perfection' from August 30 to September 2.This is an annual non-profit festival, which has various technical and management events to develop the scientific and entrepreneurial skills of students on a competitive platform. Of late, Techniche has gained a lot of popularity amongst the student fraternity of the city.Kushal Rathore, team member of the organising committee, Techniche, said, \"Last year's theme was celebrating innovation and this year it's 'Pixelating Perfection'. The event is divided into a six-module structure and for each module, we have various events. For example, we have a corporate module like Brain Child - the annual business plan writing competition which offers an incubation amount of Rs 1 crore with Mumbai Angels and DARE as its incubation partners.\"\"Besides, there is Stratagem, the marketing strategy writing competition; Product Launch, which strives to bring a new innovative product into the market, and Virtual Stock Market, in association with Dalal Street Investment Journal,\" he said.This time, Techniche is organising the Start Up Showcase that will have on display the ten most promising, highly efficient and quickly emerging start-ups of the nation including Bluegape, fGrape, Spark n' Beyond, Moneno, KooKoo, KraftInn. \"These events will witness the confluence of entrepreneurs, Venture Capitalists; Business leaders form the Techniche Industrial Conclave, technologists and thousands of students from all over India. The festival also gives a chance to the students to interact with various corporate bodies,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15347766", "title": "Missing RSS leader returns after 6 hrs", "text": "MYSORE: Six hours of high drama ended on a happy note after former RSS sarsanghchalak K S Sudarshan, who had gone missing, returned home safely on Friday.An alert homemaker, Hemavathy, and her son, Ashok, took care of Sudarshan for a few hours after he lost his way on Friday morning, and reached Naidunagar, where the mother and son stay.The 84-year-old Sudarshan, who went on a walk from his brother's house in Century Park, a gated community , stepped out at 5.25am, according to the watchman. According to family sources, his morning routine includes a walk for an hour or two before starting the day's work.Nobody knows where the former RSS chief went from Century Park, but he was tired and thirsty when he reached a mosque in Naidunagar. He decided to rest for a while near Hemavathy's house. He spotted Ashok, who had come out of the house to get his clothes ironed, and asked him for a glass of water.Ashok invited him into his house and made him feel comfortable. His mother offered him breakfast, which he refused. As he was relaxing, she saw on a TV channel a photograph of an RSS leader reported missing from Mysore. The mother-son duo informed police. Police commissioner KL Sudheer escorted Sudarshan back to his brother Ramesh's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15350846", "title": "Another US university in visa fraud row; fate of 450 students, mostly Indians, uncertain", "text": "NEW YORK: A year after the Tri Valley university scam left several students from India high and dry, another American varsity with a significant Indian population, has run into trouble after its CEO was charged with visa fraud.Jerry Wang, 34, the CEO of Sunnyvale California-based Herguan University and the University of East-West Medicine, has been charged in a San Jose District Court with a 15 count indictment on visa fraud including that he forged federal documents to allow foreign students to enter and stay in the US.Federal agents raided the Herguan University in California and arrested Wang on Thursday. Wang faces a maximum penalty of up to 85 years in prison if convicted of all charges. He could also have to pay a fine of up to a million dollars.Wang's father and mother have also been named in the 10-page indictment, which alleges that between 2007 and 2011, they submitted false transfer letters and forged other visa documents required for non-immigrant students to the US Department of Homeland Security's Student and Exchange Visitor Programme (SEVP).The Wangs collected tuition fees and other payments from Herguan students in exchange for maintaining their false student visa records.The case could spell trouble for the about 450 students of Herguan, most of whom are from India. A photograph on the university's website shows some graduating students, half of whom are Indians.The university, however, wrote on its website that the charges against Wang have not affected Herguan and that Wang has resigned from his post.The university is \"open and and conducting classes as usual. Government charges against the Designated School Official, who has resigned, regarding immigration issues, have not affected the University. Students will find classes scheduled as usual,\" it said.The university added that if students have valid visa status \"nothing has changed for you.\"The university is seeking Wang's replacement and has appointed Doreen Simmons as the interim chief operating officer.The US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said in a statement that in light of the allegations, Herguan and the University of East-West Medicine could lose authorisation to enroll foreign students.\"Foreign students who are currently enrolled at these universities may continue to attend classes as long as the schools remain SEVP-certified and the students are able to maintain their lawful immigration status,\" ICE said.The ICE has issued both schools a notice of intent to withdraw, the first step in revoking the schools' SEVP certification.The universities have 30 days to respond to the notice and request an interview to contest the action.The indictment charges Wang with conspiracy to commit visa fraud; use of false documents; aggravated identity theft; and unauthorised access to government computers.Wang made his initial appearance in federal court on Thursday and is scheduled to be formally arraigned August 20.The school offers computer science and business degrees and was granted federal approval in 2008 to accept foreign students.The San Jose Mercury News quoted a Herguan graduate Rajiv as saying that the news of the raid came as a shock. He said foreign students were told if \"that in the next 15 days, if something doesn't change, you either have to find a different school or leave the country.\"Last year over 1000 Indian students were affected by the Tri-Valley scam after the university was raided and shut down by authorities on charges of a massive immigration fraud.Many students had faced the threat of deportation to India after the scam was uncovered. Federal authorities had alleged that Tri valley had been paid millions of dollars by foreigners to obtain student visas that authorised them to remain in the US.The university, which had around 1,500 Indian students, was was later closed down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15347575", "title": "Govt asks Bokaro PSUs to evict illegal occupants", "text": "BOKARO: Deputy commissioner Sunil Kumar on Friday directed the Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL), Central Coalfields Limited, Damodar Valley Corporation and the Tenughat Thermal Power Station to issue eviction orders to illegal occupants so that anti-encroachment drive can be started soon.The move has been taken to expedite the anti-encroachment drive as ordered by the Jharkhand high court last year. While assessing the encroachment status on PSU lands, Kumar found that the companies had issued eviction orders only in few of its encroached areas. There are many areas of land for which eviction orders have not been passed.Kumar also observed that the companies, especially the BSL, even after passing the eviction orders had not disconnect its electricity and water supply to the squatters. The PSUs have been ordered to cut the supplies so that the demolition drive will be conducted smoothly.Conducting a high-level meeting with SDOs, police and PSU officials, the DC reviewed the status of encroachment in PSU areas and directed them to speed up the eviction drive.Kumar expressed concern over re-encroachment in the evicted areas of the BSL and asked its officials to submit detailed report within two days.The BSL has informed the DC that it has identified 2,086.39 acres under unauthorized occupation. Of this, the company has passed eviction orders for 455 acres.The BSL jointly with the district administration had conducted demolition drive and evacuated 103 acres of land. Most of the area has been re-encroached. Kumar has directed officials of the CCL (Bokaro and Kargili) to ask the authorities to formulate policies for effective utilization of its excess number of quarters.The CCL officials said the DC that its has 3,500 additional quarters which are being illegally occupied. There are about 9,500 company quarters but the number of employees are 6000.The DC has formed a committee which comprising SDO, DSP and an PSU official who will plan and execute the anti-encroachment drive in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15350648", "title": "Flash floods in Manali: 1 killed, infrastructure damaged", "text": "SHIMLA: One person was killed and several vital bridges and large stretches of roads were washed away in flash floods caused by heavy rains in Manali area of Kullu district, cutting off areas beyond Manali from the rest of the state.The flash floods that occurred late last night at Dhundi, 20 km from Manali near the construction site of Rohtang Tunnel, washed away the bailey bridge constructed by Border Roads Organisation.Another bailey bridge near Palchan and some foot bridges were washed away in floods which badly damaged large stretches of Manali-Rohtang road near Palchan and Kullu Manali road at two points where traffic had been stopped due to massive soil erosion, Deputy Commissioner, Kullu, Amitabh Awasti said.One person, who was inside a vehicle, was also washed away besides some vehicles of BRO parked on the edge of the road.The body of the deceased has been recovered while efforts were afoot to trace the vehicles, Awasthi said.The Kullu-Manali Highway has been opened for light vehicles while heavy vehicles were being diverted via left bank as the road was not safe due to landslides.\"The BRO has been asked to construct a bailey bridge near Palchan and material has been provided to construct the bridge immediately to resume traffic and it is hoped that the road would be through within two three days,\" he said.The other bailey bridge has not affected vehicular movement as a regular new bridge had been constructed close to the old bridge, washed away in floods.People living along Nehru Kund, Palchan and Bhang villages have been asked to move to safer places and relief operations are in full swing.The estimated loss caused by damage to roads, bridges and other property was about Rs 8 crore which included loss of Rs 5-7 crore incurred by the BRO and about Rs 2 crore by the state but exact loss was being assessed, DC said.Passengers were stranded at Duad on Chandigarh-Manali national highway for nine hours from 10.30pmM last night due a landslide.Passengers were also stuck at Hara Bagh and Guma on the Mandi-Pathankot National Highway for more than 11 hours and at Khanag on the Kullu-Ani road.Traffic on both the highways was restored later in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347147", "title": "Six juveniles escape from reform centre", "text": "JAIPUR: Barely a week after some juveniles escaped from the reform centre in the Transport Nagar area, six juveniles overpowered a security guard and another employee at the centre and managed to flee.The incident, which occurred around 8 pm on Thursday, has once again exposed the security arrangements at the centre. None of the juveniles have been traced yet.While two were charged of murder, others were involved in robbery and theft cases, the police said. All of them are between the ages 15 and 17. Two of them hailed from Meerut in UP, while the rest are from the state.\"A total of 48 juveniles are being kept at the center. The authorities had organized a special dinner for the juveniles on Rakhi. The food fell short, therefore, the head cook Shivram Varma went to the kitchen to get more food,\" an officer said.To go to the kitchen one has to exit the main building and take the stairs from the outside to reach the first floor. The six youths were quick to follow him to the gate. \"When he asked the security guard to open the gate, the youths overpowered them and ran away,\" the officer said.\"There was only one security guard at that time, so to prevent other juveniles from running away, he could follow the teenagers,\" the officer said.Soon, the senior officials were informed but a police team reached the centre only the next morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15346177", "title": "Burglars loot gold jewels, silver articles", "text": "COIMBATORE: Unidentified burglars entered a house at Aval Chinnampalayam near Pollachi and decamped with 15 sovereigns of gold jewels and 300 grams of silver articles, police said. A special team has been formed to nab the culprits.According to police, M Karuppavel Ayyappan (29) of Aval Chinnampalayam near Kottur, his wife Jothimani, and his two children had gone to a temple at Samathur to offer their prayers on Thursday. Ayyappan locked the house before leaving for the temple.Around 9 pm, when the family returned, they realized the house was burgled. Some unidentified burglars had entered into the house by breaking open the back door of the house. They broke the steel almirah and stole 15 sovereings of gold jewels in the ground floor.Later, the burglars went to the first floor and took 300 grams of silver articles. Police suspect the burglars had noticed Ayyapan's movement and planned the theft accordingly. The couple alerted Kottur police who rushed to the spot and held inquiry with the locals. Finger prints have also been collected from the crime scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15347320", "title": "Mandeep treads noble path, arms youngsters with education", "text": "JALANDHAR: His difficult days as a student taught Mandeep Kumar, who resides at Jalandhar Bypass now, to help the seekers of knowledge without any expectations of making a fortune off it. At present, he teaches five underprivileged children free of cost and offers tuition classes at a nominal cost to 15 other children. \"When I was a student, I often wanted to join tuition classes, but wouldn't have enough money to pay the fee. As I completed my studies, I decided to offer tuitions to the needy students free of cost, says Mandeep, 29. Students from primary, higher and secondary classes come to him for academic support finding a saviour who has been through similar times of financial constraints. The best part about Mandeep's tuition classes is he hasn't given any fixed time to children, but allows them to come to him whenever they want and stay as long as they like to study, he says. Mandeep, who used to teach at a school until a few months ago, keeps himself busy with tuitions these days. \"I came to know about two children who could not come to me for classes due to the circumstances at their home. I approached their parents and asked them if I could teach them at their home and they agreed, so I teach them too now,\" he says. A young activist in his own way, he says he will continue this practice of offering tuitions till he is alive. \"It relaxes me to provide education to underprivileged kids and my family stands by my decision too,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "15346632", "title": "Mamata Banerjee's plans will help Darjeeling grow: Sushil Kumar Shinde", "text": "DARJEELING: P Chidambaram as Union home minister may have irked Mamata Banerjee by his statements on the state's law and order situation, but his successor Sushil Kumar Shinde seems to have struck the right chord with the Bengal chief minister. When he and Mamata emerged from a meeting at a Darjeeling hotel on Friday evening, both were beaming.\"I have been to Darjeeling earlier with my family, but it was not so developed then. This time round, I can see a lot of development. Several development schemes from my sister Mamata Banerjee will help this area grow further. The Centre will provide all assistance to the state and Bimal Gurung. We want this area to develop further,\" Shinde said after the meeting.There was clear indication that relations are thawing between the Centre and Mamata. The chief minister was all smiles when she said: \"I know Sushil Shinde for several years. Now, he is the home minister as well as the Leader of the House. I have congratulated him on his achievement. Tomorrow is a historic occasion.\"Friday's meeting lasted for nearly an hour. While railway minister Mukul Roy and Gorkha Janmukti Morcha leaders Bimal Gurung and Roshan Giri were present during the first half of the meeting, they left the room during the second session.Though Mamata and Shinde refused to reveal anything, sources said they discussed the future of the Hills and the possible unrest that may arise during the first term of the GTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15346822", "title": "Kanpur second on accidental death index", "text": "KANPUR: The city ranks second in 2011 on the national accidental deaths index as compared to other KAVAL towns -- Agra, Lucknow, Allahabad and Varanasi.As per National Record Crime Bureau (NCRB) 2011 statistics, Kanpur, known as Industrial city of the state, had secured second rank in the country with 2,219 accidental deaths, while Allahabad had secured 45th rank as far as number of road mishap deaths was concerned.Similarly, Lucknow has ranked 44 with 569 accidental deaths while Agra and Varanasi secured 17 and 24 ranks with 912 and 612 deaths respectively.NCRB report claimed that the UP had registered 30,153 accidental deaths with the rate of 15.1%. As far as Sangam city is concerned, percentage share in road mishap deaths across the country was attributed 0.4% and rate of road mishap was 19.1%.As per age records, seven persons, including 5 boys and 2 girls (below 14 years) were killed in road mishap. Under the category between 15-29 years, a total of 71 persons including 51 male and 20 females had lost their lives. Similarly, between age of 30-44 years, 70 persons including 60 male and 10 females were killed in road mishaps in year 2011.The traffic police cops have been appealing the riders to maintain speed limit as its violation and rash driving were termed as two prime causes of road mishaps in city areas.Cops claim that \"speed thrills, but kills is an old warning, which could be seen on the roads\". This adage could be exemplified by the fact that two-wheeler riders are the most vulnerable to road mishaps -- both in terms of fatal and non-fatal category -- on state/national highways or city roads as compared to other vehicles, including the heavy ones.Traffic Inspector, I P Singh said: \"Violation of traffic rules and rash driving are two prime factors behind the rising graph of road mishaps in the region.\"In terms of fatal and non-fatal category accidents that took place in the past 18 months on highways or city roads, 60-65% involve two wheeler riders. Further, out of this figure, 90% were the ones without helmets.\"As per NCRB report, Kerala is a high accident-prone state on the basis of percentage share in deaths due to road accidents. While the national average for road accidents stood at 37.3%, the state has just crossed the line, registering 37.4%. For Karnataka, the figure stood at 39.6%, while Tamil Nadu recorded 46.6% and Andhra Pradesh 50.8% in south India. The incidence of accidental deaths has increased by 1.6% at the national level in 2011 compared to 2010.Fourteen states crossed the five figure mark in accidental deaths with Maharashtra topping the list with a maximum of 60,515 deaths.Meanwhile, drowning deaths accounted for 15.2% in the state, while sudden deaths (such as heart attacks, epileptic fits/giddiness, abortions/child birth, influence of alcohol, killed by animals and mines or quarry disasters) made up almost 18.6%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15344862", "title": "Jawan held guilty of molesting Assam girl", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a remarkably quick trial which ended in a week, the Indian Army on Friday held one of its soldiers guilty of molesting an Assamese girl at Nitaipukhuri Naujan in Sivasagar district on July 13.\" The guilty is in our unit lock-up. The trial was completed in a week. As the head of the DAO Division, I assure you that the guilty won't be spared and the girl will get justice,\" said GoC of Army's 2 Mountain Division (DAO Division) in an open letter to the women of Sivasagar.More than 1,000 male activists of 22 organizations in Sivasagar had staged a half-nude protest against the government's failure to punish the soldier who had outraged the girl.The letter acknowledged the \" anger against molestation\" and noted that the Army took over the case from the civil court to ensure speedy justice. \" Unlike the normal court process, in the Army, a court is formed to try a particular case, thus ensuring speedy justice. We abhor such crimes against women and never condone it. It's against our 'kshatriya dharma' (warrior duties),\" the letter said.The assault took place when a 13-member Army team belonging to the Nitaipukhuri Naujan camp was patrolling the flood-affected Dolpa area around 5pm on July 13. Anil Kumar Upadhyay tried pounced on a local girl collecting firewood near the breached part of the embankment. Some other women working in the embankment saw Upadhyay trying to manhandle the girl and raised alarm, helping the girl escape.Outraged locals gheraoed the Army team until eight pm and demanded punishment for the guilty. Later, angry locals withdrew their protest after the police arrived at the spot and arrested the accused.The Army commander appealed to the agitating people \" not to take any step that would help anti-national and anti-social elements in creating further disturbance and law &amp; order problems.\"Nandita Rao, a Delhi-based lawyer and team member, said, \" We would like to know how many cases of sexual violence have been inquired into and tried by the Army under court martial proceedings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350182", "title": "Handsome daily soap actors help garner TRPs", "text": "In the Teflon coated surreal and over dramatic world of daily soaps, the male heartthrob's good looks become an extremely handy means to wow the audience. Actually that's a given, since a sizeable chunk of the telly viewing audience, comprise the fairer sex. While the female protagonist in a prime time soap thrives on her girl next door coy looks, the hero has to be poster-perfect, handsome, tall and totally droolworthy. Good looks usually garners the TRPs with remarkable ease.Sample this: the TRP-trippers in the soapy world - Star Plus' Diya Aur Baati Hum (Anas Rashid as Suraj Rathi), Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon? (Barun Sobti as Arnav Siingh Raizada), Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai (Karan Tacker as Viren Vadhera and Kushal Tandon as Virat Vadhera), Mann Ke Awaz Pratigya (Arhaan Behl as Krishna), Colors' Balika Vadhu (Siddharth Shukla as Shiv), Uttaran (Gaurav Bajaj as Aman), Kairi -Rishta Khatta Meetha (Jay Bhanushali as Anuj), Madhubala - Ek Ishq Ek Junoon (Vivian d'sena as RK), Chhal - Sheh Aur Maat ( Abhishek Rekhi as Kabir), Zee TV's Punar Vivah (Gurmeet Chaudhary as Yash Scindia), Afsar Bitiya (Kinshuk Mahajan as Pintoo Singh), Pavitra Rishta (Rithvik Dhanjani as Arjun), Sony's Kuch Toh Log Kahenge (Sharad Kelkar as Ashutosh), Byaah Hamari Bahu Ka (Gaurav Khanna as Krish), the soon-to-air Love Ya Arranged Marriage (Ashish Kapoor) Life Ok's Dil Se Dua...Saubhagyavati Bhava ? (Harshad Chopra as Raghav and Karan Vir Vohra as Viraj Chaudhary), Devon Ke Dev Mahadev (Mohit Raina as Mahadev) - boast of male leads who are scene stealers in every way.In the women-dominated daily soaps, while the leading ladies garner max eyeballs by their tear jerking acts and the men have precious little to do but to provide the support act and of course look 'pretty'. As Rajan Shahi once put it, \"the leading lady of a daily show needs to be a girl next door, so she doesn't have to be strikingly pretty\", but since the hero is the dream man, \"he needs to be handsome.\" Also, for the significant percentage of the viewer, the goodlooking hero is often reason enough to come back for more. A dashing hero has his uses - he can take a shower, strut around in a towel, go shirtless (when the TRPs are desperately needed), beat up the baddies, have an intense eyelock with the heroine and catch her when she's falling. He makes the fairytale complete. And in turn ensures a devoted and dedicated fanbase for himself, and more viewership for the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347444", "title": "300 college teachers\u2019 posts lying vacant since 1982", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The problem of shortage of competent faculty is not restricted to Panjab University alone; even its affiliated colleges are marred by a similar crunch. In an appalling situation, over 300 posts are lying vacant in city government colleges and close to 200 in aided colleges of UT administration. The work load is being shared by contractual faculty members most of who are candidates who have cleared national eligibility test (NET) conducted by University Grants Commission (UGC) and yet have no job assurance. Each year colleges apply for new courses from university and set up new departments. Number of students in most colleges has shot up from 1,200 till few years ago to 3,500 now. However, despite this increase in number, the inability of the UT administration in filling up teaching posts since 1982 has worsened the situation. \"The UT administration has not shown any seriousness in filling posts. While students, disciplines and departments are increasing, there is no initiative on the part of administration to fill vacant posts,\" says Jagwant Singh, general secretary of Punjab Federation of University and College Teachers Organization (PFUCTO). Teachers' unions and federations of city colleges have been relentlessly fighting the situation, but all in vain. \"There is a dire need to address the situation. Teachers are retiring each year and there no permanent recruitment. Staff on contractual basis is compensating for the loss, but there is no job assurance for them,\" says a principal of a college, who declined to be named. \"It has been 30 years since a permanent post was created in any government or aided college. Colleges who have been established after 1973 are at a greater loss since most of their staff is on contract,\" says a faculty member of GGDSD College in Sector 32. Incidentally, even as the teachers recruited on contract basis are paid salaries similar to those of permanent faculty members, they are put off duty during holidays and when the exams commence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15346255", "title": "Kerala hotel kitchens may shift to the front soon", "text": "KOCHI: The drive against adulterated and stale food served in eateries in the city may soon bring in changes in the design of hotels.The district administration in association with the health department is mooting a proposal to shift the kitchen to the front side of hotels to make their functioning transparent.In case hoteliers object to the proposal, it will be made mandatory to install closed circuit television sets in hotels to show customers what is happening in the kitchen.The proposal is to be discussed at a meeting of hoteliers to be convened by the district collector soon.\"Our aim is to ensure hygiene and quality of food served in hotels. We will discuss methods to bring in transparency in functioning of hotels and restaurants,\" said district collector P I Sheik Pareeth. The health department is giving finishing touches to the proposal to be submitted before hoteliers.\"Hotels which do not have star ratings will be classified and the lowest in the category will be tea shops. We will ask only hotels in the top categories to shift their kitchens,\" said P N Sreenivasan, district health officer, Ernakulam.\"Since tea shops function in a single or double room, it will not be practical for them to have the kitchen in the front. So, the proposal will not be applicable to them,\" he said. In the first phase, the project will be implemented in 50 hotels. \"Later it will be extended to all hotels,\" said Sreenivasan. Besides shifting kitchens, hotels will also be asked to provide boiled and clean drinking water and ensure hygienic toilets for men and women.Leaders of Kerala Hotels and Restaurants Association (KHRA) said the new policy should only be made mandatory for new eateries.\"Given the space constraints and high cost, it will be difficult for existing hotels to shift the kitchen. However, installing closed circuit televisions is a practical solution,\" said Jose Mohan, general secretary, KHRA.Kochi: The drive against adulterated and stale food served in eateries may soon bring in changes in the design of hotels in the city. The district administration in association with the health department is mooting a proposal to shift the kitchen to the front side of hotels so as to make their functioning transparent. In case, the hoteliers raise objection to the proposal, closed circuit television sets would be installed in hotels to show customers what is happening in the kitchen, and this would be made mandatory.The proposal would be presented and discussed at a meeting of hoteliers to be convened by the district collector soon. '' Our aim is to ensure the hygiene and quality of food items in hotels. We will discuss methods to bring in transparency regarding the functioning of hotels and restaurants,'' District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said.Health department is giving finishing touches to the proposal to be submitted before the hoteliers. ''Hotels which do not have star ratings will be classified, and the lowest in the category would be tea shops. We would ask only hotels in the top categories to change their kitchens '' said P N Sreenivasan, district health officer, Ernakulam. '' Since tea shops function from a single or double room, it would not be practical for them to have the kitchen in the front. So, we would exempt them from the proposal,'' he said.In the first phase, 50 hotels will be selected for implementing the project. '' Then it will be extended to all the hotels in the city,'' Sreenivasan said. Besides shifting kitchens, there would be other stipulations like providing boiled and clean drinking water and ensuring hygienic toilets for men and women.Meanwhile, the Kerala Hotels and Restaurants Association (KHRA) leaders are of the opinion that the new policy should be made mandatory for eateries which are going to be opened soon. '' Given the space constraints and high cost, it would be difficult for existing hotels to shift the kitchen. But having closed circuit televisions is a practical solution,'' said Jose Mohan, general secretary, KHRA.ENDS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15347318", "title": "MLA ruins farm land for real estate project", "text": "MADURAI: Members of the Tamil Nadu Dalit Rights Protection Movement have stuck posters demanding the immediate stop of conversion and promotion of fertile paddy fields for construction of houses by local AIADMK MLA Nanjil Murugesan. They have also demanded the arrest of the local panchayat president for giving approval for the project.John Victor Das, state treasurer of the movement, said the MLA had taken over about 100 acres of land among the lush green paddy fields in Putheri panchayat in Nagercoil for the promotion of his real estate project named 'Parasakthi Gardens'. The land had not been authorized legally by the local planning authority and the panchayat president V Marimuthu had arbitrarily granted the No-Objection Certificate and also stamped his signature on the plans for construction without consulting the authorities.Because of these actions, the owners of another 130 acres surrounding the MLA's project were facing many hardships and were not able to cultivate their lands. The promoters of this real estate project closed four channels which brought water from the Putheri tank to these paddy fields, including the main channel that traversed alongside the main road. This main channel had been closed with concrete, according to Das.As the promoters fenced the land in which construction was taking place, farmers of adjoining lands were finding it difficult to access their lands and the cost of labour had gone up manifold. Labourers refused to walk long distances to reach the fields. About seven large bungalows were already constructed on the occupied land.According to Dr R S Lal Mohan, convener of the Nagercoil chapter of INTACH, information received by them under RTI had shown that Parasakthi Gardens had not been taken over by the Putheri panchayat as claimed by the promoters. He said vast wetlands of Nagercoil were being rapidly destroyed by politicians and real estate promoters, who had no concern for nature. Lands that were once occupied by tractors and ploughs are now being ruined by land movers. Such actions were ecological crimes according to Sections 430 and 431 of the IPC, where the guilty can be sentenced to jail for up to five years.Also, the Town and Country Planning Act of 1971 amendment 47A of 2010 says conversion of wetland into housing sites should have the concurrence of the district collector and the permission of the local planning authority, which issued a notice to the MLA under section 56 and 57 of the act, but he ignored it.He said though the local town and country planning authority had failed to stop the destruction of paddy fields, in Thiruvananthapuram, 50 km away from where this was taking place, an act strongly protected the conversion of paddy fields into housing plots.Nagercoil was once known as 'Nanjil Nadu' for its paddy fields, but now the paddy fields that were spread over 52,000 hectares in this district in 1975 have now shrunk to a mere 16,715 hectares in 2012, putting Tamil Nadu's food security at stake, he added.When contacted, the Kanyakumari district collector S Nagarajan said that the newspaper would have to contact the local planning authority in this regard, though he is the regional head of the local town planning authority.Sources close to the MLA said that a cent in this garden which was very near to the Putheri railway station was priced at Rs four lakhs per cent and that water connections and EB connections would be provided on demand. The person said that all clearances had been obtained for the same. Numbers advertised for sale of plots in the same Parasakthi gardens in a Tamil Daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346786", "title": "Neelima's visit to Infy campus still a mystery", "text": "HYDERABAD: When B Neelima walked into Infosys campus in Gachibowli on Tuesday night only to be found in a pool of blood a couple of hours later, she left a trail of questions behind. While there were many clues found scattered in the IT major's parking lot, a twist in Neelima's mysterious death surfaced on Friday when it turned out that the techie was in India on a three-week leave and had no reason to be on campus. This was her first visit to the office after she landed in Hyderabad from the US on July 22. Why she chose to go to office at 8.40 pm on Tuesday night remains a mystery.What has stoked the curiosity of her colleagues is that in the 10 days she was in the city or even on Tuesday night when she arrived at the Infy campus, she did not meet any of her old friends or colleagues. Even more curious is the CCTV grab showing her entering Block 18, which colleagues said was strange as the work carried out there was completely unrelated to her project. In fact, nobody from her project works out of the Hyderabad office. \"Most of her project members are either based out of US or Pune,\" said a colleague. Her presence in the parking lot has been the subject of discussion from the time of her death given that she had not brought her car to the campus on that night.On a day when the police maintained that no arrests were made in the case and nobody from Infosys was picked up for interrogation, her pictures from happier times were also floated. The pictures show a tall but frail Neelima posing with flowers in one and wearing a smart dress looking straight at the camera in another. \"She was strong-willed and very spontaneous, bright and intelligent. She trained many people and was among the brightest in her team. It's unthinkable that she could have committed suicide,\" said a colleague, going on to share how Neelima was happily married to B Suresh Reddy, who she had fallen in love with much before she married him three years back. The couple was planning to leave for the US on August 17.Also, it turns out that 27-year-old Neelima was posted at Tampa, Florida and not New Jersey as reported by the police initially. Her colleagues from Tampa expressed their shock on news sites as to what their dear friend was doing in the office premises when she was on leave. This was the second such incident reported at the multistoried parking lot of Infosys. Last year, a girl had allegedly committed suicide by jumping from the parking lot. However, in Neelima's case the police have maintained that it's a suspicious death even as doctors who performed the postmortem said it was homicide. A mail floated by Infosys on Friday asked staffers to refrain from speculating on the cause of death.It also came to light on Friday that Infosys had tried to reach Neelima's family soon after her body was found. The family had alleged that they were informed about the her death hours after the incident. The list of calls made from the Infosys office to the family soon after Neelima's body was found was released on Friday. The staff even left a message for her cousin on Facebook. They could finally reach her husband at 2.55 am followed by her mother 3.01 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350061", "title": "Aasiya Kazi makes a comeback with Hitler Didi", "text": "After a lot of struggle, the viewers hoped that the protagonist of Zee TV's 'Hitler Didi', will finally find some peace in her life, but it looks like the makers of the show (Trilogy Krikos') don't want Indira's ( Rati Pandey) life to be tension free.In an attempt to raise the drama quotient soon a new parallel lead will be introduced on the show. Aasiya Kasi, who was last seen in Imagine TV's 'Dharampatni' will soon make a comeback on the small screen with 'Hitler Didi' .As already seen on the show, Indira is battling for her life as she suffers from brain tumor. Her only aim is to see Rishi ( Sumit Vats) happy after her death. Now, Aasiya who will play the role of Rishi's college friend Shweta will be shown in love with him during their college days. She will soon walk in to Rishi's life and Indira will want Rishi to marry her.When contacted, Aasiya remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336612", "title": "Friendship Day: Pick the perfect present on the occasion", "text": "Are you losing your hair trying to choose a gift for Friendship Day this Sunday? TOI helps you.For the amigos worldwide, it's the day they can shower love to those who have fought with them, have become their guilty mirrors and would definitely stand by them till the end of time. It's Friendship Day this Sunday and youngsters in Bhubaneswar are gearing up to celebrate this special day with much pomp and show. Needless to say, the gifts shops have attractive merchandises in plenty to help them celebrate this day.This year too, regular goodies like friendship bands, cards, quotation frames, coffee mugs are already on the racks. But, if you are looking for something unique to surprise your best friend with, there are pretty and colourful designer bags shaped like frocks, shoes. And guess what? They are filled with chocolates. According to Ravi Dewan, owner of a gift shop in Shahid Nagar, it's the frames with sweet and cheeky Friendship Day quotes that are attracting youngsters the most. \"Wooden and glass frames with interesting texts written about friendship, glass photo frames with nice friendship quotes are popular gifts for this Friendship Day. Rakhi is over and these are now selling like hot cakes,\" he shares.But, when it comes to choosing bands and goodies, people want to experiment. Girls have a special fascination for rainbow-coloured beaded bands and crystal bands. They are fashionable but pocket-friendly. Says Subhashree Hati, a faculty member of a international school in Bhubaneswar, \"Though everyday is Friendship Day for me, I still buy friendship bands and chocolates for my friends for the first Sunday of August. This year too I'll do the same.\"For the guys, Friendship Day kits consist of leather or metal friendship bands. Bhargav Mishra, an engineering student, says, \"I have bought a leather friendship band for my best friend. I think it will look really cool with the party attire he's planning to wear on that day.\"So, what are these youngsters planning to do to make this day memorable? Bhargav tells us that all of his friends are going to attend a huge party. For Siddharth Padhee, it's a day to be spent with your buddies, wherever you are. \"We are planning to go out and have fun the whole day. I have already bought some quotation frames for them,\" he says with a smile. Subhashree, however, plans to have a blast with her childhood friends at a beach. \"This Friendship Day I'm planning to go to Paradeep to catch up with my friends. We are going to have a beach party. I'm eagerly waiting for this Sunday,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15347012", "title": "Lavad villagers threaten to take over varsity land", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The residents of Lavad village in the Dehgam Taluka have threatened to take possession of the land allotted to Raksha Shakti University on August 9. The day has been chosen because it coincides with the launch of the Quit India movement.Vinubhai Amin, who is heading the campaign against the university, said that the Quit India Movement had begun under the leadership of Father of the Nation Mahatma Gandhi. He said, similarly, on the selected day Lavad's villagers would launch a movement against the university and throw it out of the area.\"We have decided to remove the boards of the Raksha Shakti University and even throw its people's belongings out of the area and take possession of the gauchar land,\" said Amin.Amin said the residents would forcibly enter the area and have a community lunch on the gauchar land. The villagers have decided to take out a rally from Gandhinagar and march to the village and then take over the land.The villagers are protesting against the state government's decision to set up the university on the outskirts of the village. They claim the site was gauchar land, but the government says that the university's land belongs to the home department. For their part, the villagers said that they were determined to fight till the university was moved out of their village.\"The administration is not willing to hear our demands, so the gram panchayat unanimously resolved to throw the university out of the village,\" said Amin.The villagers claimed that in 1956, the state government had given 535 acres of land to the village panchayat on the condition that villagers use it for cattle grazing. But in 1976, the land was taken away from the village, following a complaint by Gabhaji Thakore, an MLA then. Thakore had alleged that villagers were not adhering to the condition.The villagers want to know where their cattle, over 4,500 heads, will graze. Their memorandum also states that the village has more than 150 families living below the poverty line, which depend on the disputed area to collect wood as fuel to cook their food. The village does not even have land for these BPL families under the Indira Awas Yojana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15346420", "title": "Officials conduct inspection at Neethi medical store", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Drugs control department officials conducted an inspection at the Neethi Medical Store near the Kottaparamba Women and Child Hospital on Friday. During the inspection town drugs inspector A K Raveendran and drugs inspector (IB) Shaji M Varghese recovered samples of the suspected fungus-infected intravenous (IV) fluid which was administered to a pregnant lady on Thursday.Assistant drugs controller G Ashok Kumar has directed the Kozhikode-based distributor who procured and supplied IV fluid to the medical store to produce the rest of the IV fluid belonging to the same batch procured from the company at the drugs controller office on Saturday. The office will send the samples to the regional analytical laboratory for chemical examination. Department sources said the company has distributed 8,000 bottles of IV fluid in various parts of the Kozhikode.\"Our team which conducted inquiry and inspection at the Neethi store found only three bottles of IV fluid. The quantity is insufficient for sampling. We have started the work of retrieving the IV fluid from other places where the distributor had supplied the fluid from the same batch,\" said Ashok. \"We will also conduct inspection at the warehouse and collect samples,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15346853", "title": "Trial to begin in IPS murder case", "text": "INDORE: Indore Session Court transferred the IPS Narendra Kumar killing case to fourth additional session judge of special justice CBI, Anupam Shrivastav's court on Friday. Now, special court of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) will frame charges in the case on next hearing scheduled for August 8.CBI counsel said that charges will now be framed in the case against the sole accused Manoj Gujjar in the CBI court after which the trial will began. Court has already rejected the application for transfer of trial to Morena. Advocate Mahendra Morya said that once trail begins in the case, the accused can apply for bail.Now, special CBI court will take a call on the application of Keshav Das, father of slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar, he added.Das, in his application, had raised doubts over the investigation of the CBI, and demanded for a re-investigation. He had alleged that the CBI ignored the hand of mining mafia's hand in the murder of his son. He had asked for probe into the role of former minister Rustam Singh's involvement in the case and his interrogation, apart from the submission of his call details. All these pleas were denied by the CBI and the court will take a final decision on the application during next hearing.The CBI had filed a chargesheet in the case on June 6, booking tractor trolley driver Manoj Gurjar under section 304 (culpable homicide) and 353 (obstructing government work) of IPC and Motor Vehicle Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15346612", "title": "Autos under the scanner again", "text": "BHOPAL: After an inconclusive drive carried out against errant auto-rickshaws of Bhopal last year, the district administration, transport, traffic police and weights and measures departments' officials began a joint drive on Friday.Officials want that the new fares are configured in auto meters in a week. After repeated petitions from bus, auto owners, the administration fixed new fares for public transport in the city on July 27 after repeated petitions from bus, auto owners.Last year, the auto drive had begun on December 7 after extending many deadlines. That was not the first time the deadline had been extended. The auto drivers were supposed to install meter by September 15, which was extended to October 1. At the behest of the auto drivers this was extended to November 1 before the drive had begun on December 7, lasting for 21 days.On Friday 70 autos out of the 6,000-odd autos plying in the city were inspected by weights and measures inspectors at Habibganj Railway Station and Board Office crossing.A S Gill, one of the inspectors, said, \"Seventy autos were checked by our inspectors. Four were fined according to the Legal Metrology Act, 2009 of the department. A fine of Rs 2,000 was imposed on them.\"Even though the officials were of the opinion that the situation was much better, one auto driver, Imtiaz Khan was found in an inebriated state while the checking was going on and did not even seem to remember the auto number.Ironically, Pappu Vilas, district president, Mahanagar Auto Chalak Kalyan Sangh had said his union had issued cards to all auto drives with instructions. \"There are 17 auto stands across the city. We are all for the implementation of the fare chart and meter system.\"\"No auto from our union has ever been fined. If anyone is, their membership would be cancelled and the concerned area head of the union would also be taken action against,\" he had added in December.Even on Friday his stand was the same, with a rider though, \"It is the passengers who do not want to ply as per the rate list. We do not have any problem,\" he said.DSP (traffic) M S Chhari said 56 autos were challaned. Out of these, three were seized for not having any meters installed. \"The autos were challaned for not plying under pre-paid norms, broken seals, those without their meter down and those without meters at all. Three were seized under the last category and court proceedings would be initiated against them,\" he said.\"Also, the auto associations have been told to hang the new rate list inside the autos. The difference between the old and the new rates is clearly indicated in the rate list so they would know how much to shell out accordingly,\" he added.Also, after the green signal from seniors in the department, 30-35 additional checking points would be created in the city taking the number to 50, Chhari said.Action taken reportAutos challaned last year - 1,500Autos challaned this year - 150Meter checking staffWeights and measures - 6Traffic police - 60GuidelinesShould have a proper calibrated meterShould have a fare chartShould wear a uniformShould have a nametagShould behave decently with passengersPhoto QuotesPadma Balachandran I Central Bank employeeIt hardly seemed like an inspection drive was ever carried out. I haven't come across any auto with a meter yetAnita Sharma I HousewifeIn case of an emergency, we generally hire Metro taxis as they are more reliableSunil Kumar I SupervisorCitizens should insist on going by a calibrated meter and no bargainK V Kujumon I RestaurateurAuto drivers in the city are used to running a free rein. The administration should take them down", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344751", "title": "New law may 'rein in' political parties", "text": "MUMBAI: Legal experts view the new law in the state to take sponsors of illegal strikes to task as a welcome step that may rein in even political parties now, but at the same time express reservations about the offence being now considered non-bailable and police given open-ended powers to arrest.A former high court judge said provisions of arrest in strikes in essential services may have to be studied to find out if they may be \"draconian\".The bulk of essential services like hospitals, courts, milk delivery and power supply are run by the common man and by making it non-bailable it could give rise to abuse of power by the police and even turn counter-productive, said Amit Desai, a senior counsel. He said if any power of arrest is there, it should be preventive and at the time of a strike to prevent continuance of disruption of services. If the police have the power to arrest, say a motorman, three months later, it may pose issues.S G Aney, a senior lawyer, said the state has finally come up with a strict law for sponsors, instigators and financiers of strikes that would make even \"political parties think 10 times before calling for bandhs\". The law amends the Essential Services Maintenance Act that legal experts say seeks to prevent disruption in the very services that form the lifeline for a city and whose absence could endanger fundamental rights and even lives of people.Senior counsel J P Cama, who specializes in labour law, said, \"The law would apply equally to anyone who calls for or participates in a strike that would affect what is classified as essential services.\" This would mean, he said, that even politicians and union leaders of taxis and auto-rickshaw unions would have to now be worried as much as erring taxi and auto drivers as the law has brought these two services under the umbrella of \"essential services\".Milk and power supply were always part of essential services and hence if any political party by calling a bandh prevents daily milk supply it would be hampering an essential service and liable for penal action under the new law.Desai said the law undoubtedly places a check on those involved in strikes or disruption of essential services which was a lacuna till now. Thus, anyone who promotes disruption of essential services should be treated on par with those directly involved in it but giving power to the police to arrest is a cause for some concern.\"If the power of arrest is to be exercised, it must be only to prevent the disruption or at the time when disruption is progress, but to give the police power to arrest much after the strike is over would give them a power to abuse,\" he said.Nothing stops the state from having put a safeguard that arrests could be made as a preventive step, said other lawyers too.According to the amendments, an essential service now includes public transport such as auto-rickshaws, taxis and school buses, or individuals employed in hospitals, government, semi-government establishments, high court employees, civic staff, teaching staff, or even those engaged in the supply of milk, water, gas and electricity. Lawyers say inclusion of taxis and autos as essential services is laudable and much needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346849", "title": "Trader killed for resisting extortionists", "text": "KOLKATA: For three-weeks, Howrah businessman Sumanta Bagchi knocked on the door of every policeman he knew after armed extortionists barged into his home and threatened to kill him. But when the gunmen struck on Wednesday night, there was no one to help him.All he could do was to shield his 18-month-old daughter from the killers. The last bullet to hit him was in the back, when he set his baby on the ground and covered her in a bear-hug.Bagchi was shot four times in the head, chest and back. His widow Moumita, who was a few steps away when the shooting started, said: \"His life was under threat. Gunmen had come to our house three-weeks ago to kill him but he hid on the terrace and survived. He was murdered because he dared raise his voice against extortionists. I have named all 13 people in my complaint.\"One of the accused, Santosh Singh, was arrested late Friday night.Howrah police commissioner Ajey Ranade said: \"The victim had lodged a complaint three weeks ago and we took adequate action. Two persons were arrested and a police picket was posted near his home. The murder is very unfortunate. We are investigating the case.\"Howrah DCP (HQ) Nishad Parvez said they are already questioning a few suspects named by Moumita.Bagchi, who owned a saw mill and some buses, had started a campaign against extortionists. In mid-June, a close friend of his, a godown owner in Shalimar, confided that a gang was demanding Rs 5 lakh from him.Bagchi asked him not to pay. He took the trader to senior police officers and complained against it. The gangsters were furious and decided to kill him, say police sources.The first such attempt was led by a local criminal Boge three weeks ago but it failed, said an officer. Boge and an accomplice were arrested but got bail a few days ago. They are not among the 13 named by Moumita.Bagchi was very popular in the area as the only one who stood up to criminals. His murder has shocked the town. Koley Market and the entire area around Botanic Gardens remained closed today. Even buses did not ply.Bagchi didn't merely lodge an FIR with Shibpur police on the threat to his life, he had also written to Howrah police commissioner Ajey Ranade and also to the state home secretary Basudeb Banerjee. This prompted police to post a police picket near his home. But when death came, none came to his aide. Bagchi was very popular in the locality for standing up against criminals. His shocking murder had left locals numb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15346498", "title": "Shadow police nab Tamil Nadu swindler's gang", "text": "THRISSUR: A shadow police team led by Thrissur city police chief P Vijayan, on Friday, arrested a gang of swindlers from Tamil Nadu. According to police, the modus operandi of the thieves is to distract people by throwing currency notes of Rs 50 or Rs 100 denomination on roads and then loot them.Those arrested are: Muthukumaran (33), Balamurukan (32), Arumukhan (42) and Marimuthu (30). The gang actually has eight members, and is from Ramjinagar, near Trichy.\"The gang loots people who try to collect currency notes seen lying on road, and then they vanish from the scene. On July 28, they looted a HP laptop, digital camera and valuable documents from a car when the car owner, Nedupuzha native Jijo Mathew, fell into their trap. He tried to collect currency notes he saw on roadside keeping the doors of his car open. Two days later, they looted Rs 3,000, cheque leaves and valuable documents from M E Shajahan of Vadanappilly from near Bini Tourist Home in Thrissur Swaraj Round using a similar technique,\" said a police officer at Town East police station.\"The four were arrested from Sapna theatre area. There were six of them; two gave police the slip. We have registered a case under Indian Penal Code section 379 read with 34. They were produced before the Thrissur judicial first class magistrate who remanded them,\" said the officer.According to police, the modus operandi of the thieves is to distract people by throwing currency notes of Rs 50 or Rs 100 denomination on roads and then loot them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15347273", "title": "SI accused of bribery suspended", "text": "MADURAI: A sub-inspector from Kanyakumari who was caught in a video camera allegedly receiving bribe has been placed under suspension.The suspension comes in the wake of a petition in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court and an inquiry by senior police officials. The sub-inspector, Ragupathy, who allegedly received the bribe from John Deva Singh when he was attached to south Tamaraikulam station was transferred to Armed Reserve police after the allegation cropped up. \"Based on a departmental inquiry, action has been taken on the SI,\" said a senior police official.John Deva Singh (36) of south Tamaraikulam in Kanyakumari, in his petition filed in the high court bench, stated that Ragupathy had threatened that if he did not pay Rs 7,000 as bribe, severe charges would be slapped on him, based on a complaint from RS Masanamuthu, an acquaintance of his estranged wife.Deva Singh claimed that a sum of Rs 3,000 was forcibly extracted from him on May 12 by Ragupathy. Ragupathy and Maruthanayagam, a special sub-inspector in the station, had further demanded Rs 2,000. The next day, Deva Singh claimed that the two policemen received Rs 2,000 from him. \"Still, Ragupathy and Maruthanayagam demanded an extra Rs 2,000 as bribe and threatened that they would register false cases,\" the petition stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15345575", "title": "Workers\u2019 unions to hold joint forum on lockout today", "text": "GURGAON: Workers' unions of Gurgaon are set to hold a joint forum here on Saturday, with the lockout at Maruti's Manesar plant, after last month's violence, high on their agenda. Union members say that they need to devise a better 'strategy' in order to effectively deal with the present crisis, that has rendered hundreds of contract workers jobless and has cast a cloud over the industrial region's stability.\"Due to the lockout so many contract workers are now left without work. Our priority will be to address the problem now faced by this section of the workforce that has no rights whatsoever,\" said Harjeet S Grover, general secretary of Honda Motor Cycle and Scooter India Employees Union.Around eight of the prominent union bodies will be attending Saturday's event, which is being organized at Ambedkar Bhawan in Sector 4.Another contentious issue is that of the arrests made by Gurgaon police days after the July 18 episode that led to the death of a senior Maruti executive and left more than 100 management employees critically injured. \"Over 90 people were arrested and many of them had no role to play in the violence whatsoever. Our demand is that the innocent workers among those arrested should be released,\" Grover added.The SIT set up by Gurgaon police is currently handling the case, but the workers' unions have asked for a CBI probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15346950", "title": "Predicting rain is becoming increasingly difficult: Expert", "text": "BELGAUM: In the changing climatic scenario, prediction of rainfall has become a great challenge for researchers, said RD Singh, director, National Institute of Hydrology, Roorkee (Uttarakhand). He also called upon researchers to take up studies to quantify the possible impact on climate change on water availability and its severity on the society.As part of silver jubilee celebration of Hard Rock Regional Centre (HRRC) of National Institute of Hydrology, regional centre, a one-day session on 'Hydrology of Hard Rock Areas' was organized at VTU senate hall here on Thursday.Singh, in his presidential address, described the importance of proper utilization of water and its availability in different parts of the country. He stressed the need for protecting both surface water and groundwater in respect of quantity and quality. \"In view of the climate change, there are incidences where the occurrences of cloud burst have increased in the areas, which have never reported such incidences. The intensity and amount of rainfall has direct bearing on the availability of water resources in different regions. These problems are further aggravated by anthropogenic activities which are contributing to the deteriorating quality of the both surface water and groundwater resources,\" added Singh.In this regard, government of India has constituted a committee on Climate Change, in which the National Water Mission is one of the components. The Ministry of Water Resources is implementing this component. The objective of this committee is to assess the possible impact of climate change on the water resources and it availability. Further, the committee is assigned to develop adaptation strategies to cope with these changes, added Singh.The session was inaugurated by S A Kori, Registrar, VTU. Kori in his inaugural address called upon NIH experts to guide their students on the related issues. He mentioned that, if we do not implement and devise the appropriate tools for managing the water resources, we may face acute water scarcity in the coming years.NIH completed 25 years of its establishment in Belgaum. NIH is a research institute in the area of hydrology and water resources under the ministry of water resources, government of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15346446", "title": "Seminar on Kozhikode master plan today", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a bid to prepare a blue print for the district's future development, the district administration will hold a development seminar titled 'A development master plan for Kozhikode' at Paramount Tower on Saturday.District collector K V Mohankumar said that the proposals and suggestions emanating from the seminar would be taken into consideration while formulating the master plan for the city after further discussions.Minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer will inaugurate the seminar. Mayor A K Premajam would preside over the inaugural session. M K Raghavan, MP will be the chief guest and A Pradeep Kumar MLA will deliver the keynote address.Regional town planner G Sasikumar will introduce the topic. MLAs and panchayat presidents from the district will attend the programme.Indian Institute of Management- Kozhikode faculty Saji Gopinath will present paper on economic development and IT master plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350673", "title": "Urban professional", "text": "The Indian Institute for Human Settlements (IIHS) is going to start a certificate programme for working professionals in urban development from October 2012. Vishakha Sharma reportsThe Indian Institute for Human Settlements (IIHS), Bangalore, has introduced an interdisciplinary, practice-based programme for working professionals in urban development (PWP-UD).According to Smita Srinivas, advisor, IIHS, the PWP-UD to begin from October 2012 to June 2013 is a full-time, eight-month certificate programme intended for early and mid-career working professionals who want to augment their competencies and professional worth; add significant value to/or change their career tracks.The PWP-UD will begin with a foundation term that introduces key concepts, tools, trends and debates on urban development. This is followed by two specialised concentration tracks: (a) economic development, land, and housing, and (b) infrastructure services and urban sustainability.Talking about the programme, Srinivas says, \"The programme will offer a series of skill labs and practicals to enable participants to acquire skills, tools and methods vital to urban practice. Exposure visits guided by faculty, will offer participants an opportunity to observe, debate, and analyse diverse urban contexts in India and abroad.\"As to the advantages of the course, she adds, \"The programme will equip learners to address urban problems, develop the ability to map the dynamics of urban institutions and governance, engage with the complexities of urban poverty and inequality and acquire and apply key analytical skills of urban practice, among others.\"The total number of seats for the programme will be around 60 to 70 and to be eligible, candidates need to have a minimum of two to three years of work experience in any discipline.The PWP-UD culminates in a supervised, individual project that allows each learner considerable flexibility to apply their learning and deepen their practical experience in select private, public and civil society institutions to enhance their future professional opportunities.www.iihs.co.inCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15346969", "title": "Heavy rainfall disturbs daily routine", "text": "VARANASI: The heavy rainfall on Thursday midnight followed by continuous drizzling on Friday disturbed the daily routine of citizens as most of the areas remained waterlogged and the unhygienic conditions prevailed in many localities. While a number of low lying areas like Bazardiha, Godowlia, Rathyatra, Mehmoorganj, Gurubagh and others remained waterlogged till late evening, condition worsened in areas where digging work was operational.Commuters passing through trans-Varuna areas like Pandeypur crossing, Lalpur, Azamgarh road, Khajuri, Padav, Samne ghat were worst hit due to fully damaged roads. The 3.5 mm rainfall, recorded by MET office on Friday, led to flood-like conditions in gullies and serpentine lanes as well.At the same time, a number of posh areas like Sigra, Ravindrapuri, Lanka, Lahurabir suffered heavily due to potholes in the areas. When the risk of bacterial and viral infections are high during rainy season, a number of areas like Beniabagh, Godowlia, Dashaswamedh ghat, Maldahiya, Rewari Talab, Lanka, and several trans-Varuna regions were packed with heaps of garbage and unattended waste. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15346184", "title": "Some wind to power TANGEDCO", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) move to hike the cost of \"banking\" power with the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) rather than do away the concept of banking itself has come as a relief to wind power producers.Beginning August 1, wind power producers have to pay 94 paise per unit to TANGEDCO if they wish to store electricity they produce with the state utility. Transmission charges too have been upped to 20 paise per unit. Taxed added, wind power firms now need to pay Rs 1.45 paise per unit to TANGEDCO as banking charges, which is at least 300 times more than the 45 paise per unit they were paying until now.But wind power producers are heaving a sigh of relief since TANGEDCO had initially proposed withdrawal of the banking concept which lets producers store surplus power with it when wind energy production peaks (May to October) at a nominal cost and reclaim it whenever they needed (January to May) to TNERC. During the windy season, wind mills contribute 30% of power produced in the state. It is estimated that Tamil Nadu, one the largest wind energy producers in the country, has the potential to increase power generation from wind.The state wind power policy was tailor-made to attract investment in what was a sunrise sector. The banking system itself was meant to facilitate industries to invest in windmills. Since wind power was a seasonal affair and the windy areas far from where the industries existed, investors were allowed to bank the power produced at their units with TANGEDCO for a fixed 5 per cent, which worked to 18paise per unit. With transmission charges and taxes, the firms paid just 45 paise per unit to bank with the state power utility. This subsidized rate was bleeding TANGEDCO to the extent of Rs 1,200 crore, according to sources.\"Tamil Nadu is the only state to provide power banking system. But the present condition is that wind energy producers are not able to consume the entire power they produce during the season. Even TANGEDCO is not able to consume it fully because of fluctuating demand,\" said a TANGEDCO official.Indian Wind Mills Association chief K Kasturirangan welcomed the TNERC move. \"The producers have been demanding the corporation to increase the charges instead of doing away with the power banking system. This would have helped the corporation to increase their revenue by selling the banked energy to customers,\" he said.The hiked rates, sources said, would help TANGEDCO reduce its losses. If the state power utility could earn just about Rs 80 crore from producers, the new rate would help them to collect up to Rs 600 crore, Kasturirangan said.This should offer some relief to TANGEDCO since the state utility has to purchase power at a much higher rate when wind energy producers claim the \"banked\" power. But doing away with the banking system would have affected the power producers who have made substantial investment in setting up windmills.However, most of them use only 50 per cent of the power they produce immediately and bank or sell the rest to TANGEDCO. Kasturirangan said that TANGEDCO owe producers Rs 3,400 crore in arrears for the power it has purchased from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346520", "title": "FDC mini theatre goes digital", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 40-seater mini film theatre of the A P Film, Television and Theatre Development Corporation ( APFTVTDC) on its premises at Masab Tank has gone digital. On Friday, a digital projection facility provided by Prasad Extreme Digital Cinema Network was installed at the theatre.The digital projection new facility is a good news for film producers as they need not book a digital theatre to show their movies to the censors. The Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) watches the movies submitted for certification in the mini theatre, located on the same floor as its office.The theatre, however, had only the conventional projection system through which films used to be screened with prints. If a producer got a digital film for censorship, he would invariably had to book a separate theatre where the CBFC members would go and watch the film.Producers have to pay Rs 4,000 as charges for using the theatre for projecting their film for the censors through the convention system. It is learnt thatThe price for projection of a digital film has now been fixed at Rs 6,000. Producers have been informed of the facility and the rate of projection by FDC per film. It's also available for special screenings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349620", "title": "Gandu team at The Basement", "text": "Even if the unit of \"Gandu\" is not looking at a theatrical release just yet, keeping the war between mainstream and underground cinema alive is a series of concerts \u2014 Gandu Circus.At The Basement, Hotel Samilton, on Friday evening, a high-voltage gig by the \"Gandu\" team started the debate afresh \u2014 is Bollywood crushing independent cinema? \"I saw 50 people standing outside the nightclub talking about cinema even after the gig drew to a close,\" said composer Neel Adhikari. Apart from the film's songs, the team belted out two new numbers \u2014 \"My identity\" and \"Alesh\". \"Alesh in Arabic means the end of everything,\" added Neel. And when the music ended, it was a new beginning for movie buffs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347453", "title": "Vehicle stickers for students, faculty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ahead of the student council elections in Panjab University, Chandigarh Police have asked PU authorities to issue vehicle stickers to all university students and faculty members. The instructions were passed to allow easy identity of vehicles. Moreover, university authorities have also given a detailed list of 36 vehicles involved in criminal cases. Police officials said these vehicles have been impounded and some of the vehicles have been released after completing all legal proceedings. All 36 vehicles belong to leaders and supporters of different student organizations. DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said a fresh list of troublemakers is also being prepared mentioning the details of criminal cases and status of cases against these students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346585", "title": "Contingency fund will be 3% of Bihar budget", "text": "PATNA: The state legislative assembly on Friday passed the Bihar Contingency Fund (amendment) Bill, 2012, which provides for keeping 3% of the state's annual Budget in the Contingency Fund.Now, the Bihar Contingency Fund in the year 2012-13 will have Rs 2,307 crore which is 3% of the state's annual Budget of Rs 78,686 crore for the financial year. The Fund has had Rs 350 crore every year for around two decades when it used to be raised with the approval of the state cabinet.Deputy chief minister and finance minister Sushil Kumar Modi said one third of the Bihar Contingency Fund would be spent on disaster management. In view of the arising needs, he said, the Fund size far exceeded Rs 350 crore in the FY 2011-12.With the passage of the amendment Bill, the cabinet's approval after the expenditure would not be needed, he said and added the supplementary Budget has also been placed before the assembly in anticipation of additional expenditures.Meanwhile, the election to the post of deputy speaker of assembly has been stayed for now due to unavoidable circumstances, said the assembly's in-charge secretary Lakshmikant Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15346897", "title": "Ganga rising, still below warning mark of 113 metres", "text": "KANPUR: The holy river is rising because of rain in the catchment areas and release of water from Narora dam. Till a few weeks ago, Ganga was flowing at a very low level. There was not much water in the river in July. The ghats had insufficient water. On August 1, more than 50,000 cusecs of water was released into the river from Narora dam. More water is likely to be discharged soon. This has alerted the district administration.Though the water has not entered into Katri villages of Chainpurwa, Dharamkhera, Dibnipurwa, Padahipur, Chotta Mangalpur, Bada Mangalpur and Nathapurwa but the river is floiwng slightly above 111 metre mark at Ganga Barrage. The warning level at barrage is 113 m, the danger point is 114 m. If the water continues to rise in the same fashion, it may cause havoc in the low-lying areas.Sadar tehsildar A R Farooqui said that the level is rising and flood relief centres have been alerted. The district officials claimed that arrangements to rescue people have been made. Around 125 boats are ready to shift the people to safer places.\"There is nothing to worry about. Some 50,000 cusecs of water was released from Narora dam on August 1 but situation will worsen when more than one lakh cusecs will be discharged. We are keeping an eye on the situation and everything is under control,\" Farooqui said.Flood relief centres at Ganga Barrage, Chiran, Pratappur, Banniyapurwa, Domanpur and Parmat have been alerted.Gram pradhan of Katri Ram Das: \"The river is still 2 metres away from warning mark. When it will reach close to 113 metres, the water will enter the villages in Katri.\"Meanwhile, the people residing near the ghats are a bit apprehensive.The rising water level could be ascertained from the fact that the river which had drifted away from the ghats has now come close.A boatman said that the currents in the river have become swift and dangerous. \"These swirls can sweep away anything and everything. We have become alert while fishing or searching for coins,\" Jamuna Nishad , a boatman, said.Those residing close to ghats also confirmed that the river has been flowing sharply now in comparison to past few days. \"The incessant rain in the region in past couple of days has added to the river water. The river has come closer to the stairs of the ghat which earlier used to be away, making sandbeds visible\", said a priest at Massacre ghat.Keeping the rising water, the local boatmen have also placed their boats on the banks. This has been done stop devotees from moving further into the river as it could be dangerous now.\"For performing religious rituals, people try and walk into river but as the situation has changed it could lead to a accidents. The depth could not ascertained. These boats are available on which we can ferry them for some distance and then they could be brought back,\" said Shyamu, a boatman at Sarsaiyya ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347462", "title": "ST bus fares to go up from tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: A trip to Mumbai and or any other destination by a Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) bus is going to cost more from August 5.The bus fares of Shivneri (Volvo), Asiad (semi-luxury) and ordinary bus services have been hiked by 6.25% on an average. An MSRTC official said the hike is a result of the increase in the price of diesel.Now, a passenger travelling in a Shivneri bus from Pune to Dadar, Borivli or Thane will have to pay Rs 20 more, while those travelling from Pune to Nashik and Aurangabad will have to pay Rs 30 more.The semi-luxury Sheetal buses meant to cater to the middle-class segment will also witness a fare hike from the existing Rs 230 to Rs 244 on the Pune-Mumbai route.The fare for the Pune-Dadar Asiad service has gone up by Rs 10, while that for Pune to Nagpur and Amravati has increased by Rs 50 and Rs 40 respectively.An MSRTC official said the fare hike is applicable to buses across the state. He said the move is a result of the increase in the cost of diesel and, on an average, the hike works out to be 6.25%. The MSRTC has been incurring a daily loss of about Rs 15 lakh due to the diesel price rise. The proposal for the fare hike was tabled before the State Transport Authority and was approved. The previous fare revision was announced in July 2011.Vijayanand Thakar, a frequent traveler, said that in a span of the last one year, the MSRTC has revised the fare structure for monthly passes as well as the fares for all types of buses. \"This will have an adverse impact on the number of people opting to travel by MSRTC buses. The MSRTC has already seen a poor commuter response to its Volvo services on the Nagpur and Nanded routes, compelling the transport body to stop the bus trips on these routes.\"Meanwhile, sources said the corporation planned to introduce a catering service and LCD screens for passengers in AC buses on the Mumbai Pune route. It also had plans to introduce more Sheetal (semi-luxury economical) buses on this stretch.Meanwhile, sources said the MSRTC has now appointed a one-member Hakim committee to decide on a new formula for future fare hikes. Former union secretary PMA Hakim, who recently submitted a fare hike formula for autos and taxis, will be looking into various factors including taxes and administrative expenses of MSRTC before deciding on the new fare hike formula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347400", "title": "Lack of actionable, timely intel major lacuna in policing, say experts", "text": "PUNE: The series of four minor blasts on J M road on Wednesday has exposed the Pune police's intelligence gathering capabilities to prevent terrorist attacks. Former police officers and security experts say poor contact with people at the grassroots level, which would help in generating and analyzing intelligence inputs, is one of the many reasons afflicting the intelligence gathering system.\"We are fighting an asymmetrical warfare in which police and intelligence agencies have to be prepared to deal with terror threats rather than being used for lesser tasks like political and economic intelligence,\" says counter-insurgency and intelligence expert Lt Gen (Retd) D B Shekhatkar. \"Most of our intelligence work, including that of police, is related to investigations after a terror attack. We need an agency whose sole task is preventing terror attacks,\" he said.Physical and electronic spying are the two most commonly known ways of intelligence gathering. While the first involves creation of a deep-rooted network of information sources, including infiltration into the target groups or collecting information by being close to them, the second method refers to eavesdropping and phone intercepts, bugging of mobile and satellite phones, emails and locations. \"As of now, there are serious shortcomings on both the fronts,\" says Jayant Umranikar, former commissioner of Pune police, who also worked with the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) on a deputation spanning over two decades.\"Like the federal agencies, the states, too, have powers to conduct eavesdropping or call intercept ops, but the same are often utilized for misplaced priorities like tracking activities of a political opponent,\" said Umranikar. \"We need to create an independent machinery for carrying out activities such as infiltrating the targeted terror groups for information,\" he added.\"The police also suffer from the phenomenon of poor institutional memory,\" he said. \"Sources gathered by one officer during his tenure in an intelligence unit are not passed on to his successor. In the absence of any updated bank or data of sources, the succeeding officer has to start all over again building sources, which are often not proven and established. Officers are posted on short-term deputation like two to three years, which is barely sufficient for building a strong network of informants,\" he said.\"Inability to secure actionable and timely intelligence, which goes beyond general security alerts and actually prevents an attack, is a major lacuna\" said Umranikar.The old-fashioned system of 'khabris', which the police would rely on for countering organized criminal outfits, was borne out of the criminal elements being in touch with the police to provide information about their rival gang members. \"We have to realize this is far different from dealing with terror outfits, which are highly secretive and make their presence known only through terror attacks. This has to be countered by professional intelligence gathering, which is lacking in present day policing,\" said Umranikar.Former special inspector general of police Suresh Khopde said, \"Our intelligence is poor mainly because of the poor contact between police and people at the grassroots level. The real intelligence gets generated at the police chowky level where constables are the first point of contact for informers. However, we have no system of training constables on how to collect and analyze information. There is poor exchange of intelligence within the police ranks. We are constantly increasing the number of police personnel but, little focus is applied on improving their policing capabilities.\"Khopde had successfully experimented with community policing methods like the 'Mohalla committees' which are not only aimed at maintaining communal harmony but also serve as good source of information. In Pune, former police chief Satya Pal Singh experimented with drafting the college youth for aiding police in information about suspicious activities, through the 'Mission Mrityunjay' campaign. But, the initiative died its own natural death once Singh moved out of the Pune police commissionerate.\"The police in western world cities such as New York and London have been able to ensure there are no repeat terrorist attacks, only by way of exponentially raising their contact with people at all levels of the society. You have to have such multiple contacts,\" Khopde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15344486", "title": "SC upholds 2-year jail for Sanjeev Nanda", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 13 years after he mowed down six people while driving a BMW in a drunken state, the Supreme Court on Friday convicted Sanjeev Nanda for an offence higher than rash and negligent driving and asked him to pay an additional Rs 50 lakh to a public fund for accident victims and do community service for two more years.A bench of Justices Deepak Verma and K S Radhakrishnan allowed Nanda to remain free as it endorsed the Delhi high court's order reducing the jail term for him to two years from the five years awarded by the trial court. It, however, agreed with the lower court that Nanda deserved conviction under Section 304-II (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) rather than the milder count of rash and negligent driving as held by the high court.Nanda had surrendered after the HC's July 2009 judgment and served the remaining part of his two-year sentence. But to keep intact his freedom, Nanda will have to pay an additional Rs 50 lakh within six months, failing which he would undergo simple imprisonment for one year and do community service for a year, failing which he would be taken into custody to serve simple imprisonment for two years.Nanda had already paid Rs 65 lakh as compensation to the victims \u2014 Rs 10 lakh each to the six people including three policemen who died and Rs 5 lakh to the injured. Nanda's counsel Sandeep Kapur told TOI that the Nandas had accepted the verdict and would comply with the directions of depositing Rs 50 lakh and doing community service for two years.Initially, Justices Verma and Radhakrishnan agreed with Nanda's conviction for a higher offence but differed on the sentence. While Justice Verma said that in the peculiar facts and circumstances of the case, the two year sentence was good enough for Nanda, Justice Radhakrishnan commented adversely on Nanda's conduct after the incident and asked him to pay Rs 50 lakh more, which would be used to compensate victims of highway hit-and-run victims involving unidentified vehicles.But later, Justice Verma agreed with Justice Radhakrishnan and passed a common order. Justice Radhakrishnan was critical of Nanda's conduct in driving away from the scene of accident as victims succumbed to injuries.Justice Radhakrishnan said Nanda was not a \"poor rustic villager\" not to understand the gravity of the offence and situation arising from the manner in which he drove the car in the wee hours of January 10, 1999. He said the accused showed utter insensitivity towards the injured, some of whom could have survived if rushed to hospital in time.The judge said Nanda also faltered by not reporting the incident promptly to police and aggravated his conduct by \"showing least concern to injured persons\".The bench also said Nanda must do community service for two years starting within two months under a programme to be finalized by the ministry of social justice and empowerment.The judgment came on an appeal filed by Delhi Police seeking enhancement of Nanda's conviction to that under culpable homicide not amounting to murder (Section 304-II) and a sentence up to 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15347276", "title": "Boat capsizes in Rukni, student drowns", "text": "SILCHAR: A girl student died and ten others, all students, were injured when a country boat capsized in the swelling Rukni river at Haradhanpur ferry-ghat near Hawaithang under Dholai block in Cachar district on Friday.A police officer said the small boat was carrying 20 people, including 11 students. The students were going to attend their classes at Hawaithang High School and Sheorarthal ME School near the Assam-Mizoram border. At 9.30 am, when the boat came to the middle of the river, it capsized due to strong current.Sources said local people jumped into the river to rescue the victims. At least seven passengers managed to swim to the bank, 10 students were rescued in an unconscious state and rushed to the Dholai PHC. Champa Malakar (12), a student of Class VI, was yet to be found till evening .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345359", "title": "From tomorrow, AC bus ride to Pune, Nashik to cost more", "text": "MUMBAI: Your AC bus ride to Pune and Nashik will become costlier from Sunday. The MSRTC will hike fares on all routes\u2014ordinary, express, semi-luxury and Shivneri (AC Volvos)\u2014by an average 6.25%. Said MSRTC MD Deepak Kapoor, \"The MSRTC is incurring a daily loss of Rs 15 lakh due to the diesel price hike. This has forced the corporation to hike fares.\"The new fares include those between Mumbai and Pune. \"Our fare for the Shivneri AC Volvo bus between Dadar and Pune will go up by Rs 20\u2014from the existing Rs 320 to Rs 340,\" he said.The bus journey from Borivli to Pune will now cost Rs 400 instead of Rs 380. The semi-luxury Sheetal bus\u2014meant to cater to the middle-class\u2014will also witness a fare hike from the existing Rs 230 to Rs 244 on the Mumbai-Pune route. The newly launched AC Volvos from Mumbai to Nashik will also have a fare hike of Rs 17\u2014from Rs 264 to Rs 281. Similarly, the Mumbai-Aurangabad fare will be Rs 579 instead of Rs 544.\"Passengers should understand that hikes are linked to the rise in diesel costs,\" Kapoor said. The additional revenue will be spent in improving passenger amenities on the routes. Sources said the MSRTC planned to introduce catering service and LCD screens for passengers in Mumbai-Pune AC buses. Sources said the MSRTC has now appointed the Hakim panel to decide on a new formula for future fare hikes.For those travelling by the ordinary bus, the fare hike will be Rs 14 for Mumbai-Shirdi, Rs 20 on Mumbai-Kolhapur route and Rs 6 on the Mumbai-Alibaug route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15350678", "title": "Left leaders ask govt to universalise Public Distribution System", "text": "NEW DELHI: Left parties today asked the government to universalise the public distribution system and sought distribution of excess foodstock at BPL prices to check the high food inflation.Top leaders of the four parties, which ended a five-day protest on the issue of 'food security for all' here yesterday, met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh here and submitted a memorandum also demanding minimum allocation of 35 kgs of foodgrains per month at the rate of Rs two per kg.\"We told him (Singh) that the distinction between APL and BPL be abolished and everyone, excluding the rich, be included in the PDS,\" CPI(M) General Secretary Prakash Karat told PTI.The Prime Minister indicated that this option could be considered by the government, Karat, who was accompanied at the meeting by S Sudhakar Reddy (CPI), Debabrata Biswas (Forward Bloc) and Abani Roy (RSP), said.Maintaining that around five crore tonnes of surplus stocks were available in government godowns, he said already 25 lakh tonnes have been exported by private traders who had been given foodgrains at subsidised prices.\"We believe that these foodgrains should be distributed universally. Particularly at a time when India is facing one of its worst droughts, export of foodgrains is shortsighted and will only benefit big agri businesses,\" Karat said, asking government to stop exports and distribute the excess stock to the affected in the drought-hit states at BPL prices.When the Prime Minister told the Left delegation that the Standing Committee was studying the Food Security Bill, the leaders suggested that necessary amendments be brought in the measure and tabled in Parliament in the Monsoon Session starting next week.The four parties have decided to picket FCI godowns on September 12 to demand distribution of excess stocks to the poor and universalisation of PDS among other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15346449", "title": "Karma? Mickky to probe Roy's drug mafia links", "text": "PORVORIM: Calls from MLAs to investigate the involvement of 'Roy Naik' in the drug mafia-police nexus in Goa prompted chief minister Manohar Parrikar to assure them that he would set up a House committee under the chairmanship of Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco to look into the nexus.Parrikar's offer came during discussions on a starred question by Pacheco on the drug mafia-police nexus in Goa. Parrikar's nomination of Pacheco as the chairman of the House committee seems prompted by Pacheco's forceful demands to the chief minister to unearth the identity of 'Roy Naik' and have him questioned by police.With Pacheco insisting on a probe into 'Roy Naik', Parrikar said that the case is already with the CBI and that if Pacheco has any additional evidence, he can present it and the government will file a new case. Parrikar said that his government will have zero tolerance towards drugs and prostitution in Goa.Parrikar proposed to set up a House committee on condition that it would complete its report within one month. The chief minister said that he would put in a new team of police officials-who have no previous links to the case-to investigate the nexus.The chief minister described the issue as serious because \"a government minister's son was involved in drugs. The last government tolerated it, I will not do so,\" Parrikar said, in an obvious reference to the previous home minister Ravi Naik . He said that when he raised the issue of drug mafia and police nexus in earlier sessions of the legislative assembly, the home minister used to absent himself from the House.Parrikar also said that a number of MLAs have information on the nexus and that at least 50% of it must be true. Parrikar recalled that one Prakash Metri, who was a stock witness of police, had provided a bond of 50,000 to get bail for alleged Israeli drug dealer Atala, a key person in the drug mafia-police nexus. \"I don't think he knew Atala personally. On whose instructions did he stand surety?\" Parrikar asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15345663", "title": "Odisha told to prepare database on waste", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Centre has asked the state government to create a database on the generation of construction and demolition (C&D;) waste in major cities. The compilation of data is imperative in view of the proposed constitution of guidelines for C&D; waste management and reuse in the country.Receiving a directive from the Union urban development department, the Odisha housing and urban development department has entrusted the municipal corporations of Bhubaneswar, Cuttack and Berhampur, and the municipalities of Puri, Sambalpur, Baripada, Balasore, Bhadrak, Rourkela and Balangir with the job.\"Apart from collecting data, the civic bodies will have to promote separation of C&D; waste at source and establish institutional mechanism for the C&D; waste collection,\" said the letter, copy of which is with TOI. \"Adopt environment-friendly technologies for recycling of C&D; waste,\" the letter said. The state has been asked to furnish its suggestion and status report of compliance to the recommendations by the end of this month.Sources said the construction industry in India generates around 10-12 million tonne C&D; waste annually, while the state does not have any specific data about its generation. Going by the common practice, the construction rubbles are either dumped in low lying areas or on the roadsides.\"At present, C&D; waste is not properly recycled or reused in an organized manner. It often gets mixed with general waste due to lack of segregated storage and collection facilities,\" the letter said, adding, \"C&D; waste has potential use after processing. Recycling and reuse of the waste is being incorporated in the schedule of rates. The Bureau of Indian Standard has been requested to prepare necessary codes and specifications for the use of the recycled aggregates.\"Bhubaneswar mayor A N Jena said he would examine the recommendations and comply to them. \"We will soon develop a mechanism to segregate C&D; waste. At present, we are taking action against buildings for dumping construction materials like sand, bricks, stone chips, bamboos and iron rods on road.\"The BMC has power under sections 343 and 344 of the Orissa Municipal Corporation (OMC) Act, 2003, to punish road encroachers and impose fine on them.Under section 344 of the OMC Act, the BMC commissioner has the power to impose fine of Rs 300 for a tractor load of materials and Rs 500 for a truck load recovered from any violator.The construction industry in the country generates around 10-12 million tonne C&D; waste annually. Going by the common practice, the rubbles are either dumped in low lying areas or on the roadsides", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15345759", "title": "Chargesheet in 7 days in BMW case", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon police will file a chargesheet in the BMW hit-and-run case within a week.The state government directed Gurgaon police on Friday to file a chargesheet in the case within seven days. In Chandigarh, Haryana chief secretary (home), Samir Mathur told TOI, \"We have asked the police to file the chargesheet as early as possible but not later than seven days.\"On Wednesday, the day of the court hearing, police had failed to file the chargesheet even 90 days after registering the case involving the death of 30-year-old pregnant Kshama Chopra Shetye and the car driver, Sanjay Gulati, when an Indigo was crushed by a speeding BMW.In Gurgaon, a senior police officer clarified on Friday that before filing the chargesheet they were waiting for the report from the forensic science laboratory which is in possession of the blood samples of the accused Suraj Sherawat and blood spottings found in the BMW car soon after the accident.The condition of 90-day time limit applies for the filing of the chargesheet if the accused were in jail, the officer said. Now that the accused is out on bail, the chargesheet does not have a deadline, the officer added.It is learnt that the head of the special investigation team was questioned by his superiors about the delay in filing the chargesheet. In his reponse the SIT chief is said to have agreed to submitting the chargesheet in a week's time.Meanwhile, Haryana home minister Gopal Kanda said that he would seek an explanation from the police department for missing the \"deadline\" for filing the chargesheet in the BMW case.Speaking to TOI, Kanda said, \"I will certainly ask police why they did not file the chargesheet in time.\"In the May 5 accident near IFFCO Tower, Gurgaon, in which three-month pregnant Kshama and the car driver, Gulati, had died, Kshama's husband, Shailesh Shetye, and her parents had suffered grievous injuries as well.Kshama's mother Veena Chopra is still in coma in the ICU, while Shailesh, who suffered pelvic fracture and dislocation, is still unable to walk properly.Kshama's NRI brother Rakesh Chopra said, \"Police had sent the blood samples of Suraj, the main accused, to the state forensic laboratory in Madhuban to establish if the samples collected from the car match that of Suraj's and prove his presence in the car behind the wheel at the time of the accident. We came to know from police on Thursday that the report of these samples is still awaited from the laboratory.\"\"How can we can follow the case when three of our family members are still under treatment in hospital?\" questioned Rakesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350653", "title": "Community enterprise", "text": "Students of SRCC, Delhi University, go beyond academics to reach out to communities in need, finds out Vatsala ShrangiStudents of Delhi University's Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC), besides poring over their text books, are working on excel sheets and applying their course knowledge to help underprivileged people.A team of 50 students from the college is working on community outreach projects under the SIFE ( Students in Free Enterprise) umbrella, which is an international NGO of students present in 39 countries, with 57,000 active students as members.Students here at the college, along with faculty members and industry leaders, have taken up a number of projects to ensure sustainability in the lives of people through the positive power of business. One such project, 'life on wheels,' under current implementation, involves facilitating microcredit for rickshaw pullers around the university to enable them to purchase their own rickshaws, rather than getting hired by exploitative contractors who end up taking a share of their everyday income.\"Our aim is to identify communities in need and help them become self-reliant by developing a sustainable business model. Under this project, a rickshaw puller purchases a rickshaw with help of a loan of which SIFE SRCC acts as guarantor. We have tied up with the Punjab National Bank to support the project. Within a year, the rickshaw puller is able to pay back his loan and becomes the owner of the vehicle,\" says Arjun Sahai, one of the members and student, SRCC.According to the members, they are working on 100 rickshaw pullers at the moment among which 61% have repaid their loans and have become owners of their vehicles. Besides, the members also initiate allied activities such as health check-up camps for the community and their families.Adding to this, Abhay Kumar, professor, who is heading the project at SRCC says, all the projects have a business module prepared by students. We have a large data base of all the people under each project. This helps us to keep in touch with them and get an update on the developments once they are on their own.As to how the community work helps students in their studies, they say that the course knowledge that they apply in working out the business strategy, the meetings with industry people and actually developing a personal rapport with each of the people in the community help them understand the textbook concepts.The other projects that the students of SRCC are working on include 'aahar,' which empowers girls --- rescued from human trafficking --- to have a sustainable source of income through a culinary training. Some of the other projects include 'azmat' to liberate manual scavengers by providing them with an alternative source of livelihood through the establishment of a micro enterprise and 'kayakalp' to empower traditional puppeteers and expand their income generation possibilities by making their art relevant to a contemporary audience and capitalising on unexplored markets.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15347598", "title": "Hooligans open fire in air to create panic on busy market road", "text": "RANCHI: Some unidentified criminals on Friday afternoon created panic near Reliance Mart at Kanke Road when they fired shots in the air.The crowd in the busy market ran frantically for cover. Raj Kapoor, officer-in-charge of Gonda police station, said that the incident was fallout of animosity between two criminal groups.\"The shot was aimed at a man belonging to a rival group,\" he said. No one was injured in the incident and eyewitnesses said that two shots were fired in the air. Police also recovered a bullet from the place of incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15347047", "title": "CBSE's open-book exam system draws mixed response", "text": "The decision of CBSE to introduce open-book exam system is wrong as it will reduce the retention power of students. Already students are dependent on computers and calculator, the open-book system will affect their memory level. She added that changing a 40 year old education pattern will be of no help to students. This system is influenced from western countries and our heritage and values are different. In America, students get better facilities. But still Indians are ahead because of their quality of brain.- Rashmi Bhargava, Principal, DPS, IndiranagarThe open-book exam system will definitely benefit the students, as they will be confined to a particular syllabus now. The time span of four months will help them focus more and prepare well in advance. - RK Shukla, TeacherI do not think open-book exam system is a way out to discourage rote learning among students. Rote learning is a personality characteristic and a student will do it any way if he/she is in a habit of doing it. It is not going to solve the issue that CBSE is trying to focus on. - Shraboni Sinha, CounsellorStudents will now face tough and indirect questions that will enhance their analytical, reasoning and creative quotient. They will be forced to understand the topic, instead of mugging it up. - Namita Srivastava, ParentThe open-book exam system is not going to make any difference to the students. Those who are in the habit of rote learning will continue do it. - Yash Hora, StudentThe thinking and analytical skills of students will develop due to the open-book examination system. Discouraging rote learning is a very good initiative taken by CBSE as analysing issues at the school level will build a platform for the students in future. - Pankaj Bajpai, teacher", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345007", "title": "BMC okays hacking of 481 trees for housing project", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Friday passed a proposal to chop down 481 trees on a single plot in Goregaon (E) for a housing project.The move has upset environmentalists and corporators. As an act of protest, three corporators\u2014Ameet Satam, Manisha Chaudhari and Ciril D'souza\u2014walked out of the BMC's Tree Authority meeting. \"The administration is not serious about its commitment to keep the city green,\" said Satam, a member of the Tree Authority. \"Amendments are made to the agenda a night before the meeting so that we do not get enough time to go through proposals. Our objections are dismissed and proposals are passed without our consent,\" Satam added.According to norms, the agenda of a meeting should be given to all Tree Authority members at least three days in advance. Chaudhari, also a Tree Authority member, said, \"This proposal should have been brought up in the next meeting. If the issue was so important then it could have been taken up during a special meeting.\"Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte, who is also the chairman of the authority, told TOI, \"The proposal was put to vote and passed on the condition that the developer, Kingston Properties, will transplant a certain number of trees. The developer has also pledged to plant saplings in place of the removed trees.\"Last year, the BMC allowed Kingston Properties of the Oberoi group to remove 278 trees for the same housing project. Friday's decision will take the total number of trees axed for the project to 759. \"We cannot allow them to keep hacking trees, especially as they have not given us any details on the number of tress transplanted or saplings planted,\" said Chaudhari.Vikas Oberoi , managing director of Oberoi Constructions, said, \"The Oberoi group has always followed the law and has a record of each and every tree that has been removed and the tree that has been planted in its place.\"Rishi Agarwal, an environmentalist, told TOI, \"The candle is burning at both ends. Indigenous trees that support a vast bio-diversity are being hacked and Bottle Palms, that have only ornamental value and do little for the environment, are being planted in their place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15347053", "title": "Lucknow gets 4.3 cm rainfall; more in coming days, predicts Met dept", "text": "LUCKNOW: The rainfall deficit in the state has come down to 21% below normal following good rain in last nine days. However, the city mainly remained dry, which resulted in increase in the rain deficit to 20% below normal from 13% below normal on July 24. The weatherman is hopeful that rainfall situation would improve, both in the city and the state in coming days, as more rain is expected in the next 3-4 days. West UP would receive more rainfall in comparison to east. The city would witness cloudy sky with a few spells of rains.On Friday, it started raining in the city in wee hours and total rainfall till 8.30 a.m. was 9.6 mm.It drizzled all day and rainfall from 8.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. was 43.8 mm. Interestingly, the difference between the maximum and minimum temperature on Friday was only two degrees The maximum temperature was 25.8 degrees Celsius, which was seven degrees below normal, and the minimum temperature was 23.8 degrees Celsius, which two degrees below normal.The rainfall activity, however, in the city would slowdown on Saturday.State Met director JP Gupta said that from June 1 to August 3, per district average rainfall in the state has been 320.4 mm, which was 21% below normal 406.1 mm. The deficit till July 24 was 34% below normal.In east UP, he said, per district average rainfall was 375.1 mm, 14% below normal 436.6 mm. The east UP deficit till July 24 was 22% below normal.Major improvement has taken place in the west UP, where per district average rainfall till July 24 was 59% below normal, which on August 3 had come down to 34% below normal.As per the Met department's monsoon assessment report (from June 1 till August 3), in 15 districts, 10 in east and five in west, rainfall was above normal.In the remaining 60 districts, rainfall was below normal. While the wettest districts were Lalitpur with 32% above normal and Kasganj - 30% above normal, the driest districts were Rampur with 67% below normal and Baghpat - 54% below normal rain. The rainfall in Allahabad so far has been 27% above normal and Varanasi 2% above normal. However, in Kanpur, it was 31% below normal.Situation has also improved in the drought prone Bundelkhand region.The rainfall in Jhansi so far has been 20% below normal, Jalaun 23% below normal and Banda 1% above normal. This is better in comparison to the rainfall received by the region till July 24.The monsoon had arrived in UP on June 21, but lost steam thereafter. It gathered momentum on July 5.The good rainfall in the month of July has saved the state from drought, although there has been some loss in agriculture, particularly paddy crop, due to scanty rains in June.According to Central Met Department, the satellite picture show an upper air cyclonic circulation over the Bay of Bengal and the monsoon trough line is passing from over Sultanpur district. As a result, rains and thundershowers would occur at many places in the state, although the intensity will differ in different parts.The forecast for next one week (August 4-10) is active to vigorous monsoon conditions would prevail over UP during first half of the week. Heavy rainfall may also occur at isolated places in the state during next 2-3 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15319936", "title": "Kishore Kumar's last song fetches Rs 15.6 lakh at Delhi auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kishore Kumar's last song was sold for Rs 15.6 lakh at the Osian's auction on Tuesday. Gurgaon-based entertainment destination, Kingdom of Dreams, successfully bid for the full rights of the unreleased song which was recorded just three days before the legendary singer's demise in October 1987. Further details of the song are not known.\"We plan to introduce the song in our musical show Jhumroo on Kumar's birth anniversary on August 4,\" said Viraf Sarkari, director, KOD. Actor Aamir Khan, along with wife Kiran Rao , bid for six collector's items valued at Rs 3,21,233 including Shammi Kapoor's jacket (Rs 88,000). Aamir is an ardent Shammi Kapoor fan and used to show the first reel of all his films to the legendary Kapoor before their release.\"When I heard that Shammi uncle's jacket was in the auction, I was very keen to try and get it. And I am so happy that Kiran and I were lucky enough to get it. This is the jacket that he wore in the film, Prince. I am so happy,\" the actor told TOI.Other auction highlights were the selling of 45 signed black and white photographic stills by the evergreen Dev Anand (Rs 4,00,000), the famous scarf from Junglee (1961) worn by Shammi Kapoor (Rs 1,56,000), the sweater he wore from Andaz (Rs 1,50,00), the turquoise ring set in silver worn by Farooque Sheikh in Muzaffar Ali's famous Umrao Jaan (Rs 96,000) and a cricket bat signed by Aamir Khan and the Lagaan team (Rs 1,56,000) among many others.The auction registered overall sales of Rs 69.55 lakh. 86% of the items were sold with records established across all types of publicity material and film memorabilia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15345745", "title": "Self-financed Odisha Plus II colleges struggle to fill up seats", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The proliferation of self-financed Plus II colleges has started showing its ugly head with several institutions unable to muster even a single candidate for admission this year.The college-wise analysis report on e-admission after the first cut-off list shows that eight such colleges have not got any aspirant for admission. These colleges include BM Junior College, Cuttack, having a capacity to admit 128 students, Glorious Academy Patia (128), RJSMS Residential +2 (Science and Commerce) College Tentulipura (Balasore) (64), Narayana Junior College Bhubaneswar (64), Mayurbhanj +2 Science College (128) and Sai +2 Science Residential College (128) in Baripada and Cosmic +2 Science College Puri (64). Sixteen other colleges have aspirants in single digit.Satyasai +2 Science College Balasore and Mahanadi Junior Science College Jagatpur have one student selected each for admission. Gopabandu Science College at Balianta near Bhubaneswar having 64 seats and SRM +2 Science College Bubaneswar (128 seats) have just two aspirants for enrolment. Around 40 colleges have less than 20 students selected each for enrolment, majority in science.Some of these colleges, however, exude confidence that they will manage to get students in spot admission in the second round after the e-admission is over. \"Around 32 students have already showed interest to take admission in our college. They could not take part in e-admission because of internet accessibility problem. However, they will take admission during spot admission on August 16,\" said Santanu Kumar Pani, principal of RJSMS Residential College Tentulipara. The college started last year has 18 students in the first batch, the principal said.Government authorities said because of better options available colleges with poor infrastructure were not attracting students. \"Some of these colleges are having very poor infrastructure. Students are avoiding such colleges. This is natural,\" said regional director of education Dr Kamala Prasad Mahapatra. The higher education department had to close 22 colleges last year, including eight from Bhubaneswar, because these colleges did not attract single student for admission. The higher education had also served show-cause to around 50 colleges for poor enrolment and results.Educationists said several institutions grew seeing business opportunities in running plus II colleges but those not having proper infrastructure and faculty had to meet the dead end. \"It was but natural. Many colleges exist for namesake. There are colleges operating on garagaes and dhabas. Who will study there?,\" asked RN Panda, former principal of BJB Junior College who now heads a self-financed college. There are around 200 self-financed Plus II colleges in the state with maximum over 60 concentrated in Khurda district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15349457", "title": "Airtel: No option but to hike tariffs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel, the country's largest telecom company, on Friday said it was disappointed with the government's decision to fix the reserve price for 2G spectrum auction at Rs 14,000 crore, which will lead to higher tariffs for consumers.\"The base price is unreasonably high and it will impact the overall industry, which is already going through a rough patch... it will undermine the agenda of affordable service and we will have no choice but to pass on the burden,\" Bharti Airtel CEO Sanjay Kapoor told TOI, when contacted.Kapoor also said spectrum usage charge of 3-8% of revenue was high given that countries that auction radio waves typically keep it at a nominal value to cover administrative expenses. Besides, he said the existing system benefitted dual-technology operators and the GSM players ended up paying a higher charge.Although the telecom regulator had repeatedly said that a Rs 18,100 crore reserve price would have an impact of around five paise a minute on tariffs, operators have contested that number. Earlier, the GSM lobby group COAI had said that tariffs could more than double but Kapoor refrained to comment on the issue on Friday.He said the government had chosen to ignore the submissions made by the industry as well as independent agencies, which showed that telecom tariffs would be impacted by the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15346974", "title": "Bureaucrat in Lokayukta dock", "text": "BANGALORE: After netas, it's the turn of bureaucrats to come under the Lokayukta scanner. And the bureaucrat is principal secretary to the chief minister, Pradeep Singh Kharola.A private complaint was filed before the Lokayukta on Friday against Kharola for reportedly allowing pilferage of taxes during his tenure as commissioner of commercial taxes between 2008 and 2012.In his complaint, Mallesh, a farmers' leader, alleged that the pilferage, especially in Bellary and surrounding districts such as Koppal and Chitradurga, resulted in a loss of Rs 4,000 to Rs 5,000 crore to the state exchequer. He sought a direction for Kharola to be tried under Prevention of Corruption Act. \"Checkposts on Tumkur Road allowed over 5,000 goods vehicles to cross freely every day without paying tax. Kharola did this in partnership with transporters,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "15346921", "title": "Satabdi locomotive runs 250mts sans coaches", "text": "BURDWAN: Passengers of the newly introduced Howrah-New Jalpaiguri Satabdi Express survived a major scare on Friday after the train's engine got detached near Jaugram station in Burdwan.The train had left Howrah Station at 2.15 pm. Around 3.40 pm, the coupling between the engine and the first coach broke. Passengers felt a sudden jerk after which the train stopped. \"We got down and to our horror saw the detached engine some distance away,\" said Mehboob Alam, a passenger on coach S1.Eastern Railway officials confirmed that the locomotive travelled nearly 250 metres before the driver stopped and reversed it. They, however, denied that the passengers were at any risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15344728", "title": "ASI panel to hold public hearing on Mamallapuram temple takeover", "text": "CHENNAI: A five-member high-level committee comprising experts from the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) will hold a public hearing in the third week of August in Mamallapuram for four days to discuss the apex body's takeover of the seventh century Sri Sthalasayana Perumal temple.This was decided at a joint meeting of ASI director general of archaeology, National Monuments Authority and state archaeology department at the ASI's Chennai circle office in Fort St George on Friday. The meeting was organised after pressure from Mamallapuram residents led by Kancheepuram MP P Vishwanathan. \"Conservation of monuments including the temple is as important as the livelihood of thousands of people who have been living there for many generations. The committee will go into all aspects including objections raised by the residents,\" Vishwanathan said. The Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) department has filed a case before the high court against ASI's takeover of the temple.\"I believe that you cannot manage or preserve any cultural monument without the support of the local public,\" said Union minister of culture Kumari Selja, who was in the city on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15347131", "title": "Relief camp inmates start returning home", "text": "GUWAHATI: Riot-hit people of Kokrajhar and Chirang districts, along with police escorts, are starting to trickle out from relief camps and head towards their villages, where fixed police pickets have been set up to provide security cover.Of the 277 camps in Kokrajhar, Chirang, Dhubri and Bongaigaon, 42 were closed by Saturday and 34,618 inmates of the 4,45,586 total inmates have gone back to their homes.According to government spokesman and agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka, six camps have been closed down in Kokrajhar and eight in Chirang.A statement of the home department said in Kokrajhar, there are still 53 camps inhabited by the Bodo community, 17 camps inhabited by the minority (Bengali-speaking Muslims) and two camps inhabited by others like Bengalis and Koch-Rajbongshis. Seventeen camps have been closed here so far. In the Kokrajhar camps, there are 98,710 Bodos, 80,281 Bengali-speaking Muslims and 522 people from other communities who are yet to go home.In Chirang, 51 camps are still functioning, with 22 of them being inhabited by Bodos and 29 by Muslims. 21 camps have been shut so far. In Dhubri, all the 135 relief camps are inhabited by the Muslims. There were 1,59,614 inmates in these camps till Friday evening. The home department stated that four camps in the district have been shut and 16,215 inmates have returned home. No inmates from the 19 relief camps in Bongaigaon district have returned home. The home department said of these 19, only one camp is inhabited by Bodos (349) and the rest by the minority (17,979).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15348886", "title": "Is Mahesh Bhatt's Chandu shelved?", "text": "It seems, the ambitious project of Mahesh Bhatt, the film Chandu that was to be based on the life of the Jawaharlal Nehru University student leader, Chandrashekar Prasad who was shot dead in 1997, has been shelved. Bhatt, who had taken on the task of making the film about three years ago, doesn't admit clearly if the film will see light of day anytime soon.\"Till the time a film is in the script stage it does not mean it will materialize into a film. Chandu was only in its script stage when it attracted so much brouhaha, from both the media and public, which was a mistake,\" says Bhatt who had thus far been putting off queries about the film on grounds of doing intensive research on Chandrashekar's life.Even before the film could start rolling into production stage, Bhatt had to face protests from JNU students who cited reasons like their slain leader being belittled if the facts get distorted, though Bhatt had even decided the cast of the lead role giving it to newcomer Imran Zaid. \"Not every child that is conceived is born,\" is all that Bhatt says in response to the film's fate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347344", "title": "CCTV surveillance cameras at bus termini in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Just after the German Bakery blast in February 2010, the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation ( MSRTC) had decided to install CCTV surveillance cameras at its bus termini in Pune. Two years on, no progress had been made on this front.Every day, around 85,000 commuters visit the bus termini at Swargate, Shivajinagar and Pune station.According to sources from the Pune division, a proposal about the installation of the cameras was submitted to the head office a year ago. A central team had visited the three bus stations, but there was no further communication.The reason is non-availability of funds. Even after repeated follow-ups, the central office has not given instructions to procure surveillance cameras.As for the railway stations, only Pune railway station, with 34 CCTV cameras working round-the-clock, has some sort of surveillance system. The railway administration has no immediate plans to install CCTV cameras at other stations. \"Only Pune station has a CCTV network as of now in the Pune division,\" said an official. \"There is a proposal to install a similar network at Miraj station but work is yet to begin,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15347561", "title": "Panel to probe Deepika's poor show", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Disappointed over the unsuccessful performance of the Indian archery team at the London Olympics, the state Olympic association has decided to enquire into the reasons behind the unimpressive show of Deepika Kumari.India's brightest medal hope and world's number one player, Deepika Kumari of Jharkhand, was defeated in the elimination round of the individual category.Her defeat came as shocker to the Jharkhand Olympic Association (JOA) which was expecting at least a bronze from her if not gold.\"The entire country pinned its medal hope on Deepika but she failed to deliver for some reason. The JOA will definitely enquire what went wrong. After all, Deepika was Jharkhand's lone representation in London,\" said former Olympian and JOC member, Harbhajan Singh .He said the JOA secretary general, S M Hashmi, who is currently in London as observer of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA), will constitute a panel to probe into the reasons behind the poor performance of the 18-year-old 2011 Commonwealth Games medal winner after his return.\"Personally I believe inadequate and ineffective mental training of the young girl led to her premature exit from the tournament but beyond that what else was instrumental in her disappointing performance will be probed,\" said Singh.\"Given that other players of the team failed to win their respective matches the pressure shifted to Deepika who was already under immense pressure,\" observed Singh.The findings and recommendations of the proposed enquiry committee will be submitted to the IOA seeking improvement to ensure Deepika fares better in future.\"Regardless of Deepika, we need to understand that the Olympics are an entirely a different ballgame and deserve extraordinary effort to win a medal,\" concluded Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15348710", "title": "Half Marathon on Sunday", "text": "GURGAON: The third Gurgaon Town and Country Half Marathon is being flagged off on Sunday at 5.30am at Sec 55 in Gurgaon and will go past IREO and into the Aravali's for a 7km loop and then head to Bandhwari village and return to the finish, which is also the start point.A total of 400 participants are sweating it out in this intense humidity and that too, at a time when any welcome rain, is unlikely, given the erratic monsoon so far. This primarily corporate crowd is definitely among one of the most enthusiastic among the running community for doing what they are doing. Make My Trip, Cargill, Yum Restaurants, Airtel , JWT, GSK, Maruti, WNS and several other companies have their employees participating. Over 10% of the participants are coming in from Mumbai and other cities outside of the NCR\"If you can run in this half marathon, you can do anything in life\" said Sumeet Virmani, a Gurgaon based business person, and that seems to sum up the reason why people are running. Max Health Care is providing the ambulance and medical care, while the Gurgaon traffic police will be there to manage traffic where required, Renu Rakheja, a professional photographer has come all the way from Bhopal to cover the event with another 2 team members and they will be offering the participants poster size snaps of 16\"x 24\" post the run -a big achievement definitely requires a BIG photograph.The half marathon is starting at 5.30 am and the 5km run is starting at 6am with the 10km run starting at 5.45am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15346379", "title": "Goa police anti-terror squad gets government nod", "text": "PANAJI: Admitting that Goa has emerged prominently on the al-Qaida and LeT terror network, the state cabinet on Tuesday approved the constitution of the Goa police anti-terror squad (ATS) and sanctioned 93 posts for it.The ATS proposal approved by the cabinet admits that Goa is on the international map of terrorist attacks as a possible target, in view of increasing volume of tourist arrivals from western European countries, US and Israel .A large number of Kashmiris have also permanently shifted to Goa for various business activities, the proposal notes. \"This provides conducive environment for terrorists to merge among the Kashmiri businessmen and take shelter,\" the proposal said. The proposal stated that Goa has become important due to the presence of foreign tourists, including Russians, Israelis, Afghanis, and that there is the possibility of increase in drug trafficking which may lead to arms trade, explosives and shelter to extremists.\"It is necessary to prevent Goa from such activities,\" the proposal said.The ATS approval came as the existing internal security and intelligence apparatus is not in a position to counter terrorist activities, such as sabotage, explosions, target killing, attacks on places of worship.After the Mumbai blasts, Goa police had, in December 2008, submitted a proposal to the government to set up the ATS. The government had sat on it till June 2011, after which they returned the proposal to the department seeking a fresh one.TOI had reported in May that the government had in principle approved the proposal of setting up an ATS. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had said the process would be competed within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346571", "title": "Queer monsoon puts ryots in a quandary", "text": "HYDERABAD: The drought situation in the state has seen a strange reversal this monsoon. The rain-fed areas, which are normally drought-prone in the kharif season, are flush with water due to adequate rainfall. However, it is the areas assured of irrigated water which are, for the first time, staring at a drought-like situation. Stating that this phenomenon was being witnessed for the first time in a decade, irrigation department officials have issued an advisory to farmers to go in for alternatives to paddy.The authorities have also told farmers who depend on borewells not to go in for paddy cultivation while ryots dependent on canal irrigation have been asked to choose either alternatives like maize or gram or those rice varieties which have a short gestation period.Farmers in the delta region are facing a strange situation wherein they may have to destroy their nurseries if they get over-aged or if water is available in the canals. Keeping the crisis in view, officials have advised farmers to use fertilizers sparingly.According to sources in the agriculture department , even though the water level has improved in the Somasila reservoir, it still is not sufficient for a kharif crop spread over 2 lakh acres.\"Showers in the past weeks did help narrow the monsoon deficit. However, the gap in the kharif acreage of crops such as rice and oilseeds has widened compared to last year,\" said V Nagi Reddy, principal secretary of the agriculture department. According to Nagi Reddy,He said that agricultural operations in the rain-fed areas are in full swing. \"Many crops sown earlier which suffered moisture stress due to the dry spell are recovering due to the subsequent rains,\" he said. But farmers in the areas assured of irrigation water need to go for alternative crops given the uncertainty in Karnataka's monsoon forecast, he said.The agriculture advisory was issued given poor inflows into tanks and reservoirs, like Almatti reservoirs in Karnataka which are the main sources of water for cultivation in Andhra Pradesh. Even though there have been encouraging inflows into Almatti over the last few days, official sources said there was no guarantee that the inflows it would continue.In Tungabhadra, the situation is much worse. Till date, live storage was just 1.031bn cubic feet (BCM) as against a capacity of 3.276BCM which is equal to only 31 per cent.Last year, the level stood at 85% of the capacity, as against 31% this year , with the average for the last 10 years being 67%. Simila rly, in Almatti, the current live storage is just 1.710BCM which is 55% of its live capacity at FRL of 3.105BCM compared to last year's 80% while the average for the past ten years stands at 75% of BCM.Sources find fault with the irrigation department for not coming out with an exact analysis of the situation for the benefit of farmers. \"The irrigation department has not issued any advisories for farmers regarding the water situation in the various reservoirs that farmers may decide whether to raise nurseries or weigh their options in other crops,\" a source said.Meanwhile, the districts of Visakhapatnam, Anantapur, Nizamabad and Nalgoda have still received deficit rainfall as on August 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15347004", "title": "Amausi's got terminal illness: Chaudhary Charan Singh", "text": "LUCKNOW: When Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh announced international status for Lucknow airport while inaugurating its new terminal building in May, little could he have imagined that the vital installation renamed after his father and former prime minister, Chaudhary Charan Singh, would turn out to be a damp, shabby place in just two months.Delayed by over three years and having faced a CBI enquiry into alleged anomalies in its construction and use of sub-standard material, the new terminal building, constructed at an estimated cost of nearly Rs 120 crore, is yet to meet the expectation of the visitors. TOI visited the terminal and spoke to some passengers to ascertain the follies that have actually dented the image of the much-touted gateway to Lucknow.Leaking roof: Constructed at a cost of Rs 120 crore, the roof of the new terminal building is leaking. On Friday, instead of the shine, it was the dampness that greeted visitors. Luckily, Airports Authority of India (AAI) officials strategically placed flowerpots beneath the leakages to spare passengers from the dripping water. A pool of water welcomed passengers at the corridor just outside the departure and arrival zone.Airport insiders said at times the conveyer belt at the check-in counter had to be covered with a polythene sheet to protect it from the water that drips from the roof during heavy rain. \"It is certainly strange to see this,\" said Sujeet Upadhyay, who arrived from Muscat. He said that while walking past the alley, he found water on the floor.Airport director Suresh Hota maintained that the leakages, if any, did not affect the passenger area. \"We have been attending to the complaints. Hope they will be solved in due course of time,\" he said.Unpolished floors: As if the leaking roof was not enough, passengers expressed their disappointment over the quality of the floor also. The sheen on the floor tiles, as expected in a new terminal, has been missing, raising a question mark on the quality of tiles. \"Yes, something that would make the terminal glow is missing,\" said Sapna Singh, who arrived from Dubai. \"One can see the tiles having different shades,\" she said. A senior official of a private airline too confirmed that some passengers were questioning them about the quality of the floor.Delayed delivery of luggage: Operated through the specially designed conveyor belts, the service is yet to match the expectations of passengers. Passengers complained of getting their luggage quite late. \"I waited for nearly half an hour before my luggage arrived,\" said Krishna, who arrived from Mumbai. \"The system is probably not taken care of properly,\" he said.AAI officials said the delay was because most of the airlines do not have a 'push back' (a trolley that aligns the stationed aircraft accordingly, so that luggage can be offloaded). \"The airlines have been asked to make the necessary arrangements so that the problem in luggage delivery system is addressed,\" an official said.Half occupied shops and unopened passenger facilities: The swanky shops that were supposed to have come up soon after the opening of the terminal building are yet to open. In fact, nearly half of them are yet to pull up their shutters, raising question if the terminal was thrown open to public use in a hush-hush way. Hota said that full occupancy of shops will take time, as the tenders are yet to be floated. \"One can't just hand over the shops on a pick and choose basis,\" he said. \"Once that is done, the airport will get the facilities that the airport aspires for,\" he said. The director claimed a host of services like a Spa and a high-end retail outlet, will come up shortly.Expecting To FlyNamed after Chaudhary Charan Singh, India's fifth Prime MinisterArea of the terminal: 20,000 square metresCost: Rs 120 croreConstruction started in 2008Construction agency: Brahmaputra ConstructionProposed cost: Rs 80 croreRunway: 2.7 kmParking bay area to house 22 aircraftAverage number of flights operating from the terminal is 30Will have the capacity to accommodate around 750 passengers at a given timeThe airport now has about 2.5 lakh fliers every yearLikely to witness 15-20% increase in passengers every year. The passenger traffic expected to cross 3 lakh by the end this financial yearParking capacity: 400 carsThe first floor has a lounge connected to two aerobridges, which enable passengers to walk straight into the aircraft", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kakinada", "code": "15346540", "title": "Auto driver beaten to death", "text": "KAKINADA: A heated argument over the parking of a vehicle which blocked the movement on the road resulted in the death of an auto driver here at Jagannadhapuram in the wee hours of Friday.Kotikalapudi Ramesh Naidu, 25, got into an argument with members of a marriage party whose van, parked opposite the mandap, was blocking the road.Six relatives of the bride physically assaulted the auto driver leaving him unconscious. The victim died on the way to the hospital. Four of the suspects were taken into custody by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "15346711", "title": "Man suspects foul play in son\u2019s drowning", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: A petty shopkeeper of Jawaharlal Road, Ajay Kumar Singh, has complained to the police here and to the CM house through a fax message on Friday that his son, Neelmani, who was a mechanical engineering student in Haryana Engineering College at Jagadiri under Yamunanagar district of Haryana, was forcibly taken to Yamuna canal by some boys of the same college from his hostel for taking a bath and was drowned in the canal due to personal enmity on July 15. Although the investigating officer (IO) and ASI of Budhiya police station of Haryana, Harpal Singh , claimed on Friday that Neelmani had gone to take a bath in Yamuna canal along with 11 other students and was drowned in the canal water and his body was recovered from Indri under Karnal PS five days later.He denied his father had made any allegation of forcible drowning of the boy. The IO informed that the body was sent for postmortem examination by him.Singh, on the other hand, claimed that when he reached the college along with his family members to receive his son's body, he was confined in the guest house near boy's hostel by college administration and was not allowed to talk to any of the students who had accompanied his son in an autorickshaw to the canal which is 10 km away from the college. He said the college administration handed him over the body of his son only when he signed a statement acknowledging that his son was drowned accidentally. The college administration gave him a bank cheque of Rs 2 lakh for this 'favour', he alleged.But, he alleged that later he was told by some village women of canal locality that his son was forcibly dragged to the canal as he was not ready to take bath in the swift current. Singh said his son did not know swimming at all. Only an investigation might reveal why he was drowned by his colleagues, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346478", "title": "Experts' committee on fee structure set up", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday constituted a committee of experts to find a way out of the professional college fee structure logjam. The committee which comprises nine members is expected to submit its report within five days. Members of the committee includes Prof P Jayaprakash Rao, chairman, AP State Council of Higher Education (APSCHE), K C Reddy, former chairman, APSCHE, J Raymond Peter, principal secretary, social welfare department, M G Gopal, principal secretary, higher and technical education, D Sambasiva Rao, principal secretary, finance, V Ramakistaiah, former VC, Osmania University, Prof U B Desai, director, IIT-Hyderabad and Prof Tulasi Ram Das, VC, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada. Interestingly, the government had appointed a cabinet subcommittee to study the fee structure and its impact on fee reimbursement scheme even last year. The members of the cabinet committee were ministers of the concerned portfolios.According to a press release issued by the chief minister's office, the committee of experts is expected to submit their report to the cabinet subcommittee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15346759", "title": "'Old drugs can be reused to treat other ailments'", "text": "WASHINGTON: If you thought 'recycle' and 'reuse' were only associated with paper, think again! Indian origin scientist Sivanesan Dakshanamurthy along with his colleagues is trying to explain how old approved drugs might be used to treat a different disease to avoid expenditure and wastage.With the cost bringing out a new drug in the market goes up to $1 billion, scientists have found out a technique for repurposing existing medicines, which could cut drug development costs and make new medicine available to patients faster.The findings published in American Chemical Society's Journal of Medicinal Chemistry says that scientists for long have known that drugs already approved for one disease might be effective for others.However, existing methods to identify new uses for old drugs lack accuracy and have other disadvantages.Dakshanamurthy's team developed a comprehensive new computer method called \"Train-Match-Fit-Streamline\" (TMFS) that uses 11 factors to quickly pair likely drugs and diseases. \"We anticipate that expanding our TMFS method to the more than 27,000 clinically active agents available worldwide across all targets will be most useful in repositioning of existing drugs for new therapeutic targets,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350032", "title": "Kristen banned from R-Patz's movie premiere", "text": "Kristen Stewart is not welcome at Robert Pattinson's August 13 New York City premiere of 'Cosmopolis.'According to Radar Online, security has been told to keep the 'Twilight' star, who admitted to hooking up with her 'Snow White and The Huntsman' director Rupert Sanders, away from the red carpet and after-party of Pattinson's first scheduled public appearance.\"The decision was made because Robert just doesn't want to see her. There were fears that she could use it as a chance to talk to him in person and that sort of drama is not wanted at the premiere,\" the New York Post quoted a source as telling the website.\"There's also the fact that if she did attend, it would distract from the film premiere itself and the movie bosses are not interested in that sort of publicity,\" the source said.Meanwhile, People magazine reported that Pattinson is \"heartbroken and angry, and sources tell the magazine that he's been drinking and relying on friends to deal with the pain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15346364", "title": "Deep pits along river banks a threat to people, ecology", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The deep pits along the banks of Meenachil River between Vadavathoor kadavu and Moscow Junction in Parambuzha have become a threat to the lives of people as well as the ecosystem. They were formed due to excessive sand mining.Some of these water-filled pits are so deep that even trained rescue teams find it difficult to operate here. A 15-year-old boy lost his life while learning to swim in one such pit on Thursday.\"Imagine a well inside a river. These pits are like that. Depth is uneven and there are deep pits inside these killer graves,\" said K P Seythu Mohammed, fire and safety officer. Dr Punnen Kurien Vengadeth, secretary, Tropical Institute of Ecological Sciences, said these pits had immediate as well as long time effects on the ecology. \"Depletion of ground water is the immediate effect - water level in nearby rivers and wells decreases. They also create geological imbalance in the long run. Landslides are a possibility in places near these large pits,\" he said.Though sand mining has been banned in the area, locals say mining flourishes at night. Workers are from other places. The sand mafia takes fields, which used to be cultivated, on lease and drains out sand. Several small boats can be seen anchored in these pits during day time. They are used for mining at night. This area falls under the Manarcad police station.On the sides of the road leading from Vadavathoor Ayyappa Temple to Moscow Junction, there are several such pits. Meanwhile, Valsamma Babu, the member of the ward in which most of these pits are found, said she hadn't so far received any complaint on this. \"I can act only if people complain. But nobody has complained about these pits yet,\" she said.Most of these pits were formed around 10 years ago after licences were granted for mining sand. There however, were many clauses in the agreement which the licencee was required to fulfil. Re-filling the land from where sand had been mined was the most important of these clauses. But most of the licencees did not bother to abide by the rules.These pits are now posing a threat to the Vadavathoor-Thembraval kadavu-Moscow Junction road project too. At some places on the route, the pits will have to be filled up to make the road; and in certain areas, the road will pass adjacent to the pits.A road along the river in Thazhathangady caving in is still fresh in people's mind: Loose mud was cited as the reason for this. Loose mud will be found at the base of all such pits as sand is mined till loose mud is found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15347554", "title": "Governor returns JSMDC file on coal block", "text": "RANCHI: The efforts of the Jharkhand State Mineral Development Corporation (JSMDC) to operate three blocks in a joint venture with private companies has one again run into rough weather as governor Syed Ahmed has declined to approve the proposal.The file which was cleared by the JSMDC board and sent to the governor for his approval in May was returned a few days ago with a suggestion that the proposal should first be approved by the cabinet.General manager of the JSMDC C Mishra confirmed that the file had been returned by the government for the cabinet's approval. However, he declined to say anything more on the matter.Sources said the governor returned the file after getting opinion on some clauses from the advocate general. \"Since the governor has a right to make suggestions, no one can raise question,\" said the source.An official in the state mines and geology department said the JSMDC was desperate to save three coal blocks of Rabodh, Patratu and Pindra Debipur containing high grade coking coal as there was a threat of de-allocation. The coal blocks were allotted more than five years ago but because of lack of adequate manpower the corporation did not make the mines operational.\"The corporation has been making efforts to save the blocks but time and again some hurdles crop up. Earlier, a board member raised objection at the time of bidding and the process landed in trouble. Now the governor has raised objection and this will further delay the process of making the mines operational,\" said the official.While the Rabodh block has reserve of 133 million tones, the estimate reserve of Patratu block is around 450 million tonnes. The estimated reserve of Pindra Debipur block has 62 million tonnes.The three coal blocks are to be handed over to three successful bidders - the Jindal Steel and Power Limited, Orissa Manganese and a consortium of Coal Engineering and AMR Construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346469", "title": "Cops look for man Neelima called last", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cyberabad police are trying to track down a person to whom the late Infosys employee B Neelima, who fell to her death from the Gachibowli campus of the IT firm last Tuesday night, had last made a telephone call at 9.30 pm that fateful night, in the hope of cracking the case. The person in question is inaccessible to the police and a hunt has been launched to nab him.It is learnt that the telephone number belongs to one Prasad, who hails from Visakhapatnam. Addressing a press conference on Friday, deputy commissioner of police (Madhapur Zone) T Yoganand said Neelima spoke to someone at 9.30 pm on the day of her death and that the police were trying to trace him to get more information about her death. The call to the person was made by Neelima and it lasted for a little over three minutes, he added.\"We could get the call details of Neelima's mobile phone but could not check the SMSs she shared before her death since her Samsung mobile got locked. Our officials are trying to unlock it. Till now, all we could conclude was that the unknown person is presently not in the city,'' Yoganand said. Apart from her phone records, the cops are also checking her email account for clues. The DCP said no arrest had been made in the case and that except for the security guard at the Infosys parking lot, who saw the body of Neelima fall and her husband B Suresh Reddy, no other person, including employees of the IT company or its management were questioned.Meanwhile, the Cyberabad police released a CD to the media that contained the video footage of Neelima's movements inside Infosys campus on the night of July 31. There were nearly six different frames in which her movements were caught from the time she entered the campus and walked in the corridors of the office. However, what transcribed at the multi-storied parking lot remains a mystery since there are no CCTV cameras there.Officials said that they were yet to get the preliminary forensic report from Gandhi Hospital, where the post-mortem was conducted on Neelima's body. Yoganand refused to comment when questioned whether it could be case of homicide or suicide. \"I can only say the cause of the death only after getting the final forensic report. If I express my personal opinion, it can influence the investigating officers,'' Yoganand said.Interestingly, a slip that had the name and phone numbers of her husband and mother Y Rani was found in the handbag of Neelima on the 10th floor of the parking lot. Meanwhile, Neelima was cremated on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15346958", "title": "BDA denies giving away land", "text": "BANGALORE: The BDA has denied that 53 acres of land has been given away to the BEML employees' housing society in the name of compensation.\"If BEML had bought the land from farmers after BDA's notification, it is illegal. As I know, BEML does not own the land where Arkavathy Layout is coming up,\" M R Hiremath, deputy commissioner (land acquisition) in the BDA, told TOI.But documents in TOI's possession say Munnagappa, title owner of survey numbers 17/1, 20/1, 20/3, 20/4, 20/5 and 21/1, is eligible to get 6,020.76 sq metres (20,049 sq feet) in Geddalahalli acquired for the formation of Arkavathy Layout.On the other hand, farmers say they won't let the BEML layout come up in their vicinity. \"We won't allow that layout to come up in the midst of Arkavathy Layout, for which we have given away land. It's true that many farmers who were afraid of notification and its complexities ended up selling their land to BDA,\" said Chandrashekar Gowda, a farmer from Thanisandra village who gave away 5 acres for the layout, and is awaiting compensation.\"It is sad that the farmers were given merely Rs 15 lakh for an acre of land that was notified by the BDA. Even in 2004, when it was bought by BEML, the land price was Rs 50 lakh per acre. Now, the price of land in these villages is Rs 4 crore an acre,\" said D S Gowda, president, Raitha Horata Samithi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15347825", "title": "IAS officer acquitted in fodder scam case", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court on Friday acquitted Sajal Chakravarty, a 1980 batch IAS officer, of his involvement in a case related to the multi-crore fodder scam, setting aside the judgment of a CBI special court.The CBI court had sentenced Chakravarty to four years' rigorous imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 3.5 lakh in July 2008, holding him guilty of facilitating fraudulent withdrawal of Rs 39 crore from the Chaibasa treasury and misusing his position as West Singhbhum deputy commissioner in connivance with other co-accsued in the scam.The court also found him guilty of receiving a laptop/computer and two printers as a reward for his role.Challenging the CBI court's order, Chakravarty filed an appeal with the Jharkhand high court in 2008 and prayed for segregating his appeal and hearing from the 63 other accused in the same case on medical grounds.In November 2011, the high court agreed to hear the case separately by invoking the \"doctrine of necessity\" and entertained his petition that said Chakravarty was supposed to undergo bariatric surgery for controlling his obesity in the US following which he would undergo a cardiac surgery.After hearing both sides, Justice R R Prasad of the high court reserved its order on March 1, 2012 which was pronounced on Friday.Justice RR Prasad said, \"The prosecution (CBI) never seems to have established that the appellant (Chakravorty) knowingly facilitated the other accused to draw money from the treasury and that the appellant had a nexus with the co-accused and he received the laptop/computer and two printers as a reward from one of the co-accused.In spite of that, the trial court did record the order of conviction and sentence and hence, it is hereby set aside. Consequently, the appellant is acquitted of all the charges levelled against him,\" the order read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15347321", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation to create website for tourists", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) will be developing a website to provide detailed information to tourists coming to the city for the forthcoming Kumbh Mela. The NMC is collecting data at present.The website will include information about the city, accommodation, conveyance etc. This will be in addition to the booklet that the NMC had published during the last Kumbh Mela. Chairman of NMC's standing committee Uddhav Nimse said that he had directed the public relations department to accumulate the data for the website, keeping in mind influx of foreign tourists during Kumbh Mela. \"The list of hotels according to their ratings, basic information about the city, its history, tourist spots, etc will be included in the website. Right from how a tourist can reach Nashik after alighting from the flight to all the description about Simhastha will be mentioned,\" said Nimse.He said that the dates of the Kumbh Mela, the important days during that period, etc.\"I have asked the PRO to compile the data and prepare a plan. It will take another month after which we will send it to the government for approval,\" he added.On asking if a booklet of all these information would be published like it was during the last Simhastha Kumbh Mela, he replied in the affirmative saying that the website would basically benefit foreign tourists and pilgrims and also those in different parts of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15347014", "title": "80% urbanites facing water scarcity, Gujarat tells Pawar", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The state government has told Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar that out of a total urban population of 2.57 crore in Gujarat, \"nearly 2 crore people, 80% of the urban population , are likely to face drinking water crisis\".Of this, 1.60 crore population belong to the eight municipal corporations, while the rest, around 40 lakh, to 69 municipalities, the state officials stated while making a presentation before Pawar and his team.The issue which needs to be urgently addressed is about drilling new tube wells, installation of additional hand pumps, laying connecting pipelines, and supply of water through tankers, the presentation said.Asking for Rs 287 crore for the municipal corporations and Rs 69 crore for municipalities for \"short-term measures\", the presentation also wanted the central team to make major relaxations to meet cost over-runs in water-related projects taken up under Urban Infrastructure Development Scheme for Small and Medium Towns and the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.In the long run, the requirement will be to the tune of Rs 1,802 crore, the presentation claimed. , adding that the amount is needed mainly for \"strengthening of sources of drinking water, laying of additional pipelines, installation of pumping machinery and augmentation of treatment capacity.\"Pawar, it is learnt, however, told the Gujarat government that his team was mandated to look into the requirements of the rural population alone. \"Urban areas should be taken care of by the state government,\" he was quoted as telling the state team led by chief minister Narendra Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15346299", "title": "'Mind management' programmes at Mapusa", "text": "St Mary's counseling and training centre (SMCTC), Mapusa, will be having a series of adult programmes every alternate Saturday starting August 4 from 8.30am to 11.30am on the topic 'Mind management and positive thinking'. For details call on 9923499875 or 9420686306.Solo singing contest in memory of Rajesh Khanna: In memory of the late cine star Rajesh Khanna, Margao Front will organize a Hindi male solo singing competition 'Kaun banega kaka ki awaz'. The competition is based on songs picturized on Rajesh Khanna only, and is open for contestants from Goa, Sindhudurg, Kolhapur, Belgaum and Karwar regions. The participants will have to sing two songs for the audition round (romantic and sad) to be held on August 15 at Vidya Bhuvan, Comba-Margao from 10.30am to 5.30pm. The mega final will be held on December 29 at Ravindra Bhavan open air auditorium, Margao, from 5pm onwards. The winner of the contest will be awarded Rs 25,000 and a trophy. Entry forms are available at Tato Restaurant and Kohinoor Opticians in Margao, Cafe Bhosle and Cafe Tato in Panaji , Babaji Cold Drinks in Mapusa and Cafe Bhosle in Ponda. Entries will also be accepted at the audition venue. For details, call on 9011652567, 9270599995 or 9922294345.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15346967", "title": "Former leader of Samajwadi Party sets self afire outside police station", "text": "LUCKNOW: Frustrated over police apathy, a former Samajwadi Party leader doused himself in kerosene and set himself ablaze outside the local police station in Firozabad accusing the police of not initiating action on his complaint against a local shopkeeper. Though the cops rushed to the victim's rescue and admitted him to a hospital with third degree burns, the irate relatives and supporters of the victim vent their ire on the police officer who took the victim to the hospital.This is the third incident of its type to have taken place this week. Earlier on Monday, ridiculed by a sub-inspector for trying to register a complaint against his neighbour, a youth tried to immolate himself within the police station premises in Saharanpur last Monday. The same day, a man consumed poison outside the office of the Ghaziabad district police chief accusing the police of harassment in a theft case. Both the victims had to be hospitalised and were said to be in a critical state till Friday afternoon.In the latest incident, Shabbu (26) - who was ones an active member of SP - had complained to the Ramgarh police station about a local meat seller who had threatened him for trying to raise his voice against some blatant flouting of laws regarding meat business. While the police allegedly sat on the complaint, the accused got a wind of Shabbu's plans and planned to take the latter to task for raising his voice.Irked over the police failure to act on his complaint, Shabbu went to the local police station on Friday, doused himself in kerosene and set himself ablaze. Watching Shabbu set himself on fire outside the police station, the men in khaki went into a tizzy.Additional superintendent of police Firozabad, Ratan Kant Pandey said he came to know about it all after Shabbu tried to commit suicide. \"We are looking into his complaint. Action will be initiated against the accused if any,\" he said. In-charge of the Ramgarh police station who has been accused of sitting on Shabbu's complaint for vested interests, however pleaded innocence. \"We have already registered an FIR on his complaint and investigations are underway,\" station officer in-charge of Ramgarh police senior sub-inspector Aqeel Ghazi said.Shabbu's friends on the other hand insisted that the FIR, if it has been lodged at all, must have been registered only after he tried to commit suicide. \"Why would anyone risk his life if the police had taken the complaint so seriously,\" said an associate of Shabbu. ASP Firozabad said that Shabbu's accusations against the police were being inquired into and action will follow soon.The Saharanpur incident took place when Saleem went to the local police station to lodge a complaint against his neighbour following a dispute. Allegations are that the SI on duty Data Ram not only ridiculed Saleem for bothering the police on trivial issues, but also threatened to put him behind bars if he insisted on lodging a complaint. Peeved over the police reaction, Saleem walked out of the police station and returned half an hour later requesting the cops to register his complaint. This allegedly irked the SI so much that he shooed Saleem out of the police station. Enraged over his humiliation, Saleem took out a bottle from the bag which he was carrying and poured kerosene on himself. Even before the cops could react, Saleem set himself on fire. The cops then tried to douse the flames but by the time they could, Saleem had suffered severe burns.In Ghaziabad, Satya Pal consumed poison outside the office of the SSP allegedly after the police refused to entertain his pleas of innocence in a case of burglary. Allegations are that Satya Pal worked with a doctor for the past several years. Recently the doctor found Rs 5 lakh in cash missing from his house and accused Satya Pal of stealing the money. Satya Pal was willing to face any inquiry before being formally arrested by the police. However when Satya Pal approached the police for help, the cops too joined his employer in chorus. This left Satya Pal so distressed that he consumed poison outside the office of the district police chief. He too has been admitted to the MMG district hospital and his condition was stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15344822", "title": "Medical varsity bars 25 paramedical, nursing colleges from admissions", "text": "CHENNAI: The state medical university has barred 25 private nursing and paramedical colleges from admitting students in 2012-13 after it found they did not have adequate infrastructure or faculty to handle the respective courses. These colleges will not be a part of the government's single window counseling for admissions that begins on Saturday.The Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University has barred 15 nursing colleges, eight pharmacy colleges, one college offering occupational therapy and another offering physiotherapy from admitting students.This means the selection committee has put out a seat matrix with at least 700 seats fewer in nursing, 400 in pharmacy and 50 each in occupational and physiotherapy. The committee, however, maintained that the exact number of cut in seats will be known only by Saturday morning.The decision was taken after the special affiliation sub-committee found that some colleges hadn't improved or rectified deficiencies since 2010. \"Some colleges have been showing us unfinished buildings for three years now. They weren't given affiliation last year, but they went ahead and admitted students. Many students were forced to study without spacious classrooms, libraries, laboratory or auditoriums. This year, we will not allow that,\" vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan said. It was also found that some colleges had forged the faculty list during inspections. For instance, the list provided by one nursing college was altered twice in 2011 during inspection.\"The first time they told us some faculty members were on leave. When we went back a couple of months later, they told us they had resigned. This time the names on the list was changes. We checked the payrolls and found faculty weren't paid salaries by cheque but in cash. So there was no way to track the actual number of faculty on their rolls,\" said assistant registrar (affiliation) G Vijaya.This year, 14,000 students applied for six paramedical courses offered in the state \u2014 BSc nursing, B Pharm, BPT (physiotherapy), BOT (occupational therapy), radio technician and radio diagnostic. Counselling will begin on at 9am on Saturday at the Kilpauk Medical College campus. \"We will delete the seats from 25 colleges from the matrix,\" said selection committee secretary RG Sukumaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15344855", "title": "Schools, private operators to hike transport fees", "text": "CHENNAI: Parents will soon have to shell out more to send their children to school as educational institutions and private vehicle operators are mulling an increase in transportation charges to meet safety standards.The move comes after the authorities started cracking the whip on them following the death of six-year-old Shruthi Sethumadhavan of Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School in an accident involving a school bus last week.Chettinad Vidyashram in RA Puram is considering doubling the transportation charges to add more buses to their fleet. Parents of students travelling in the school buses were called in for a briefing session on Friday and were informed about the hike. The charges could go up by anywhere between 4,000 and 6,000 a term.\"Safety is uppermost on our mind. So if the school has taken a decision to make travel safer for my child, I don't mind paying more,\" said a parent. Private van operators, who are now being closely watched by police to check if they meet safety norms, said they were planning to undertake several safety measures like arranging seat belts for children, lowering the seat, taking only the right number of children as prescribed by the state and painting the vehicles yellow.\"We haven't communicated anything to parents as yet, but we don't have a choice. We will have to increase the fares if we have to meet the safety standards. We are waiting for the court to inform us of the seating arrangement and safety measures to be taken next week. We will decide after that,\" said K Raghu, district secretary of the Tamil Nadu School Van Drivers' Association.Vijayan seeks bail: Meanwhile, the arrested correspondent of Zion School, N Vijayan, has approached the Madras high court for bail. Justice M M Sundresh, before whom the bail pleas of Vijayan and the suspended motor vehicle inspector P Rajendran came up for hearing on Friday, has directed the government to file its reply by Monday.Crackdown continuesMotor vehicle inspectors worked in coordination with traffic police to crack down on unfit autorickshaws, share autos and maxi cabs. On Friday, 1,018 educational institutional vehicles were checked. \"Of this, 169 were chargesheeted. About 107 vehicles were found to be overloaded. At least 13 vehicles did not have fitness certificates or the required permit,\" said a transport department official. Police say booking cases has become easier thanks to the presence of a motor vehicles inspector as they can book the vehicles if they are unfit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15346986", "title": "Belgaum bus station to get Rs 30-cr makeover", "text": "BELGAUM: The central bus station in belgaum will soon get a rs 30 crore makeover. The Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation is all set to construct a new central bus stand-cum-city bus terminal - under a single roof. If everything goes well, the work will commence in another six months' time.\"Since the present bus stand is over-congested, we sought a loan from Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation. We will utilize all the seven acres of land to set up the new terminal. The central bus station workshop has already been shifted to Autonagar. A detail project is getting ready and it will be finalized in a month,\" said Shankar, assistant executive engineer, KSRTC, Hubli.The current central bus station is plagued by several issues starting from water-logging to sewage overflow to potholes. It is undoubtedly one of the most badly managed bus stations in the state. Poor upkeep of public toilets and waiting area gives passengers a harrowing time.When it rains, there is no choice for commuters but to wade through the filthy water to board a bus. Lack of adequate lighting and free movement of anti-social elements in the night are also posing difficulties to the commuters. \"Bus stations invariably represent the town. If the place is not kept tidy, it'll put off those who are visiting the town for the first time. The terminal should be maintained as a model bus station,\" said S Vasu, a passenger who had come from Bhadravathi.Hegde, divisional controller of KSRTC, Belgaum, who took charge recently, has assured to look into the issues and take up minor repairs at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350279", "title": "Anil Kapoor\u2019s 24 turns trendy", "text": "Anil Kapoor is leaving no stone unturned to make sure that the desi version of the globally feted American series 24 turns out to be favourably comparable with the original.He has not only signed on three eminent Bollywood writer, recently he flew one of the original writers of 24 , Patrick Harbinson for brainstorming sessions with the writers of the desi 24. Confirming these developments Rensil d'Silva breaking his silence , said, \"Yes, Patrick was here to collaborate with us on 24 . It's not easy to adapt such an internationally-acclaimed thriller into an Indian context. We had to re-invent the original 24 ,adapt it to an Indian context more suited to Anil Kapoor than Keifer Sutherland who plays the role in the original serial. Each episode has to have its own rhythm and dynamics but every episode has to be worked on within the larger context because Episode 2 might have a link with Episode 22. It's hard work, very challenging but very satisfying.\"Besides Rensil, there are two other writers on board. Says Rensil, \"There are Bhavani Iyer and Priya Pinto also writing along with me.And Abhinay Deo is directing all the episodes.Television is a new medium for me. It's taken up quite a lot of my time.\"Besides 24 for Anil Kapoor on television Rensil has also been busy scripting Karan Johar's Student Of The Year which incidentally stars Varun Dhawan for whose dad David, Rensil scripted the aborted John Abraham starrer Hook Ya Crook .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15347806", "title": "DGCA should have dedicated vigilance officer, says CVC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), the aviation regulator plagued by rampant corruption and malpractices, should have a dedicated chief vigilance officer, the Central Vigilance Commission told the ministry of civil aviation a few days ago. CVC also decried the ministry's decision to appoint an IAS officer as both the chief vigilance officer (CVO) of DGCA as well as the chief executive of Pawan Hans.In the wake of CVC objection, the ministry moved out the IAS officer from DGCA last week, leaving the aviation regulator without a vigilance officer, when almost two dozen of its senior officials are facing disciplinary proceedings.According to sources, CVC wrote a few days ago to the ministry objecting to the fact that Anil Srivastava, IAS, who is the CMD of Pawan Hans, was also acting as the CVO of DGCA. \"An operator (Pawan Hans) cannot also look after the vigilance function for the regulatory body,\" a source said, quoting CVC.Another source pointed out that the ministry's decision to appoint Srivastava as CVO of DGCA was bizarre also because he handled administration and financial matters of DGCA, as joint DG.In the wake of the CVC observations, the ministry moved out Srivastava from DGCA last week, leaving the regulator with a defunct vigilance department.CVC has also been writing to the ministry repeatedly about the need to have a dedicated CVO for DGCA, sources said. The last time DGCA had a CVO was when Samir Sahai, the CVO of Pawan Hans, was also given the concurrent charge of vigilance in DGCA in May 2011.Sahai, along with the last DGCA Bharat Bhushan, struck down on several malpractices, recommending a series of disciplinary actions against many DGCA officials. Sahai was divested of the DGCA charge abruptly. Later, the ministry also moved out Bhushan as DGCA despite the Cabinet Committee on Appointments extending his tenure.At least 21 senior DGCA officials are facing vigilance inquiry of various kinds. CVC has recommended major penalty, which could include dismissal from government, against eight of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15349274", "title": "Trai: Forward SMS to punish telemarketers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tired of pesky text messages? Forwarding it to a designated number is all it will take to initiate action against the telemarketer, according to a proposal by the telecom regulator on Friday, which included a hefty penalty on unregistered telemarketers as well.In a consultation paper, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) has suggested that unregistered telemarketers sending unsolicited commercial communication be charged Rs 500 per message. After 10 such instances, the marketer's phone connection will be disconnected.All that mobile users are required to do is forward the unwanted message to a dedicated number - 1909 - and action will be initiated against the errant SMS sender. Web and email-based complaint registration is also on the anvil.The plan is to get access providers to put in place a system that blocks the delivery of unsolicited SMSs that carry similar signatures and come from a number that sends more than a specified number of messages every hour. Even banks or travel portals that send messages related to transactions would now have to hire registered telemarketers, the regulator suggested.In recent months, mobile users have seen a resurgence in messages from real estate agents, travel agents and even those offering to send bulk SMSs, which Trai said came from unregistered telemarketers who used 10-digit numbers.One of the reasons behind the surge, a senior officer in the regulator agency said, was the high court order lifting the ceiling of 200 text messages a day, a decision which the regulator has decided to appeal against in the Supreme Court. \"While everyone has a right to free speech, no one has a right to encroach upon anyone's privacy and time,\" the official said.Although the regulator and the government have moved from a system of Do-Not-Call register a few years ago, it was revamped last September with mobile users given the option to register to fully block or partially block pesky messages. Besides, only registered telemarketers could call.While the messages did stop, they resumed within a few days as marketers discovered a loophole and started routing messages from other countries. The Trai official, however, said the regulator had plugged the gap, referred to as modem farming, as it had asked service providers to scrub bulk messages coming from foreign shores.Through the fresh consultation paper, which may be accepted in its present form after receiving comments, the regulator is trying to focus its attention on domestic source of the pesky messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346889", "title": "Arsenic test now a must for housing projects", "text": "KOLKATA: After decades of denial, Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) is going all out to tackle the arsenic threat. It will be now mandatory for promoters in certain parts of the city to get groundwater tested for arsenic before they can submit building plans. If the test comes positive, KMC will not allow the project to go ahead.The rule applies to housing projects on EM Bypass and added areas such as Dum Dum, Cossipore, Behala, Jadavpur and parts of Tollygunge. It was the discovery of arsenic in hand-pumps on Ghulam Mohammed Shah Road and Prince Anwar Shah Road that KMC to take this unprecedented measure.A 14-member task force was formed on Friday to tackle the threat in areas where residents still depend on tube-wells. The team will meet once a month, said Tarak Singh, the mayoral council member in charge of groundwater.According to the new rules, a promoter will have to apply to the state water investigation directorate (SWID) to have the groundwater tested at the proposed construction site before he can apply for building plan sanction. If the test gives the all-clear, the KMC will begin processing the application. \"If the directorate gives a no-objection certificate to the promoter after examining the groundwater, we will refer it to the building department for approval,\" Singh said.KMC has decided to conduct periodic checks on all 16,000 hand pumps across the city but water supply officials are particularly worried about the arsenic threat in 9,020 privately owned deep tube-wells. There are 439 other deep tube-wells that have the KMC's stamp. \"We had no control over the installation of such tube-wells or the quality of groundwater. Now, we want to bring all the tube-wells, including the private ones, under our terms and conditions. We will conduct periodic examination of groundwater at these places. If arsenic is found at any such tube-well, we will seal it immediately,\" the MMiC said.However, KMC is yet to seal the tube-well at Ashalata Apartment at Bikramgarh, where arsenic was found well beyond the permissible limits in separate tests conducted by KMC, SWID and the Pollution Control Board. The KMC water supply department will also charge the promoters for installation of deep tube wells, a civic official said.Among those who attended the meeting on Friday were K J Nath, former director of All India Institute of Public Health and Hygiene, PCB chief engineer Tapas Gupta, PHE chief engineer Satya Deb Bhattacharya, G C Pati, regional director of Central Ground Water Board, and S Das, a scientist of the water investigation directorate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15346998", "title": "School buses have to fend for themselves", "text": "BANGALORE: Lakshmi S, the parent of a 10-year-old child, remembers how during a trip to the US, her car stopped a hundred metres from a school bus and waited patiently for it to move on. Back in Bangalore, her heart misses a beat every time she sees other vehicles rashly overtaking the bus ferrying her daughter.It took the Supreme Court to tell governments that all school buses must be painted yellow to distinguish them from other vehicles. Schools complied, but there's no change in the mindset of other motorists who care a hoot for school buses ferrying children.Around 7.30am weekdays, you'll be shocked to see the scant respect other vehicles have for school buses. In the thin traffic, most vehicles tend to overspeed, jump signals, change lanes, overtake and get away with violations, making things difficult for school buses which stop frequently to pick up kids.Safir Khan, a school bus driver for the past 10 years, said it's very stressful to drive in Bangalore. \"No one gives a thought to school buses and it's worse in places like Outer Ring Road. When I stop the bus to pick up or drop a child, other vehicles behind start honking. Two-wheelers and autos start overtaking from both sides. There should be separate lanes for school buses,\" he said.Another driver, Pradeep Kumar of Ebenezer International School, said: \"Our buses have speed governors. We also have conductors and school teachers accompany children. Most private vehicles give us enough space but not BMTC buses. These drivers overspeed and try to overtake us.\"Agrees Syed Mujahid, transport in-charge, Cambridge Public School, \"BMTC buses stop abruptly without any indication. This could cause a serious accident some day.\"\"Members of the public should care for school children. What's the point of painting buses yellow when nobody even bothers to give them space?\" asked Vandana Arora, a DPS teacher who accompanies children in school buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15348357", "title": "HC lets off girl who killed dad for rape attempt", "text": "CHENNAI: Aged all of 19, Anusha (name changed) has seen it all in life. She lost her mother five years ago, and last year she murdered her father when he attempted to rape and kill her.Arrested, she spent 40 days in jail. Now, the Madras high court, taking note of the circumstances under which she committed the murder, has quashed the case against her and set her at liberty.Delivering the judgment on Wednesday, Justice S Nagamuthu said when a girl is put in a situation where she is about to be raped by her father, she would use any weapon available in an attempt to protect her modesty. \"That is what she has done in this case,\" the judge said. Anusha will now resume her BSc computer science course near the city.On May 17, 2011, when Anusha was alone at her home in Mangadu, on the outskirts of Chennai, after her brother left for work, she was shocked to find her drunk father making sexual overtures to her. When she pleaded with him not to harm her and resisted his advances, he picked up a knife and attempted to kill her. She reached for a knife and stabbed him in the stomach thrice. He died on the spot. She then called her brother and informed him.She was arrested and remanded in judicial custody . Though she spent 40 days in jail, Anusha did not discontinue her education. Mangadu inspector of police M Azhagu, who investigated the case, concluded that she committed the offence in self-defence . The girl approached the high court, seeking to the quash the case against her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345005", "title": "Shinde to lead Congress in Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday nominated home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde as leader of the House in Lok Sabha in place of former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee .The rules governing the appointment of the leader of the House in Lok Sabha clearly state the position can be held only by a minister if the prime minister is not a member of the lower chamber -- a stipulation that would have ruled out Rahul Gandhi unless he became a minister.The decision to appoint Shinde is on expected lines and comes ahead of Parliament's monsoon session and has been taken keeping in view Shinde's ability to get along with political leaders in the opposition camp. His affable manner is seen to be an asset in networking.The appointment marks another promotion for Shinde who was recently made home minister amid criticism of his handling of the power portfolio in the wake of two days of massive outages affecting several states.Finance minister P Chidambaram and oil minister Jaipal Reddy were other ministers whose names were discussed in media reports. Chidambaram has the seniority for the job but the leadership might have been influenced by the need to allow the minister to concentrate on the economy as well as his strained relations with the opposition.A file containing the PM's decision was received on Friday afternoon and parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal is expected to communicate Shinde's appointment to Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345498", "title": "Supreme Court relief for civic poll aspirant", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court granted relief to BJP candidate Rita Shah for the election to the Mira Bhayandar Municipal Corporation. The apex court directed the returning officer for ward 18A to retain Shah's name as a Bharatiya Janata Partycandidate in the August 12 election. The SC said the results of that ward should not be declared till the final order is passed in her appeal against an HC order. Her lawyers, J Bhatia, R Narvekar and her counsel Shyam Diwan, said the HC was wrong in rejecting her writ on the grounds that she could file an election petition later.Her nomination was rejected on the grounds that she did not hold a valid caste certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346499", "title": "Man arrested with pistol", "text": "HYDERABAD: A person was arrested by Task Force sleuths from Moosarambagh on Thursday evening for possessing an unlicensed US-make pistol.City police said in a news release that K Pallam Raju of Adoni, Kurnool, had come to Hyderabad with Sheik Babu of Kadapa, the actual owner of the pistol. \"Babu sought Raju's help in selling the pistol and two days ago both came to Hyderabad. When both came to Green Bawarchi hotel, Moosarambagh, Raju was nabbed with the pistol while Babu escaped after seeing cops,\" additional DCP Suhas Chaturvedi said in the release.Meanwhile, two persons who were arrested with a huge haul of marijuana in 2011 were on Friday convicted for the offence and awarded 10 years imprisonment by the metropolitan sessions judge at Nampally criminal court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344402", "title": "Striking work in Maharashtra could land you in jail", "text": "MUMBAI: Instigating, financing or even participating in an illegal strike could land a person in jail in Maharashtra. If convicted, any person engaged in an essential or public service who supports a strike will face a prison term of up to one year, or be slapped with a fine of up to Rs 2,000, or both. The police can arrest offenders without a warrant and the offence has been made non-bailable. In other words, those booked in an illegal strike case will have to move court to get bail.A notification to this effect came into force on Friday, following a presidential nod to amendments in the Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act, 2011 ( MESMA). The state legislative assembly had sought approval for the amendments to the Act after they were cleared during the winter session in Nagpur last December.\"If striking employees in any sector (be it public, private or unorganized) are to adversely impact public life and the concerned establishment notifies the strike as illegal, then the employees refusing to work can be booked under the amended Essential Services Act,\" said P S Meena, additional chief secretary, general administration department.According to the amendments, an essential service includes public transport such as autorickshaws, taxis and school buses, or individuals employed in hospitals, government, semi-government establishments, high court employees, civic staff, teaching staff, or even those engaged in the supply of milk, water, gas and electricity.The amendment has not gone down well with unions. A state gazetted office-bearer in Mantralaya said that strikes are a way of protest. \"We do not like to trouble citizens. But by banning strikes, sometimes the only resort to air grievances, the government has taken an anti-worker stand.\"Even BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis, while participating in the legislative assembly debate in 2011, had raised queries over the blanket ban on strikes. He had raised concerns that the Act might be \"misused\" against those protesting in a rightful manner to meet their demands.Refuting the allegations, a Mantralaya official said, \"We are not against the rights of any person. The objective of introducing the amendment is to save citizens various hassles during strikes.\"The official added that the amendments made in Maharashtra to the Act are \"less stringent\" than the rules that exist in Tamil Nadu. According to the Tamil Nadu Essential Services Act, those indulging in an illegal strike invite conviction and punishment with imprisonment up to three years and/or a fine of up to Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15346307", "title": "Kerala high court judge recuses from TP Chandrasekharan, Shukkoor murder cases", "text": "KOCHI: Justice N K Balakrishnan, who has been hearing the bail applications filed at the Kerala high court by CPM leaders accused in the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan and Muslim League activist Abdul Shukkoor, recused himself from considering the petitions on Friday.The judge announced his decision to not hear the cases when the bail plea of R S Sanal Kumar, the BSNL officer accused of leaking phone call details of the investigating officer in the TP murder case, came up for hearing during the afternoon session.Justice Balakrishnan's decision follows the allegation levelled by CPM leader M V Jayarajan that the judge had practised in the office of a lawyer who is a member of the KPCC executive committee. An article that appeared in a newspaper on Friday cited Jayarajan as saying that the judge had practised as a junior lawyer at the office of C K Sreedharan, a special public prosecutor in the Shukkoor murder case as well as a KPCC executive committee member.M V Jayarajan alleged that this showed how deep the conspiracy to deny bail to CPM's Kannur district secretary P Jayarajan was.P Jayarajan was arrested on Wednesday for his alleged role in the murder of Muslim League activist Shukkoor in February. He is the 38th accused in the case and has been booked for concealing design to commit the murder.M V Jayarajan had also questioned the appointment of the special public prosecutor. According to him the move was unusual as the appointment had taken place before the trial started. CPM central committee member P K Sreemathi had alleged that appointment of the prosecutor was the political-legal quotation handed out by chief minister Oommen Chandy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15347297", "title": "Joining hands to drive home significance of breastfeeding", "text": "LUDHIANA: Having breast-fed both her children\u2014 Teekshan, 4, and Eeksha, who is 21-month-old\u2014 Priyanka Jain of Sarabha Nagar is ready to motivate other mothers to breastfeed, as she has become a part of the breastfeeding support group formed by a city-based hospital. The initiative has been taken by the hospital to observe the Breastfeeding Week (August 1-7). Priyanka is one among the 10 mothers who have volunteered to be a part of the support group, which will include doctors and specially trained lactation mothers as well. She says, \"Mother's milk is the best nutrition an infant can get as it plays a vital role in developing child's immunity. So, I ensured to breastfeed both my kids, in order to let them have better immunity.\" Another volunteering mother from Tagore Nagar Shivani Garg says, \"I am supporting this cause because I want new mothers to know the benefits of breastfeeding. Before we interact with the new mothers, the hospital will train us, so that we can play our part effectively.\" Priyanka adds, \"I had no second thoughts about participating in this when the hospital authorities discussed the idea. I will try my best to create awareness and motivate new mothers to breastfeed their infants.\" Dr Vaneet Kaur, a consultant from department of obstetrics and gynaecology of the same hospital, says, \"During this international breastfeeding week, we will train the 10 volunteering mothers and educate them about their role.\" These mothers would then interact with new mothers on August 25. \"During the day, these volunteers of the support group will be available over the phone, so that they can counsel new mothers whenever they need help,\" said Dr Kaur. Some of the new mothers will be incorporated in the support group after six months, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15347029", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad civic polls a prestige issue for BJP", "text": "HUBLI: After Jagadish Shettar becoming chief minister, the first election in his assembly constituency will be held on Sunday. By-election for ward no. 47 of Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) will see two national parties and one regional party vying for the corporator's post, which lay vacant after the demise of Ashok Jadhav.Ashok Jadhav's wife Smitha has filed her nomination from the BJP, with a hope to regain her husband's post. Also in the race are Fattesha Yaragatti (JDS) and Lloyd Gladwin Anthonio (Congress).The bypoll is an acid test for BJP, which it needs to come through so as to keep the momentum alive for the forthcoming corporation elections in March 2013. Also since it is being held in the CM's assembly constituency, the challenge is bigger for the ruling party.Mayor Pandurang Patil and BJP office bearers are trying hard to make things work in the party's favour. Congress and JD(S) are playing the minority card by fielding Christian and Muslim candidates respectively. Former ministers A M Hindasgeri (Congress) and Basavaraj Horatti (JDS) are working out strategies to make their candidates win.Results on August 8 Around 9,239 voters will seal the fate of the contestants at the polling to be held on Sunday. Counting will be held on August 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15345826", "title": "Maoist leaders engage in open mud slinging", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Is the once well-knit Maoist outfit in southern Odisha showing signs of falling apart? At least two Red posters found in Gajapati and Kandhamal districts recently point at such a possibility. A Maoist leader has accused another of antiparty activities in these posters.The two posters were seized by police from Kandhamal and Gajapati districts, where Pradeep, the secretary of the Bansadhara division of the Maoists' state unit, has called Nikhil, another Maoist leader and a former associate of Sabyasachi Panda, a \"police agent\" and accused him of indulging in anti-Maoist activities.\"We found a hand-written poster near the residence of the Baliguda sub-collector on Thursday. Beside appealing to people for co-operation during martyrs' week, it also called in question Nikhil's role in the party,\" said IIC-Baliguda R N Barik.The poster was signed by Pradeep. After accusing Nikhil of working against the party's interest, it said Nikhil's fate would be decided in praja court. A similar poster was also found in Paralakhemundi in Gajapati district, police said.Significantly, Nikhil, claiming to be the secretary of the Bansadhara division, had levelled some serious allegations against Sabyasachi Panda and Pradeep a year ago. The Bansadhara division operates in Ganjam, Gajapati, Kandhamal and Rayagada districts of southern Odisha.\"It appears that cracks have appeared in the Maoist organization,\" a senior police officer said. Exploitation of female cadres, opposing development works in tribal areas and above all harassing innocent people have been the major areas of difference between Red leaders.Meanwhile, the martyrs' week, which was being observed by the Maoists to pay homage to their slain cadres, ended on Friday in the southern Odisha districts, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15347675", "title": "Axed Pak officer won\u2019t stop service", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's former deputy attorney general Khurshid Khan has vowed to \"fully volunteer'' himself to sevadari' (voluntary service) at Hindu and Sikh shrines across the world two days after he was sacked over it.\"I am happy that I have become a free man. I will travel all over the world to do seva. I am thankful to authorities, who have spared me from an 8am to 5pm hectic job,\" Khan, who had recently hit headlines after he polished shoes at temples in India, told TOI on Friday.Khan first performed seva at gurdwaras in Peshawar as a mark of solidarity with the Sikh community after Taliban killed one of its members in 2010. He performed similar community service at the Golden Temple and other places of worship during his visit to India along with a delegation of Pakistan Supreme Court Bar Association.He said extremists could be reformed by involving them in community service. \"I was taking too much insulin for 10 years to lower my blood sugar level. Since I started seva, I gradually got rid of it and have not taken insulin for the last three years.''He said extremist threats do not bother him and that he is not afraid of death and had even selected a place for his grave. Khan said he plans to work for world peace besides promoting inter-faith harmony in the subcontinent.He said he would visit Vatican City to do 'seva' for Pope Benedict XVI and seek his help in releasing Aafia Siddiqui , a Pakistani national jailed in the US on terror charges. \"Her release will soften the image of US among our religious zealots and will pave way for harmony.\"The former law officer said he would apologize to the US about the misdeeds of few Muslim fanatics on the eve of 9/11 anniversary this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15347784", "title": "Caste, gender biases blight mid-day meal scheme in four states", "text": "NEW DELHI: The flagship Mid-Day Meal scheme in Rajasthan, Orissa, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh is afflicted with largescale caste and gender-based discrimination. Waking up to a series of reports of discrimination, the HRD ministry has decided to send central teams to specific districts in the four states from where such reports have come.While the discrimination was gender-based in Karnataka's Chamarajanagar, Haveri and Uttara Kannada, it was both gender and caste-based in Orissa's Kandhamal and Boudh.The maximum discrimination has been reported from Rajasthan where HRD ministry's monitoring agency found that in Karauli, upper caste children were not sharing mid-day meals with lower caste children. In Dausa, Scheduled Caste children were made to sit separately and eat mid-day meals. In Sirohi, children belonging to minority community were eating food separately. \"The teacher should not have allowed such communalization in MDM,\" monitoring agency Shiv Charan Mathur Social Policy Research Institute said.The situation was far worse in Dungarpur. Monitoring agency Institute of Development Studies said 85% school children were found sitting in caste groups. A similar story of caste segregation was found in Jaisalmer. Additionally, in urban areas of Jaisalmer, upper caste children refused to eat food with dalit children.In Pali, 57.5% school children were sitting in caste groups and it was also found that in 10% schools, only upper caste children served the mid-day meal. Gender discrimination could be seen in 12.5% schools as girls were made to serve the food.In MP's Narsinghpur, the monitoring agency found that in 17.5% schools, upper caste children did not eat mid-day meal as cooks were of lower castes. Monitoring agency MP Institute of Social Science Research, Ujjain, reported untouchability within school premises in schools of Betul as well as Satna, Chhindwara, Burhanpur, Balaghat, Shivpuri, Narshingpur and Hoshangabad.In Satna, upper caste, SC and OBC children sat separately. In Panna, food to dalit children was served from a distance. Children of one social group were even getting their own plates from home to avoid mix-up. In Hoshangabad, girls of higher castes sat separately from lower caste girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346602", "title": "Bihar government worried over fall in attendance in primary schools", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Friday expressed deep concern over the declining attendance in primary schools of Bihar. Education minister P K Shahi said in the state legislative council that attendance in some schools has come down to 50%.Replying to a question of Basudeo Singh (CPM), the minister said in some schools the attendance was less than 50%. Despite huge investment in the education sector, with budgetary allocation being 13% of the total plan outlay, the government has not been able to achieve the target of attendance. He admitted that progress in the education sector was slow. \"We don't have any magic wand to make improvements overnight. It will take time,\" he said.The minister said in each block there were at least 150-200 primary schools. \"We have directed our officials to make frequent visits to these schools. Each official will have to visit schools for at least four days in a week for proper monitoring,\" the minister said.In order to improve the quality of education, he said, a 20-point monitoring parameter has been prepared. He also said a large number of teachers would be appointed latest by the year-end. In another reply, Shahi said the Centre has okayed a proposal to set up 368 model schools in backward blocks of the state under a centrally-sponsored project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15345021", "title": "Ex-RSS chief Sudarshan goes missing for 5 hours", "text": "MYSORE: Five hours of tension ended in relief when former RSS chief KS Sudarshan, who went missing at the crack of dawn on Friday, reached home safely just before noon.Apparently, Sudarshan had lost his way after he got thirsty and tired during his morning walk and went looking for water. A homemaker and took care of Sudarshan for a few hours.Sudarshan, who went on his usual morning walk from his brother's house in Century Park, a gated community, stepped out at 5.25am, according to the watchman. However, instead of returning home at the usual 9am, he ended up in Naidunagar, where Hemavathy and son Ashok live, around six km from Century Park. The former RSS chief was apparently tired and thirsty when he reached a masjid in Naidunagar, where he decided to rest awhile near Hemavathy's house. He saw Ashok who had emerged from the house to get his clothes ironed, and asked him for water.Ashok, who works for a courier company, said, \"I was surprised when the old man, who appeared very tired, said in Hindi, \"Sust ho gaya hoon, peene ke liye thoda pani chahiye (I am tired and want some water to drink).\" I asked him to sit inside my home and gave him a glass of water. I had no idea that he was a former RSS chief.\"When Hemavathy offered Sudarshan breakfast, he refused, saying he would not eat anything without a bath. \"But we gave him buttermilk and asked him to sleep for a while,\" Ashok added. After relaxing for a few minutes, Sudarshan said he had forgotten the way to his house, which he said was near a mall.It was at 10.45am that Hemavathy saw Sudarshan's photograph being flashed by a Kannada news channel and realized that the man in her house was the RSS leader. They reported the matter to the police. City police commissioner KL Sudheer rushed to Ashok's house and escorted Sudarshan back to his brother Ramesh's house, where scores of RSS and BJP leaders were waiting anxiously to welcome him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346566", "title": "Use of technology for value education urged", "text": "PATNA: \"Technology should be used meaningfully for value education, without misusing it in any way,\" said Archbishop Fr William D'Souza (SJ) while addressing the 25th regional conference of the Association of Schools for the Indian School Certificate (ASISC), Bihar and Jharkhand, which kicked off on Friday with the theme \"Technology in education and value system\".The programme was inaugurated by Amarjeet Sinha, principal secretary, education, who was the chief guest. Fr D'Souza graced the occasion as the guest of honour.Amarjeet Sinha greeted the gathering of school administrators and shared anecdotes from his school life. \"School is an institution to maximize human potential.\" Elucidating on the theme of the meeting, he added, \"No technology can bridge the human gap\" and assured all government support to ensure development of children.Fr D'Souza congratulated the association on its silver jubilee and said, \"Principals should always be ready for any eventuality.\" He said, \"The topic of discussion is very pertinent as there has always been a debate regarding the system of education,\" adding \"The prime role of education is to pave way for demanding and highly specialized careers, but it also aims to broaden the students' perspectives.\"Mary Alphonsa, zonal coordinator, ASISC, and principal, Don Bosco Academy, Patna, welcomed the guests, saying, \"It is a privilege to host the event in its 25th year. The association was founded in April 1987 and has grown from strength to strength. The future of our children will depend on our vision.\"Earlier, the day started with a prayer song by the students of Don Bosco Academy, invoking the Almighty's blessings for a fruitful day. It was followed by a welcome dance by the girls of Mount Carmel High School, Patna.Other distinguished guests on the first day of the two-day event were chairman, Indian Schools Certificate Examination, New Delhi, Rev Jose Aikara, founder-secretary of the association A G de Rozario, founder member Fr Hilary Lobo, ASISC secretary Christopher Francis and principals of various ICSE/ISC schools of Bihar and Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345277", "title": "End step-motherly treatment, say district officials", "text": "NAGPUR: The recognized district associations of the Vidarbha Cricket Association (VCA) have expressed their unhappiness towards the step-motherly treatment being meted out to them. Some members who TOI spoke to feel they don't get the same facilities as compared to Nagpur clubs, and that is affecting the growth of the game in the region.While most officials sought anonymity, the secretary of the Khamgaon-based Buldhana District Amateur Cricket Association (BDACA), Chadrakant Salunkhe has spoken out against the ban VCA has imposed on him. The VCA has derecognized Salunkhe's association last month for using \"unparliamentary\" words/language during a meeting at Buldhana last year.\"Despite repeated warnings, the BDACA was not ready resolve their internal disputes. They also used unparliamentary words/language towards VCA officials,\" reads a paragraph in VCA's annual report.Salunkhe, however, denied using any foul language. \"We had just voiced our concerns. We have been running the association for over two decades and have produced players more than any district, all this despite limited facilities. Players like Shreekant Wagh, Amol Jungade, Amol Ubarhande and others have made VCA proud. If we get this kind of treatment, it's unacceptable to us,\" Salunkhe told TOI.He also alleged that the VCA gave a step-motherly treatment to the districts. \"Players from Nagpur get sufficient exposure, but we don't get even an inter-district tournament. VCA had launched Emerging District Programme (EDP) but surprisingly called off after coach Neil D'Costa parted ways with it,\" he said.Another district member too echoed the same sentiments. \"Five six years back, when Sharad Bhake was district chairman. We used to have inter-district tournaments and also inter-zone meets too. Several players are now playing for Vidarbha. Now they say districts don't have the talent, which is unfair. If Vidarbha have so many talented players why were they in the Plate Group for the last 8-9 years? How can you judge the talent without providing them enough opportunities? Last year, not a single tournament was organized,\" he said.Another member raised the affiliation issue for the district units. \"The Maharashtra Cricket Association ( MCA) has 22 affiliated district units while VCA has none. VCA has only recognized units. We are still not members and we don't have voting rights. Why this discrimination? I don't understand. While in-laws and friends of VCA's executive members have got membership, we are being deprived despite keeping the game alive,\" he said.A district representative wants to have fixed funds for each of the district. \"Is it Nagpur Cricket Association or Vidarbha Cricket Association? Can VCA run the game if it doesn't get funds from the BCCI? They have 22 executive members and 10 of them can supervise the working of each district like Maharashtra government has guardian ministers. It's getting very difficult for us. There should be a fixed policy. The officials change after every three year but tournaments and policies remain intact. Unfortunately, here policies changed with officials. There aren't enough activities for us for the last ten months or so,\" he said.VCA president Prakash Dixit said, \"I don't want to comment on the issue right now. I will definitely speak to the media after the AGM on Sunday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15346097", "title": "Technical textiles to be Rs 1.58 crore market in 2016-2017", "text": "COIMBATORE: With demand growing at a robust pace, the market for technical textiles will touch Rs. 1.58 lakh crore by 2016-17, a top official said. The technical textiles market recorded a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 11% to around Rs 57000 crore in 2011-12, joint secretary, union textiles ministry, Sujit Gulati said.\"There is huge interest in technical textiles. Since (profit) margins are high and competition is less, investors are positive about the sector,\" he said. Many big companies including Arvind Mills have forayed into technical textiles, he noted.\"More than 4000 (technical textiles) units have come up and they are located mostly in western India, which has become a hub for technical textiles,\" Gulati said on the sidelines of the conference on 'Industrial Textiles' organized by the PSG College of Technology here on Friday.The working group has suggested approval of Rs.1000 crore during the 12th plan period for developing technical textiles, he said. The market for industrial textiles, a sub-segment of technical textiles, has grown from Rs 3200 crore in 2007-08 to Rs. 4892 crore in 2011-12. Its size is expected to be more than double by 2016-17.Currently, the country imports nearly 36% of its requirements in industrial textiles. The potential is quite huge and the country is lagging far behind when compared to others in the sector, Gulati said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15345568", "title": "Bhubaneshwar marooned in monsoon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The upscale Acharya Vihar (ward no-24) has been unsuccessfully fighting the scourge of water-logging for decades. The situation becomes especially grim during monsoon with cloudbursts exposing the poor storm-water disposal system in the area located in the heart of the city.Residents of Acharya Vihar have alleged that the government has remained unresponsive to their woes. \"The rainy season is a curse for us. We remain marooned with streets and homes filled with rain water. The government, however, continues to turn a blind eye to the problem of water-logging,\" said Siddharth Das, president of Acharya Vihar Parishad, a resident welfare association.Residents alleged that inordinate delay in completion of the natural drain-no.4 has compounded the problem. Though construction of the drain between Ekamra Kanan-Gangua (9.77km) was taken up in 2006 under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), it is yet to be completed.The drainage division (Cuttack), which is carrying out the work, found flaw with a section of residents, who have allegedly encroached on portion of the land earmarked for the natural drain.\"We were shocked as to how the land on which a natural drain is flowing could be owned by private parties. We cannot progress on around 500 meter encroached land as the locals moved court against construction of the drain,\" said an engineer of drainage division. \"The matter is sub-judice. This apart, unless the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) removes the encroachments, we cannot move ahead,\" he said.BMC mayor A N Jena said the corporation has decided to form a committee, comprising legal experts to vacate the stay order from court. \"Since the matter is lingering in court, we will form committee to expedite the legal process,\" Jena said.Apart from the civic inconvenience, water logging also turned fatal when an engineering student was electrocuted in a rented house on July 4. Sources said the victim, Dipti Ranjan Sahoo, was killed while trying to flush out storm water with the help of an electric pump.Meanwhile, the longstanding demand of residents for a police outpost in Acharya Vihar has gone unheard. \"The locality has many residential complexes, educational institutes and corporate offices. Bike theft and snatching occur almost regularly. We have been demanding establishment of a police outpost for a long time, but to no avail,\" said Das, a senor lawyer.Senior citizen Bimal Das said the civic body should take steps to set up public library, park and children's playground in Acharya Vihar. \"A few vacant government lands are lying unused. If those are not utilized, slums will come up,\" Das said. He suggested the government to carry out massive roadside plantation to bring down temperature in summer.\"We have already identified a vacant land for a park and sent a proposal to BMC. It will serve the purpose of senior citizens and children,\" local corporator Pramod Kumar Hembram said. \"Steps are being taken to construct a neighbourhood market complex, new roads and drains for the convenience of residents,\" Hembram added.We were shocked as to how the land on which a natural drain is flowing could be owned by private parties. We cannot progress on around 500 meter encroached land as the locals moved court against construction of the drain. The matter is sub-judice. This apart, unless the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) removes the encroachments, we cannot move ahead", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15349331", "title": "Prepaid processing charges may be cut", "text": "NEW DELHI: There may soon be good news for nearly 95% of India's 965 million mobile subscribers who use prepaid connections.The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) on Friday initiated a consultation exercise to lower the processing fee on recharge vouchers. While the regulator has not given any preference, one of the three options suggested is to completely waive the processing fee on top-up vouchers, which operators say is used to meet their operational costs.\"This option may not adversely affect the revenue realisation of the service providers, as the existing tariff regulatory regime allows flexibility to the service providers for determining tariff for various services and that the cost for provision of services, including towards administering the top up vouchers can be recovered through various tariff items which are under forbearance,\" Trai said.The other option is to move to a tiered structure of levying the processing fee, as there is a view in the regulatory establishment that the fee was especially higher in case of the lower value recharge coupons. It has looked at the option of a fixed charge of 50 paise as processing fee and 3% of the maximum retail price as the variable charge.The third option proposed by the regulator is to mandate an ad valorem rate of 10% of the retail price which will be subject to a ceiling of Rs 3. The regulator is of the view that operators are discriminating against those who are at the bottom of the pyramid and use recharge vouchers of Rs 10 or Rs 20. In certain cases, the talk time is less than 70% of the MRP, with 15-20% going towards processing fee, an officer said. The consultation paper mentioned that for certain higher denomination recharge, the top-up vouchers offer monetary value which is higher than the MRP.According to data available with Trai, top up vouchers of MRP below Rs 20 account for 50% of the total recharges, with top up Rs 10 alone accounting for 30% share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346919", "title": "New-look airport waits for aerobridges", "text": "KOLKATA: The new terminal of the Kolkata airport has missed three deadlines in the past. And now, the fourth one is also staring at an uncertain future with the delay in supply of aerobridges that are supposed to link the terminal directly with the aircraft parking bays. If flight operations commence at the airport's new terminal from October - as committed by the Airports Authority of India (AAI) - only seven aerobridges will be available instead of the 18 passageways that were actually planned. It may take another couple of months to install the rest.\"Officials from AAI headquarters have just completed inspection of the first lot of seven aerobridges in Indonesia . Sections of the aerobridges will be packed into crates and loaded on a freight ship for transport to Kolkata,\" Kolkata airport director B P Sharma said on Friday.After a guided tour of the new terminal, airport advisory committee chairman and Union minister of state for urban development Saugata Roy also expressed concern over the delayed arrival of aerobridges. \"There has been a delay in the delivery of aerobridges. Otherwise, the airport officials told me that they are confident of completing the airport on time,\" he said.While transporting the aerobridges by sea across the Bay of Bengal to Haldia and then to Kolkata airport will take around a fortnight, it will take another fortnight to install the equipment. After putting them through trials, they will just be ready on time by September 30, the latest deadline for completion of the airport project.With AAI failing to meet three deadlines till now, sources said a decision has been taken to go ahead with the commissioning of the incomplete terminal. Apart from aerobridges, a section of the terminal is under construction and will not be ready till this year-end.\"The section of the terminal that is not complete won't affect passenger service but it is the absence of adequate aerobridges that will hurt, particularly during morning and evening rush hours when multiple flights land and depart. If passengers have to disembark on to the tarmac and then board coaches to the terminal on arrival or the other way round for departure, it will be a shame,\" said an airline official.During the only trial run that was carried out on July 15, passengers had to get off the aircraft and board a coach to reach the terminal. On their way, they went across the gaping rectangular steel structures that will hold the glass aerobridges.\"The problem is that the Indonesian firm PT Bukaka Teknik Utama is yet to ship the equipment. Operations at Chennai airport were also being held up due to delay in supply of aerobridges by the same firm. They got delivered just over a fortnight ago. The consignment for Kolkata is next in line,\" an AAI official told TOI from Delhi.Though the firm has a poor track record with a former airport director even recommending blacklisting of the company for poor after-sales service (Bukaka had delivered two aerobridges in the existing domestic terminal), AAI handed the order for 18 aerobridges for Kolkata and seven for Chennai to it after the Union home ministry cited security concerns to refuse Chinese firms that had originally been selected. The delay in placing the order has further pushed back its supply and jeopardized the Kolkata airport's takeoff.\"If the aerobridges are not installed when the terminal is commissioned, it will be a major embarrassment for the AAI because getting on to the tarmac and travelling in coaches is unheard of in any modern airport. In several countries, there are aerobridges for transfer to and from smaller aircraft like ATR and CRJ as well,\" Indian American banker Darius Lilaoonwala, who arrived by the IndiGo flight that did the trial run on July 15, told TOI.When the first trial run will be held for a departing flight either in August-end or September-beginning, it will be a challenge unless the first lot of aerobridges is installed and ready for use. That is because the departure terminal is on the second level above the arrival terminal located at the ground level.On being asked whether the first tranche of aerobridges will be installed in the domestic or international section of the integrated terminal, Sharma said both sections would have them to ensure that operations did not suffer. \"We could have two of the seven installed in the international section and the rest in domestic. When the next lot arrives, the blank slots will be filled,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346801", "title": "Behala body was of criminal shot in police encounter", "text": "KOLKATA: The bullet-ridden body of a middle-aged man found in Behala on Thursday evening has been identified as that of Tapan Adhikari, a notorious criminal of South 24-Parganas. Police said he was injured in an encounter from which had managed to escape with bullets.On Thursday evening, two youths took Adhikari to a private hospital on Diamond Harbour Road. On finding bullet injuries, the doctors questioned the duo who claimed that they were paint workers and they had found the man lying beside the road unconscious and rescued himThe duo said they were paint workers doing their job in Behala. The hospital referred Adhikari to another private hospital nearby where he was declared dead.Till late in the night, Kolkata Police remained clueless about his identity. They found some live cartridges in his pocket, suggesting that the victim could be a criminal. Police then detained the duo who had taken Adhikari to hospital. During interrogation, one of them, Anindya Naskar, divulged his identity of the victim.The other person detained, Tarun Mistry, reportedly admitted that he had taken Adhikari to his sister's residence at Akra Duttabagan where he was supposed to meet her for Raksha Bandhan. But police had been tipped off and they raided the house soon after they reached.Police confirmed that more than 22 cases of robbery, murder and extortion are pending against Adhikari, the second of five sons of Damodar Adhikari of Akra Duttabagan in South 24-Parganas. \"He was active in South 24-Parganas and Howrah,\" said an officer. He had remained elusive for long and on Thursday, police got inputs about his movement.Accordingly, plainclothesmen cordoned off his residence and in the afternoon, Tapan arrived on a motorcycle along with Tarun Mistry, who is, in fact, one of his close aides. When the cops barged into the house to nab him, Adhikari pushed them aside and slipped out. Police gave chase and he fled down a dingy lane. On the other end of the lane, Mistry was ready with his motorcycle.Police said they had asked Tapan to surrender, but he fired on them instead. The cops also retaliated and injured Tapan. \"We fired five rounds, but he managed to flee with bullet injuries,\" said an officer. \"After travelling nearly one and half kilometres from his house,Mistry's bike hit a vehicle at Akra Krishnanagar. He hired an auto and took Adhikari to a doctor in Baruipur. They travelled down Amtala-Bishnupur road.After giving first-aid, he called up Anindya Naskar, one of his friends. With the help of Naskar, he took Adhikari to the hospital in a taxi.But South 24-Parganas police hadn't given up the chase. Locals at Akra Krishnanagar told police that they had spotted two men on a bike and the vehicle had collided with a goods vehicle. They found the motorcycle and recovered a single-shotter gun from a nearby ditch. Police also got the registration number of the auto in which they had fled.\"After getting information from Kolkata Police, we contacted Adhikari's elder brother who identified the body,\" said a senior officer. Adhikari's younger brother Biswajit, accused in several cases, is also absconding. Late at night, Kolkata Police handed over both Mistry and Naskar to a special team of South 24-Parganas police led by deputy superintendent (industrial) Swapan Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15348543", "title": "Peer pressure and opposite sex drive teenagers to rash driving: XLRI survey", "text": "MUMBAI: A survey conducted by the XLRI School of Business and Human Resources, Jamshedpur has revealed that peer pressure and opposite sex are drivers of rash driving. The institute had last week organised a seminar on rash driving behaviour, was intended to determine the reasons that lead to such acts by youngsters.A report entitled 'rash driving behaviour by youth' by the behavioural research lab, which was set up in September 2011, was released at the seminar. It stated that out of the total people killed in road accidents in Jamshedpur, 33% were in the age group of 15-24 years. The number of accidents and casualties in this age group is on the rise.The colloquium also suggested potential counter-measures to tackle the menace of rash driving.Some of the major findings included that the two wheeler accidents has increased by 11% in last 3 years. Also, out of the total casualties in road accidents every year, 32% involve teenagers, which indicate every third accident in the city involves a teenager. The report also pointed out to the fact that teenagers drive two wheelers without a valid license. An analysis of bike based behaviour showed that the youngsters develop an attitude that sports bike are meant to be driven faster and it is a positive behaviour.Sanjeev Varshney, professor of the institute and also the founder of the behavioural research lab said, \"Rash driving behaviour by youth in Jamshedpur which is threatening to reach alarming proportions. The report is the result of an extensive research, brain mapping and behavioural study at our lab. Through our study, we tried to probe the reason why youth display rash behaviour.\"The report recommended that dual-coded traffic signs with both text and image would have greater recall and impact on the young minds. Zigzag and shark's teeth pavement markings should be used as traffic calming devices stated the report. The institute probed 120 respondents between the age of 16 and 25 years, who were called for a kilometre's test drive on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345146", "title": "Mother's milk important but supplements needed too", "text": "NAGPUR: Malnutrition among children under five years of age has emerged as a big challenge for the country. This makes it important for the young mothers to be informed about nutrition, not just what the babies get from breast milk but also other foods.City chapter of Nutrition Society of India (NSI), community foods and nutrition extension unit of government of India, Academy of Nutrition Improvement (ANI) and several other organizations tried educating women from Khadgaon village about the same as they marked the World Breastfeeding Week. The women were not only told about importance of mother's milk but also about the ways of supplementing the nutritional needs of children using foodstuffs commonly found.\"Mother's milk, despite all its goodness as an immunity builder, does not contain iron and vitamin C. During six months of lactation, a mother's body is able to provide for the child's iron needs but after that there is a need to supplement it,\" said convener of NSI and a senior dietician AN Radha. She also told the young mothers to refrain from letting toddlers eat candies, sweet suparis and packaged snacks.\"Most lactating mothers are themselves nutritionally deficient. In many villages, we see women with two children weighing a mere 40 kg and that with one child weighing 35 kgs. Though the government provides them take home ration to enhance their nutritional intake, they can do it themselves by adding several locally grown cereals in their diet too,\" said Mukund Mahorey, incharge of the extension unit. He demonstrated the way of preparing a 'kheer' made with some pulses that can be a home-made alternative for packaged baby food and a powder that could be used in lieu of the popular health drinks.Scientist and activist Shantilal Kothari from ANI spoke about the locally grown crops like jawas, ragi and matha that had high nutritive value. \"Consuming local crops with good protein and mineral content can also bring down financial burden a rural family incurs on foodstuffs believed to be more nutritious,\" he said.Two decades of spreading awarenessThis year's Breastfeeding Week marks completion of 20 years of spreading awareness about this important issue by WHO/UNICEF. To mark this milestone, the themes of this year's week are 'Taking Stock of Policies and Programmes' and 'Understanding The Past - Planning The Future'. Talking about these themes, Mukund Mahorey, incharge of the community foods and nutrition extension unit of Government of India, said that several schemes like Integrated Child Development Scheme and Take Home Rations have been floated by the government to help better nutrition among village folks.Shantilal Kothari from Academy of Nutrition Improvement, who has long been fighting for the cause of better nutrition for the villagers, believed that some measures were misdirected. \"Instead of popularizing local crops, government is happy being led by MNCs who are providing more ration than needed to villagers and fleecing the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346490", "title": "\u2018Clean Patna\u2019 drive to show results soon", "text": "PATNA: Urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar, who on Thursday reviewed the working of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) here, said that a 'Clean Patna Green Patna' campaign has been started in areas falling under the jurisdiction of PMC.He said in the next three months, people would see a change in the sanitation system. The task of sanitation and other works in 62 wards of the city has been awarded to a new firm. The PMC would be responsible for the job in the rest 10 wards.The minister said the new agency would pick up garbage from every house and clean the main roads in 62 wards. The garbage would be taken to Ramchak Bairiya, where the agency would do the 'Land Fill Development' besides manufacturing manure from it.PMC commissioner, additional commissioner, estate officer, executive officer and officials of Bankipur, Kankarbagh and Patna City circles were also present at the meeting.The minister directed the executive officers to identify places in wards and colonies under the PMC which are not on the main road for construction of secondary garbage collection point by August 3. He also asked the officials to immediately start work for the construction of boundary wall for Ramchak Bairiya dumping yard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347431", "title": "PCMC seeks 4 FSI to regularise unauthorised constructions", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has decided to send a proposal to the state government, asking for four FSI (floor space index) so that unauthorized constructions in the twin township can be regularized.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"The existing rules allow a maximum of two FSI. The proposal seeking four FSI will be sent to the state government within a week.\"Pardeshi was reacting to a letter sent to him by independent MLA Laxman Jagtap. Jagtap has said that the illegal buildings should be regularized either by increasing the FSI to four or by charging administrative charges or by imposing fines. He has cited the state government's scheme of granting four FSI to new constructions and for slum rehabilitation schemes in Mumbai.In another letter, which is also signed by MLAs Vilas Lande and Anna Bansode, Jagtap has mentioned that there was a provision in section 143 of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act, 1966, for levying administrative charges to regularize illegal constructions. The urban development department had issued an order on November 10, 1997, to regularize unauthorized constructions in rural areas of the district by charging administrative charges.Jagtap has pointed out that the state government had allowed the Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority to regularize encroachments in housing schemes in sector number 21 by making changes in Development Control rules under section 37(1) of the Act. Constructions of up to 1.5 FSI were regularized by charging fine and allowing construction in 50% of margin space. The same rule can be applied in Pimpri-Chinchwad, he said.Pardeshi said, \"The civic administration will prepare three proposals. According to the first one, unauthorized constructions can be regularized by paying fine. The second proposal will allow regularizing illegal structures after getting approval from the state government. And the third will be about structures which cannot be regularized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347171", "title": "Dargah funds: Pak seeks info", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pakistan High Commission has written a letter to both the Dargah Committee and the Anjuman Syed Zadgan of the Sufi shrine in Ajmer, seeking details for handing over of the one million dollar that Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari had promised during his visit to the shrine in April this year.The commission faxed the letter to the committee, which was constituted by the Union government, and Anjuman, the elected body of hereditary khadims on July 31.Recently, the Pak high commission assured that the money will be given to the shrine as promised by Zardari for taking up proposed developmental projects. TOI had earlier reported that even after three months of Zardari's trip to the shrine and his promised sum, no news had come from the Pakistan side.\"The commission is planning to hold a ceremony on August 9 at Hazrat Khawaja Gharib Nawaz...in order to complete the formalities you are requested to forward the registered name of your Anjuman, name of the office bearer who will attend the ceremony and name/designation of the person who will receive the money on behalf of Anjuman by August 3,\" the letter read.Since the letter was sent to both the committees - Dargah and Anjuman - asking them to collect the cheque, the Pak high commission seemed uncertain on the real beneficiary of the donated amount. Both the committees had responded to the commission, but each of them questioned why the other should be given the donated amount.In response to the high commission, the Anjuman Syed Zadgan has asked the commission to furnish details of the programme intendend at the shrine.It is reported that the Dargah Committee, in its response, claimed that it holds responsibility for developmental works in the dargah and should be given the donated amount.\"The letter is incomplete. They should tell us beforehand as to who will get the amount,\" said Haji Syed Nazir Ali, hereditary khadim and member of the Anjuman Syed Zadgan.Notably, both the committees had sent them developmental proposals asked by the commission earlier. Sources said the commission is intending to allocate amount on the basis of the projects submitted.Syed Sarwar Chisthy, hereditary khadim and former secretary of the Anjuman, recounted that when then president of Pakistan Parvez Mushraarf had announced a donation of Rs 10 lakh it was handed over to the Anjuman by the Pak high commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347407", "title": "Play touches on relationships", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Expressing the philosophy of life, a play \"Munna Ki Wapsi\" was staged at Tagore Theatre in Sector 18 on Friday evening by Center for Voluntary Action (CEVA). Based on Rabindranath Tagore's story by the same name, the play was directed by Chandrashekhar, a post graduate from Indian Theatre Department of Panjab University. The dohas of Sant Kabir were delicately interwoven in the story to express the philosophy of life and the intricacies of ever-changing relationships. Munna Ki Wapsi is the story of Raicharan, a domestic help who has been with a family for three generations. Initially, his life seems peaceful, but the story takes major twist when one day Raicharan takes his master's baby, Munna, to the garden in a pram. Leaving him there he takes a round to pluck flowers and returns to find that the boy missing. As the family learns of it, they chuck out Raicharan accusing him of kidnapping the child. He shifts to another city and is soon blessed with a baby boy. When the boy turns 14, he takes him to his master's home and tells him that this is his son whom he had kidnapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15349580", "title": "Congress MP takes charge as president of Mumbai taxi union", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress leader and Rajya Sabha MP Hussain Dalwai took over the reigns of the biggest taxi union in Mumbai recently.Dalwai, who also holds the post of the president of Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union, has now been formally appointed as president of the Mumbai Taximen's Union.Dalwai plans to take up the cause of the cabbies, which primarily includes the demand for a fare hike.A L Quadros, the union's general secretary, said ,\"We have a senior politician as president of the union and we expect him to guide us in our future agitations. Dalwai will be on the post for the next two years and the union elections will now be held only in 2014.\"A group of cabbies from the airport had demanded fresh elections for the union, but this was turned down by Quadros. These cabbies now plan to breakaway from the biggest taxi union. \"If these airport cabbies want to form their own union, let them do it. We will not stop anyone,\" Quadros stated.Meanwhile, Viira Cabs, a fleetcab run by women, along with a few taxi unions, has launched a drive to weed out errant drivers operating at the domestic airport. \"We are trying to identify the rogues and inform the police about them,\" said, Preeti Sharma Menon of Viira Cabs.She has met senior police officers and sought their assistance in \"cleansing\" the airport of the rogue taxi drivers.Incidentally, Menon is also an activist of India Against Corruption group of Team Anna Hazare . \"I am fighting a battle against goons in the taxi trade and it is a dangerous one. But I am determined to throw them out of the airport along with the help of few other unions and the authorities. Passengers will also benefit a lot in the long run,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15346360", "title": "Two persons held with 266kg of pan masala", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Railway Protection Force (RPF) seized pan masala products weighing 266 kg from the Bangalore-Kanyakumari Island Express here on Friday.Mohammed Bilal (20) and M H Aneesh (40), both from Changanassery, were arrested for bringing the banned products from Bangalore and dispatching it to Kottayam as a parcel in the train. They had given a fake address while booking the parcel that had six packets.The two had bought the products worth Rs 75,000 for Rs 60,000 after bargaining. They were planning to sell it to some traders and expected make a profit of Rs 1.25 lakh, said P Sethumadhavan, CI of RPF. The duo took a bus to Kottayam after sending the parcel. The train reached here around 12 noon.The foul smell that emanated from the packets while they were being unloaded raised the suspicion of the railway police personnel who then examined these packets. Following this, the two who had come to collect the parcel were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347128", "title": "B2 bypass: Residents upset over HC order", "text": "JAIPUR: The residents of Mansarovar area were disappointed over the high court's decision which allows not heavy vehicles through the B2 bypass.Their last ray of hope to get relief from heavy vehicle traffic on the road ended the court's order on Friday. Residents believed the state government has put the lives of many at risk by taking a decision to allow heavy vehicles on the road.\"Even after so many months, the state government has not completed the slip lanes in the area making it very risky. At night the road lights do not function and it's scary for the residents to move in heavy traffic,\" Ashima Kumari, a local resident, said.Following a Rajasthan High Court order, the state government opened the B2 bypass to heavy vehicles on January 28. The residents claimed that since then gates of the colonies had been closed. \"We cannot enter the lane of our house directly and have to make a complete round and this has caused a huge inconvenience. Approximately, 3,200 house owners are affected due to this decision,\" a local said. Residents also complained that it is very risky as there are three big schools in the area.The B2 bypass has been in news ever since it was opened to heavy vehicles. Till now, five people have been killed in accidents on the bypass.An engineering student was killed on February 8 when his scooter was hit by a rashly driven truck. Three people were also killed on the road when a unchained container fell off a trolley truck on their car. Residents even claimed, the speed breakers constructed on the bypass are very risky and were the major reason for accidents.Protests by local residents earlier have even forced the authorities to consider an alternative.However, officials of various departments, who carried out an inspection to look for other possibilities, said developing other routes for heavy vehicles is not just an expensive affair for the government but will also be a time consuming one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15346455", "title": "Trial runs of municipal solid waste project at Sonsoddo by Aug-end", "text": "MARGAO: Fomento, the concessionaire of the municipal solid waste (MSW) project under way at Sonsoddo, claimed that the work on the project is progressing as per the time schedule and that the trial runs will commence by August-end.The Margao Municipal Council (MMC) had signed the concession agreement with Fomento in February 2012 to set up the MSW plant designed to treat 50-70 TPD (tonnes per day) of garbage on a design, build, own, operate and transfer (DBOOT) basis for a period of 25 years. The concessionaire is required to complete the project within 16 months, excluding the monsoon period.The MMC is awaiting the detailed project report (DPR) from its consultant K R Gopalkrishnan for the task of capping the Sonsoddo garbage dump on scientific lines so as to go ahead with the exercise. The consultancy team visited the Sonsoddo garbage dumpyard recently and conducted a contour survey of the site. Data pertaining to the quantity of municipal solid waste (MSW) that lands up at Sonsoddo was also gathered by the team. The MMC will invite tenders from contractors for capping the Sonsoddo garbage dump after receiving the DPR, including design for the closure, from the consultant.Sources said that the contractor who bags the tender for capping will also be required to monitor the site for a period of at least 15 years and take care of any eventualities. It normally takes a period of up to five years for the capped surface to get 0sufficiently stabilized, sources said.The capping of the Sonsoddo garbage dump was necessitated following confirmation by the MMC's consultant for the Sonsoddo garbage treatment plant, P U Asnani, about the presence of toxic metals in the dump, who suggested that the dump be capped following specifications of scientific closure as per the Municipal Solid Waste Rules 2000.The exercise envisages levelling and reforming the existing heap of garbage dump and incorporating environmental mitigation measures including laying of geo-textiles (impermeable surface cover) to secure the site against seepage of rainwater and collection of landfill gas (predominantly methane), leachate collection system, development of a green belt and landscaping, including a green cover over the dumpsite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15347265", "title": "Creative Students take stage by storm", "text": "An inter-school talent hunt competition organized by a fashion technology institute saw around 150 students from 15 schools exhibiting their skills on stage on Friday.The events at the talent hunt included declamation, one-minute show, doll dress design, fashion sketching and creative craft. Students were welcomed by institute president Anjali Awasthi and were escorted to their respective venues by in-house students.The judges were Captain Ashok Narang, Aman Sood, Anupam Verma, Barkha Thappar and Chand Bhatia, who are senior artists and innovators in their respective creative fields. They appreciated the zest and zeal of participants and had a tough time deciding the winners from among a pool of promising performances delivered with a lot of passion.Deeksha Chawla from Ryan International School won first prize in declamation, Esha Arora from Sacred Heart Convent won the fashion sketching, Kirti from BCM School won the doll-dress design, creative craft was won by Kanchan Gupta from BVM School and Ridhi from KVM School won the first prize in one minute show.\"The objective behind the talent hunt was to encourage individual talent among school children and motivate them to take up challenges of the competitive world,\" said Anjali Awasthi from the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15346421", "title": "State to set up new HRD body", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday introduced the Goa human resource development Bill 2012, which will empower the state government to establish a human resource development corporation for developing human resources in the state.The bill seeks to develop human resources by imparting the required training to unemployed persons and to the work force in the state, so as to make available trained and skilled personnel for all types of services like housekeeping, security, maintenance and operation, gardening, etc, to various government departments, government undertakings, autonomous bodies, social institutions, business establishments, individuals etc in the state of Goa, and also to assist unemployed persons to get gainful employment.The corporation shall comprise ten directors including chairman and vice chairman. \"Four persons having shown capacity in human resource development will be nominated by the government,\" said in Bill.The chairman, vice-chairman and directors of the corporation nominated under clause (f) of sub section (1) of section 4, shall hold office for a period of three years from the date of their nomination unless their term of office is terminated earlier by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349183", "title": "Hrithik\u2019s reel to real life dahi-handi", "text": "Perhaps it was the famous entry of Hrithik Roshan aka Vijay Dinanath Chauhan in the remake of Agneepath , during an elaborate dahi-handi sequence that has earned him a special invite from Sachin Ahir, MLA from Worli.For the first time, the actor will attend the dahi-handi competition organised by the politico for Shree Sankalp Pratisthan. We learnt that Esha Deol , will also be performing at the event. This will be her first outing post marriage.A source revealed, \"Hrithik has never attended any dahi-handi event in the past. When he was approached for this, he was really excited. In fact, he also started thinking about an entry sequence. Apart from him, Emraan Hashmi too will grace the occasion. Esha will perform a dance number. She will perhaps play Radha.\"According to sources, Hrithik will enter the event perched on a crane. And will land amidst the audience. Though Hrithik remained unavailable for comment, Ahir's wife Sangeeta, who spearheads the event, confirmed the stars' presence at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345337", "title": "Benegal to return to TV with docu-drama on Constitution", "text": "CHENNAI: Two decades ago, he condensed Jawaharlal Nehru's exhaustive 'Discovery of India' into the lively 'Bharat Ek Khoj' for television. Now, filmmaker Shyam Benegal is returning to the small screen with a docu-drama on the making of the Constitution.\"I am doing the script. Hopefully, the 10-part series will be ready by March 2013,\" says Benegal who is here for the three-day cultural festival 'Pollinator 1'. \"There is more money in TV. But I didn't want to creatively kill myself. I wanted to do TV only when something of significance is there,\" says Benegal, a Dada Sahib Phalke award-winner and a key figure behind the 'new wave cinema' of the 1970s.Depicting the country's history in a TV series made a lot of sense to Benegal. \"Schools use it as a teaching aid now,\" he says. In the same way, he hopes to re-introduce the relevance the Constitution to people.Not all of his attempted adaptations have been smooth sailing. The novel 'Sooraj Ka Satvan Ghoda' \"took me 15 years to crack. I feared people might get confused by the movie,\" he says. Eventually, he transferred the psychological density and non-linear narrative of the novel into a masterpiece that won many awards.A keen sense of social commitment still drives the 77-year-old who talked about women's empowerment through films like 'Mandi', social oppression in 'Manthan'. But it is the sense of humanity that inspires him most. \"I try and build stories around compassion,\" he says.His vision and sensitivity have been repeatedly acknowledged, whether it is by the national film awards committee or by international film societies. The latest award has come from the South Asian Cinema Foundation, which recently recognised him for his contribution to the new wave Indian cinema.The Pollinator 1, organised by MSSRF, National Biodiversity Authority, CPR Environmental Education, Science City, Asian Heritage Foundation and Hyatt Regency Chennai, will end on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349201", "title": "Mohanlal's Run Baby Run set for Onam release", "text": "Mohanlal-Joshiy team's Run Baby Run will hit theatres on Aug 29 on the day of Thiruvonam as confirmed by the makers of the entertainer. The flick is being touted as the biggest release of the festive season and expectations are invariably riding high with the two stalwarts in the industry coming together for yet another mass entertainer.The flick has Mohanlal playing a channel cameraman along with Amala Paul who plays a new editor in the flick. The film also stars Biju Menon in a prominent role. Run Babby Run is the first solo script of Sachi of Sachi-Sethu fame and the background score of the flick is composed by Ratheesh Vega.Incidentally, Mohanlal has also sang a folk number for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15346555", "title": "New airport proposed for port Visakhapatnam", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: It was only last year the airport here which is under the control of Indian Navy was refurbished with a new terminal and an expanded runway. But already, a fresh proposal for a new airport for the port city is doing the rounds here. Leading the brigade is none other than state investments and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivas Rao who says he would bring the matter to the notice of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh with the Air Travellers Association of India (ATAI) local chapter also backing the new proposal.The authorities are exploring the possibilities of setting up the new airport at Bhogapuram in Vizianagaram district, about 50 km from here. The fresh proposal is gaining ground what with international and domestic carriers expressing their inability to operate their services before 8 am and after 8 pm due to restrictions imposed by the Eastern Naval Command (ENC) of the Navy. Though the ENC had agreed in principle to extend the airport timings, it has not given the consent letter to the Airports Authority of India (AAI), which has made the private airlines see red. On its part, the AAI said it is ready to allot additional manpower to the Naval airport for allowing it to function 24 hours a day.Sources said the state government would push the new airport proposal if the Indian Navy refuses to make it a 24-hour airport.Insiders, however, said the catch is the huge real estate market that would boom once the new airport at Bhogapuram materializes and hence the urgency to push the proposal by the minister and influential businessmen who see a potential in the real estate pie.Srinivas Rao said that they would bring the matter to the notice of the PM even as he demanded the Navy to extend the hours of the present airport to accommodate international flights which take off in the night. He said the industrial investment had already touched Rs 80,000 crore and would soon burgeon to more than Rs 1 lakh crore. \"Vizag needs a 24-hour airport as it is one of the fastest growing cities on a par with Pune, Kochi and Coimbatore,\" he said.ATAI, Vizag chapter president D Varada Reddy said the Vizag airport is the main hub for travelers from five districts - Visakha, Vizianagaram, Srikakulam, East and West Godavari, besides southern parts of Odisha and Chhattisgarh and hence, there is a greater need for a 24-hour airport in the port city. He said the domestic passenger traffic has touched nearly 9 lakhs per annum and it is expected to cross one million by the end of next year.\"Though there are 38 services to destinations like Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Tirupati, lack of international connectivity would affect the development of the city,\" Rajya Sabha member T Subbarami Reddy told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347729", "title": "In Udaipur, artificial rain to tackle drought", "text": "JAIPUR: How does one tackle drought? Well, one could try to make it rain. That seems to be the general idea behind Udaipur-based Hindustan Zinc's cloud-seeding attempts in the state.Cloud seeding, a form of weather modification, is the attempt to change the amount or type of precipitation that falls from clouds, by dispersing salt (or other chemicals) into the air. This serves as cloud condensation, altering the microphysical processes within the cloud.While experiments on cloud seeding have been going on for many years, the Vedanta group company is in the middle of carrying out scientific tests in the desert state which has recently declared drought in five districts.On Friday, a specially designed aircraft was stationed at the Udaipur airport ready with the proper equipment and professionals to try and produce rain. But the plane is yet to take off as it is waiting for the right kind of clouds suitable for seeding.According to Met officials in the know, the clouds are likely to appear by Sunday. The Airport Authority of India (Udaipur) has been roped in to identify the right kind of clouds using its radars.The experiment is based on the studies of the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, Pune. The agency has been working for a long time on the possibilities of rainfall through cloud seeding.\"The company is exploring the possibility of cloud seeding in Bhilwara, Rajsamand and Chittorgarh districts of Rajasthan . Currently the state is passing through drought-like situation. Hopefully , the efforts succeed in increasing rainfall in the state,\" said Pavan Kaushik, Hindustan Zinc's head of corporate communication.SEEDS OF HOPECloud-seeding is the attempt to change the precipitation that falls from clouds, by dispersing 'salt' or other chemicals into air Common chemicals used for cloud seeding include silver iodide, dry ice (solid carbon dioxide), liquid propane and sodium chloride (salt) First, clouds are identified that are fit for seeding. This is done using radar Then, aircraft disperse salts using flares or explosives in the lower portions of clouds The salts grow in size as water joins with them and this leads to rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15346991", "title": "North Eastern Railways drive against unauthorized persons on railway stations", "text": "VARANASI: The Varanasi division of North Eastern Railways (NER) is carrying out a special drive from August 3 to August 16 to keep the railway stations free from anti-social elements, unauthorized vendors and other unwanted persons crowding the railway stations.A special check will be kept on unattended articles lying at station premises as well as trains with the help of dog squad and hand metal detectors. As many as 4,850 people were detained from January to July this year at different places under the division in connection with alarm chain pulling. Unauthorized vendors were also arrested for illegally selling eatables and meals on railway platforms under the Railway Protection Act.NRE general manager V Ramchandran held a meeting to discuss the preparations of Kumbh Mela with the officials of Varanasi division on Thursday. He directed that the weekly report of the progress on passenger facilities during Kumbh like extra booking counters, food stalls, water booths, cleanliness and sanitation should reach the headquarters timely. He stated that the preparations for new trains that will run during the Kumbh festivity should also be completed on time and special care of safety, cleanliness, punctuality and other passengers facilities in trains will be taken during the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346624", "title": "Left parties rally for food security to all", "text": "PATNA: Thousands of workers of CPI, CPM, Forward Bloc and RSP on Friday took out a joint protest march in the state capital in support of their nine-point charter of demands, including food security to all. They also blocked the busy Dak Bungalow roundabout for nearly 90 minutes in the afternoon, causing snarls in the downtown areas.The march, which originated from the Gandhi Maidan under the leadership of CPI state secretary Rajendra Prasad Singh, CPM state secretary Vijay Kant Thakur and Forward Bloc state secretary Vakil Thakur, culminated into a dharna at the Dak Bungalow roundabout. As the workers squatted on the road, traffic policemen had a harrowing time in regulating vehicular traffic.Addressing the demonstrators, CPI national secretary and MP Gurudas Dasgupta , who arrived here from New Delhi especially to lead the Friday's agitation, called upon the Left workers to roll up their sleeves for a more aggressive agitation on the issue of food security to all. Holding the Centre's \"neoliberal economic policy\" responsible for increasing cases of starvation and malnutrition, he said people had no option but to agitate for food security.Their other demands include adoption of a universal public distribution system (PDS) by abolishing the below poverty line (BPL) and above poverty line (APL) categories, supply of 35kg of wheat or rice per month at Rs 2 per kg to all families, withdrawal of the UPA government's Food Security Bill, end of discrimination among needy people on the basis of BPL and APL categorization, cancellation of bogus estimation of the so-called poverty line by the Planning Commission, publication of correct list of BPL families in Bihar, strengthening of PDS shops in Bihar and implementation of the recommendations of National Commission on Farmers, headed by M S Swaminathan.Dasgupta said the four Left parties would continue to agitate on the streets unless the Centre and state governments made necessary arrangements to ensure supply of 35kg of wheat or rice per month at the rate of Rs 2 per kg to all families irrespective of their BPL and APL status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15346909", "title": "Aarthi, slogans welcome ex-RSS chief Sudarshan home", "text": "MYSORE: RSS leader KS Sudarshan's worried family performed arathi to welcome him home, as RSS and BJP leaders raised slogans. Sudarshan, who was visiting his brother Ramesh, a retired engineer, at his home in posh Century Park area, went missing on Friday morning. Mahadev, the watchman at the gated community, had seen Sudarshan walk out of the premises. \"I saw him crossing the road and going towards Regency theatre at 5.25am,\" He said. \"I had no occasion to speak or ask where he was going.\"Local leaders and his family heaved a sigh of relief when they were informed by police at 11.30am that Sudarshan had been tracked down. A doctor called by the police commissioner checked Sudarshan's health. \"All the body parameters, including his blood pressure and heartbeat are normal,\" said Dr Muddukrishna. Later Sudarshan retired to his bedroom for some rest.Was in mysore for raksha bandhanSudarshan had come to Mysore three days ago and stayed with his brother Ramesh, a retired central government engineer. According to family sources, Sudarshan visits Mysore every year on Raksha Bandhan to celebrate the festival with his sister Vatsala, who is also settled in Mysore.Reward for AshokMysore police commissioner KL Sudheer announced a reward for Ashok for helping police trace the RSS leader. \"Ashok saved us from an embarrassment,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345481", "title": "Tractor company pays Rs 40cr for 6-ground Chennai plot", "text": "CHENNAI: Living up to the reputation of an overheated realty market, downtown Chennai recorded a bulge-bracket real estate transaction involving two prominent institutions of the city last week.Leading management institute \u2014 Institute for Financial Management and Research (IFMR) \u2014 has sold a six ground (one ground is 2,400 sqft) plot on the upmarket Kothari Road in Nungambakkam for a record 40.31 crore, or 6.71 crore per ground. The buyer is APC Tractor, a part of Tractors and Farm Equipments (TAFE) of the Amalgamations Group. With 7% stamp duty and 1% registration fees, the landing cost of the property is 7.25 crore per ground for TAFE.TAFE, which operates out of Nungambakkam High Road, bid for the land through an auction facilitated by HDFC Realty Fund. The nativity factor is said to have influenced TAFE's decision.The TAFE management could not be reached for comment. The tractor major is expected to build its corporate office on this plot, said sources.IFMR officials said they would make an \"appropriate statement only at an appropriate time\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350357", "title": "Hitchcock's muse laments lack of sexual harassment laws", "text": "Veteran actress Tippi Hedren, who was once the muse of Alfred Hitchcock , says she would have been a rich woman if sexual harassment laws existed in 1963 when 'The Birds' was filmed.She claims he ruined her career when she refused to bow to his advances, but said he failed ruin her life.\"I think he was an extremely sad character,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"We are dealing with a brain here that was an unusual genius, and evil, and deviant, almost to the point of dangerous, because of the effect that he could have on people that were totally unsuspecting.Hedren spoke about the rampant sexual harassment as she joined the cast of 'The Girl', a collaboration between BBC and American network HBO which looks into the relationship she had with Hitchcock while making 'The Birds'.At the time of filming Tippi, born Natalie Kay Hedren, was 34 years old, more than 30 years younger than Hitchcock, and engaged to be married to her second husband.The knowledge of this did not stop his advances.The film, based on the book 'Spellbound by Beauty' by Donald Spoto, portrays the director as a predator who demands sexual favours from his leading lady.Hedren, now aged 82, said there were times of delight working for Hitchcock while filming 'The Birds' and her only other film for him, 'Marnie'.But once she rejected his advances, and refused to make another film with him, he effectively ended her career by stopping her working for two years.\"He ruined my career but he didn't ruin my life,\" she said.\"If this had happened today I would be a very rich woman,' she added, alluding to the protection afforded by sexual harassment laws today,\" she added.Given the unwanted advances she could have possibly sued Hitchcock who died aged 80 in 1980.Hedren, mother of actress Melanie Griffith , was working as a successful model when she was chosen by Hitchcock to star in 'The Birds'.The director had been looking for another blonde actress to replace Grace Kelly who had starred in three of his previous films.He signed her to a personal contract which he upheld when she refused to work for him.For two years she sat a home unable to work despite offers from other Hollywood studios.While she was able to resume her career she never became a major star although she went on to make 50 films and has had guest appearances on TV shows including CSI: Crime Scene Investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "15347275", "title": "Shower of blessings and gifts as Samaira turns 4", "text": "DUGRI: The best way to begin a birthday is to seek blessings from the lord one believes in and that is how Samaira's day began as she turned four on Friday. Her parents Sonu and Shelly Saluja took her to the Dukhniwaran Gurdwara early morning and offered a 'rumala' and 'prasad'.They gifted their daughter a Barbie dress, a Barbie doll and a Barbie kitchen set.Samaira's grandfather Papinder Singh Saluja, 56, and grandmother Joginder Kaur brought her a gold earring on her birthday. The birthday girl's eight-year-old brother Sirat made a birthday card by himself and surprised his little sister with roses in the morning.Her aunt Preeti Gambhir came along with her daughter Amber to wish Samaira on turning four. She gifted her a huge teddy bear and a video game. \"I enjoyed my birthday a lot as my cousins Divjot, 6, Drisi, 10 and Karan, 10 came for my birthday,\" said an elated Samaira.The family went out for dinner in the evening to a shopping mall in the city. Samaira also practiced charity in the morning as she gifted toys to underprivileged kids at the gurdwara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15347085", "title": "Arvind signs agreement with union", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Weather officials on Friday told Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar that the state has received only six days of normal monsoon so far. Since June 1, Gujarat has gone without rains on 58 days out of the 64 days of monsoon.A detailed report on the status of monsoon in the state was presented before the minister. It showed that Gujarat was 67 per cent deficient in rains when compared to the average seasonal rainfall of 798 mm. Within Gujarat, the south, north, east and central parts of the state are 58 per cent deficient, while in Saurashtra and Kutch the deficit is an alarming 80 per cent. tnnOf the 26 districts in the state, nine have received deficient rains while rest 17 districts have received scanty rains where the deficit of rains is 60 per cent and above. The situation is obviously grim, said an official.There is low pressure over the Bay of Bengal and weather officials are closely monitoring the cloud movement to see if it can bring any succor to the state. \"If the low pressure over the Bay of Bengal moves towards Gujarat, there is hope of rains,\" an official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15346526", "title": "What steps should be taken to curb the rising number of suicide cases?", "text": "Suicide is committed when a person suffers from depression and is gripped by a feeling of hopelessness and helplessness. This feeling can be removed by getting the individual involved in group activity and helping the person build a positive attitude. Besides this, the individual should not be given false promises or pressurized with more unrealistic burdens.Supriya Arolkar Psychologist, MapusaI believe that suicide cases are increasing because of media coverage which describes the incident giving even the smallest detail. It is like giving a recipe on how to commit suicide. Due to which a copy cat suicide syndrome takes place wherein one can choose the most preferred method. Students, parents and educators should be properly educated about how to handle oneself while facing a problem. Such sessi ons should be conducted by professionals in schools for children from standard 8th to 10th as these years are very crucial.Grebian Alemao Counselling Pyschologist, FatordaI feel that people turn to suicide because they cannot find that source of comfort that they need after going through some kind of ordeal or that satisfaction that they seek in whatever they are doing. They need someone to share what they are going through and provide some sort of guidance or advice or some other kind of help. A close friend would usually fill that role but what about those who can't communicate with anyone because they feel embarrassed or if they are beyond the help of their peers for some reason? Perhaps the services of counsellors could be made available to the public for free.Peter D'souza Student, AnjunaStrengthening postgraduate training in psychiatry will go a long way in early detection and treatment of psychological disorders which are merely thought of as stress. It will also reduce the stigma of mental illness in society and promote early seeking of assistance. Besides this, commencing a new department of community psychiatry along with a department of psychotherapy, and drug and alcohol services with their network reaching into the general health services will make it possible for a large number of mental disorders to be identified and treated.Ashutosh Prabhudesa Doctor, Taleigao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345276", "title": "Consumers to have role in Delhi Jal Board's water discom model", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Jal Board on Friday decided to go to the Planning Commission with a model proposal to make way for private players in maintenance and operation of distribution of water to the consumer.However, the board decided to add a fourth 'P' to the public-private partnership model. The fourth P stands for people who will get a platform to express their grievances and share information on leakages from pipes.Emerging from the meeting, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said the Four Ps will play out in three model projects \u2014 Vasant Vihar, Malviya Nagar and Mehrauli. These areas have been chosen as they are among the list of places with highest leakage.Board CEO Debashree Mukherjee said the meeting discussed the proposal in detail and DJB will seek approval to take the plan forward. The projects propose to focus on dealing with leakage in the supply chain and, hence, aim for equitable distribution to all in the target area, Mukherjee said.Elaborating on the plan of execution, she said DJB would continue to be responsible for maintaining the supply of water to the underground reservoir. The role of the private player will begin from there as it will be responsible from maintaining the pipelines to the metering facility of the consumer. \"Any leakage will have to be tracked and the lines replaced. The performance of the private player will be monitored on a regular basis,\" Mukherjee said.To involve the consumer in preventing the leakage and ensure that such cases are reported, committees will be formed with representatives from RWAs and MLAs among others. The projects will also increase revenue generation and reduce energy consumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur/bikaner", "code": "15346098", "title": "Denied studies, girl kills herself", "text": "JAIPUR/BIKANER: An 18-year old academically promising girl jumped before a running train in Hanumangarh's Bhadara area on Friday morning, leaving a suicide note questioning conservative India's resistance to allowing girls the opportunity to higher education.In her note, Puja Kumawat wrote she was dejected that she couldn't pursue her dream of clearing IIT and AIEEE despite securing 84% marks in the senior secondary examination because of discrimination in her family against girls pursuing higher education.When TOI spoke to Puja's family members, they said that they could not send her to a big city to prepare for IIT because, once there, she would have to fend for herself. They said their insecurities surrounding their daughter in an alien place made them stonewall her pleas for higher education in a place of her choice.Puja had to enroll for a bachelor's degree from a private college near her home in Bhojasar village, which sent her into a depression.\"Her family members admitted her to Shyam College in Bhadara five days ago. She was a first year BSc student,\" said Mahendra Kumar, a lecturer at the college.Police said Puja left her house for the college around 7.30am, where she approached her lecturers requesting leave saying her grandfather was unwell and she needed to see him.\"She reached Bhadara junction, some 2km from the college, and jumped before a train around 10am. A police team was rushed to the spot where it recovered a few books and a handwritten note explaining why she was killing herself,\" said Bhadara police station in-charge Bhagala Ram.The note states, \"Hamesha ladkon ko hi opportunity kyo milti hai? Mai ladki hu isliye mujhe mauka nahi mila? Zindagi ke sapne purey na ho toh, zindagi ka kya fayda? B.Sc meri majboori hai. Bad luck. Apni marzi se jaan de rahi hu (why do only boys get all the opportunities? I am a girl, so I did not get the opportunity. When dreams are unfulfilled, there's no point to life. BSc is my compulsion. I am taking my life of my will).\"Her father Prithvi Singh Kumawat, who is a milk supplier, wept saying, \"Puja was a very bright student. She kept saying she wanted to pursue IIT. We could not send her to a big city as you know the circumstances there. A girl living alone in a big city is dangerous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345791", "title": "Challenging UPA to political fight: Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna seems to be set for a political debut with former Army chief Gen V K Singh also joining them in Jantar Mantar.Transforming the movement from a focused pro-Lokpal stir to a political platform can be a fraught gamble. But while Congress drew some relief from the developments, it might be premature for the ruling party to assume that public anger over graft has evaporated.The Team Anna decision might, however, force BJP to recast its strategy as it %has backed the movement, believing it hurts Congress the most.Retorting to the government's claim that the move exposes their political ambitions, Team Anna said it was challenging the Congress-led government to a political fight. \"We will uproot the current corrupt government. Till now we have been only requesting the government to implement the Jan Lokpal bill but now it is a larger movement. We have to throw them out of power,\" Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said.Just how far the movement can harm the Congress is to be seen although the opposition will hope that the activists continue to distract the government and erode the ruling coalition's urban support.Kejriwal challenged Congress to pass the activists' Jan Lokpal laws, including the right to recall, reject and gram sabhas. \"We also challenge all political parties to disclose their expenditure on elections. We will make public the amount of donations we get and the expenditures we make toward elections on our website,\" he added.Hazare said he would not launch a party or fight elections. \"I will go around the country for the next one and a half years to give an alternative. We have another two years left (for the elections) and I will awaken the people. I am confident that people will support the alternative,\" he said.Gen Singh criticized the government's failure in implementing policies that serve people. \"It is an absolute breakdown of democracy. There is rampant corruption, our GDP is going down, and inflation is so high that the common man is pushed to the edge. We are left with no direction,\" he said.Gen Singh was clearly a big draw. People tried to catch a glimpse and shake hands with him. The protest ground reverberated with slogans of 'Vande Mataram' with excited supporters yearning to see the winding up of the protest. Hazare reiterated his wish of staying outside politics and backing chosen candidates. Manish Sisodia said there was probably no other way out for the team. \"We are left with just two options. Either we fast for years which will have little impact on the government. But look at Irom Sharmila, has it made a difference? Or we start a political revolution.\"But Medha Patkar differed, saying, \"One has to ensure that people who are awakened remain so and one has to think 100 times before taking a plunge into electoral politics. If he (Hazare) joins politics, then the momentum gained should not be lost. When people with noble intentions join politics, either they don't last long or they don't achieve much.\"Santosh Hegde also differed, saying, \"I don't support Anna Hazare and his team starting a political party. But I have heard Anna speaking on TV that he is neither forming a party nor contesting elections, but may support people wanting to contest elections whom he knows will help the cause of fight against corruption and bring about political change in %the country.\"All in all, it was a historical moment of sorts. While a section of Hazare's huge supporter base was disappointed that the campaign made no headway, Team Anna tried hard to strike an emotional chord and garner support for their political ambitions.Setting the tone for their entry in to politics, Team Anna made feisty speeches, created a picture of the ideal party and spelt out the reasons behind choosing a political alternative.On Friday, the supporters started trickling in by afternoon but by 4.30pm, a crowd of around 4,000 supporters had gathered. They swarmed around the LCD screen to catch a glimpse of Hazare breaking his fast.But first came long winding speeches by Team Anna members. This time Muslim or dalit children were not called to break Hazare's fast. Instead it was Gen Singh who handed over glasses of tender coconut to the four fasting members, Hazare, Kejriwal, Sisodia and Gopal Rai.Since Thursday, the team claimed to have received 10 lakh votes on the option, of ending their fast and joining politics, laid out in front of them. The team claims that 90% of the people voted in favor of their decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344796", "title": "Commute 'cashless' on BEST buses from Tuesday", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters need not worry about loose change or carry cash while traveling by BEST buses as the undertaking has now introduced a prepaid RFID (radio frequency identification) smart card similar to the one used on the suburban railway system.The cashless travel facility will be launched from Wadala depot on Aug 7, BEST day. A BEST official said, \"We aim to provide this facility at all the depots in the city within a fortnight. Commuters can recharge the card in multiples of Rs 100 at these depots.\"During the journey, commuters can give this card to the conductor, who will deduct the amount as per the fare applicable and return the card containing the balance amount. Details such as balance amount remaining in the card, along with fare and destination will be displayed on the ticket handed to the commuter by the conductor.\"The official said, \"Using the photo ID card, a commuter can book as many as six tickets travelling with him.\" He added,\"The balance amount will be carried forward whenever the commuter opts to recharge the card.\"BEST official said, \"It is similar to smart card operated Automatic Ticket Vending Machines (ATVM) used on suburban railway system. The only difference being that conductor will remove the ticket in BEST buses. Whereas, in railway the commuter can operate the ATVM on his own or take the help of facilitators.\"The official said, \"A large number of complaints are received by the administration with regards to inadequate change either with the conductor or the commuters. The smart card will solve the problem.\" The new system will definitely help improve the image of the BEST, which has taken beating in the last few years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "15346507", "title": "Botsa okay with Chiru becoming CM", "text": "TIRUMALA: Joining the bandwagon of Kapu leaders, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana on Friday said he would be happy if Chiranjeevi becomes the chief minister. The PCC chief, who was on a trip to Tirumala, was quick to add that every politician nurtures the dream of becoming the chief minister of the state.It was minister C Ramachandraiah who started it all. Another Kapu minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao too said that the people of the state wanted to see Chiranjeevi as the CM. Both Ramachandraiah and Ganta are close followers of Chiranjeevi.But Botsa's pro-Chiranjeevi remarks have come as a surprise for political analysts. Botsa said that he did not have any problem if Chiranjeevi becomes the CM and added that he has all the qualities for the post.The PCC president lambasted the TDP BC declaration plan as a drama. He maintained that Congress has nothing to do with current investigations on YSR Congress president YS Jaganmohan Reddy .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15346426", "title": "Migrant truck drivers to come under scanner", "text": "PORVORIM: The government will start exercising stricter control and monitoring of migrant mining truck drivers in Goa soon, chief minister Manohar Parrikar told the legislative assembly on Friday.Intervening in a discussions over a starred question regarding mining truck drivers to transport minister Ramkrishna Dhavalikar, the chief minister said that all mining truck drivers will have to compulsorily register with the mines department. He also said that once the government's mining policy is finalized, all other aspects of the guidelines for mining truck drivers will become clear.Parrikar said that the mining truck drivers will have to get NOCs from the transport department regarding their fitness, health, etc, and that the government will keep detailed records of the drivers as there are also cases of molestation and crime occurring in the mining belt.Dhavalikar said that the mining truck drivers will be subjected to special tests like driving at night time, on hilly terrain, and on wet roads.Earlier, there were calls for strict maintenance of detailed records of mining truck drivers by the government. During the course of the discussion, the House was told that there were a lot of accidents and hit-and-run cases in the mining belt in Goa, and also prostitution was rampant, and thus the incidence of HIV/AIDS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15346778", "title": "Green signal for Mysore-Cincinnati pact", "text": "MYSORE: The controversy over signing of the Sister City agreement with Cincinnati in the US has now been buried by the Mysore City Corporation as they formally accepted the MoU on Friday.Putting an end to the controversy that had divided the ruling combine Congress and JD(S), the House resolved to accept the pact that aims to promote mutual understanding and friendship between the people of the two cities.While the pact was signed by Mysore MP Adagooru H Vishwanath, a Congress leader in the US city on July 11, the JD(S) leaders had argued that it has no sanctity as the mayor, who is the head of the civic body, had to do the honours. The mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy didn't go to Cincinnati and the corporation commissioner M R Ravi was not allowed to visit the US by the government given the ban on visit overseas. Following the JD(S) charge, the Congress leaders had jumped to the support of the MP accusing the ruling partner of playing politics.During the Council meeting, Vishwanath handed over the MoU to the mayor saying the document belonged to the civic body. The MP, who visited Cincinnati following a request by the Indian ambassador in US Nirupama Rao, said there were procedural lapses in the run up to the signing of the MoU but asked the members to put it aside looking at the larger picture.Former mayor, Sandesh Swamy of JD(S), agreed but asserted that the pact has to be okayed by other government departments and the House has to resolve that the pact is okayed. He was contested by his partyman, H N Srikantaiah, on the grounds that the MP is member of the House and empowered to represent it. \"It is pro-development move and lets not oppose it on political lines,\" he told his partymen. Still the JD(S) members asserted to know whether the pact is valid?Intervening the MP, Vishwanath had handed over the MoU to the mayor for her acceptance. Now with the approval of the mayor and the House, the Sister City program will be a government programme and everyone will have to abide by it. Ending the debate, the Council accepted the pact that extends extensive exchanges and cooperative ventures in various fields. Mysore is Cincinnati's eighth Sister City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15346989", "title": "Five held for looting Rs 44 lakh", "text": "BANGALORE: Cabbie Raghavendra Reddy, 32, had an overriding ambition to get rich quickly. And he had the cunning to match his ambition but on Friday, he was nabbed.With four siblings as associates, Reddy hatched a plot that took three days to execute: on July 27, they fled with Rs 44 lakh cash meant for State Bank of India ATMs here. But police got enough clues to nab them within a week and recovered Rs 27 lakh. Police suspect the gang splurged the rest of the money.Reddy spotted several loopholes in the way CMS Securitas, a cash management and related services company, engaged cab operators to ferry money to ATMs. He approached Encash Tours and Travels, JC Nagar which offered cab service to CMS Securitas and posed as Chandrashekar. Encash and CMS Securitas didn't check even his driving licence to confirm his identity.On July 25, Chandrashekar reported for work at CMS Securitas. But instead of an Encash vehicle, he took a stolen Tata Sumo vehicle. The stolen vehicle carried a number plate showing an Encash vehicle number.\"Raghavendra wanted to commit offence only when the cash consignment was huge. On the first two days, he transported a single cash box delivering money to less than 20 ATMs. On July 27, he saw two cash boxes and realized that there was big money to be had,\" a senior investigating officer told TOI.\"Raghavendra told CMS officials he was on leave and his associate Sikandar Pasha would drive the vehicle,\" police said.When Sikandar drove the vehicle, Raghavendra and three associates followed him on two bikes. \"Raghavendra called Sikandar on his mobile and directed him to slow down near Ramachandrapura Road near Tumkur Road,\" police said.When Sikandar slowed down the vehicle, Ragahavendra and gang stopped it. They forcibly evicted other CMS Securitas staffers from the vehicle before speeding away with the money.While Raghavendra is a KR Puram resident, his associates are from Kolar. The four brothers are Javed Pasha, 25, of KR Puram, Jamshed Pasha, 33, who drove cabs for an IT major, Mujahid Pasha, 21, and Sikandar Pasha, 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349948", "title": "Stevie Wonder to divorce wife after 11 years", "text": "Stevie Wonder has filed for divorce from his wife Kai Millard Morris after three years of separation.The blind soul singer filed papers in California to bring an end to his 11-year marriage to the fashion designer.According to TMZ.com , Wonder put two fingerprints instead of a signature in the court documents, the Telegraph reported.He is also referred to by his full name Stevland Morris . The pair separated in 2009 and have two sons together.In the documents Wonder requests joint custody of the children in return for paying spousal and child support.There was no indication of how much of Wonder's multi-million dollar fortune, Morris would be entitled to.Wonder was married to Motown singer Syreeta Wright from 1970 to 1972 and has seven children in total.Among them was Aisha Morris, born in 1975, who was the inspiration for Wonder's song \"Isn't she lovely.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347154", "title": "Tunnel to link Amber, Jaigarh Forts soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Tourists will now be able to go from the Amber to Jaigarh Forts through an underground tunnel which connects these two monuments. The tunnel will become operational from first week of September.This was announced by tourism, art and culture minister Bina Kak after she visited the tunnel on Friday. Also present on the occasion was former royal family member Diya Kumari, trustee-cum-secretary of the Jaigarh Public Charitable Trust (JPCT).As per an agreement last year with the JPCT, the work related to the tunnel under the Amber Fort was to be conducted by the Amber Development &amp; Management Authority (ADMA). Half the tunnel is now ready from the Amber Fort to Madho Singh ki Dhani (415 metre). And from Madho Singh ki Dhani to Jaigarh Fort, (457 metre) tourists will travel on battery-operated carts. The portion of the tunnel under the Jaigarh Fort is to be excavated by the JPCT, which will be completed shortly.Kak directed the officers to ensure that all precautions be taken before commencing the battery car operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "15347197", "title": "Naga women's body seeks changes in liquor law", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Naga Women Hoho Dimapur (NWHD) has asked the state government to review or amend \"The Nagaland Liquor Total Prohibition Act, 1989\" with suitable strategies applicable to the state's situation.Submitting a copy of the resolution of the July 28 public rally to chief minister Neiphiu Rio , the NWHD stated that on April 13, 1990, the governor of Nagaland had given the assent. The Nagaland Gazette said the Act is to totally prohibit possession, sale, consumption and manufacture of liquor and import and export thereof in the state of Nagaland.However, \"The Nagaland Liquor Total Prohibition Act, 1989\" becomes meaningless when license/permit is given to have bonded warehouses in the state of Nagaland by virtue of sections 15 and 17 of the Act.The Hoho said such loopholes have resulted in free flow of liquor and created better opportunities for black marketeers for illegal supply and sale of liquor from Khatkhati border in Assam and bonded warehouses in Nagaland. \"In fact, the Act is attracting more illegal liquor suppliers and license holders to flourish their business. It has deceived the people and has ruined many lives,\" stated the NWHD.The group further reminded the Government to strengthen and give quality professional support to the Alcohol and Drugs Rehabilitation Centre run by the Government and NGOs in the state.The NWHD also urged the chief minister to inform associations, churches, institutions, families and individuals through the media and by organizing workshops and seminars to discourage consumption of alcohol.Urging the government to do away with section 15 and 17 and other related allied sections of \"The Nagaland Liquor Total Prohibition act, 1989\", the women group said sections related to penalty and punishment need to be amended so that the violators are punished.The government should be serious and act urgently to make the Nagaland Liquor Total Prohibition Act, 1989, meaningful, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15346797", "title": "Lokayukta gets two more months to file chargesheet", "text": "INDORE: A local court has given two more months to Lokayukta Special Establishment (SPE) for presenting a challan in the Khajarana Jagir land scam. Court has asked SPE to submit challan on October 5, when the next hearing of the case will take place.The Lokayukta police again claimed before the special sessions judge that the probe officers were yet to record statements of several witness and collect certain documents to support their case. The appeal was contested by the plaintiff saying that Lokayukta police is delaying the case intentionally to favour the accused. They said that Lokayukta has initiated an investigation into land acquisition in Khajrana Jagir following instruction of a local court in October 2011, but still it has not been able to complete the investigation.However, the court accepted the plea of Lokayukta and allowed the investigating agency to submit the challan in two months time.The case in Khajrana Jagir was registered in 2007 after a compliant was lodged in the court by former MLA Suresh Seth who alleged that the land acquisition process in Khajrana was deliberately delayed to benefit certain developers at that time in 2006.In 2006, around 41 hectares of land was identified by the MP housing board for constructing houses for poor under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNRUM). The board wrote to the Indore collector in this connection. However, the entire process came to a standstill and later the same land was purchased by realtors who developed colonies on the land.Following complaint, the court has instructed the Lokayukta to probe the issue. Later, Lokayukta had served notices to nine revenue officials including the then collector and land acquisition officer and asked to submit the documents related to case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346457", "title": "Call for speedy completion of metro rail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Terming the city's transport system as a major cause of worry, C V Anand, additional commissioner of police (traffic), on Friday stressed the need for speedy completion of metro lines and removal of bottlenecks and obstructions on the city's major roads. Speaking at a workshop on transport strategy for Hyderabad metropolitan area, he highlighted some of the major transportation issues of the city and pointed out the areas which require special attention.Anand said that the number of vehicles was increasing alarmingly in the city but the road area had remained the same for around five years. \"Removing natural and man-made obstructions, relocating religious bottlenecks and electric poles on widened roads would increase the road area by around 20%,\" said C V Anand.Talking about the few roads used by most people on a daily basis, he said that S P Road, Road No.1 Banjara Hills and the road leading to Hi-Tec City usually face traffic jams during rush hours everyday. Lack of alternative roads shows the lack of planning when it comes to connectivity.He added, \"City roads need to be made safer, especially for pedestrians as footpaths across the city are being encroached upon and crossing a road is very difficult.\" Later, he emphasised on the need for MMTS phase II and metro in the city. The workshop, conducted by the HMDA and Fapcci, aimed at planning transportation strategies in the city for the next 30 years and also presented the data collected by a Comprehensive Transportation Study ( CTS) being conducted here. The study showed that traffic on city roads has increased by 108% from 1999; while two-wheeler ownership has quadrupled in this period, number of people using buses has been stagnant for over five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15344794", "title": "Ensure Vrindavan widows live in dignity: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Abandoned by relatives and living in abject poverty in humiliating conditions, Vrindavan widows will have some dignity restored.The Supreme Court on Friday ended the age-old indifference and neglect of these hapless widows by asking the UP government and Mathura authorities to provide proper food, medical facility and clean toilets at four government-run shelter homes at Vrindavan, which house more than 1,700 women.After the National Commission for Women (NCW) showed little interest in ameliorating their condition, the National Legal Services Authority stepped in, conducted a detailed survey of the condition of these women and suggested several improvements. Many of these abandoned women make a living by begging, noted the survey.Before passing the order, a bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan B Lokur made known their anguish at the failure of the authorities and the NCW. \"It is worse that in spite of your (NCW) visit (to Vrindavan), you have not done anything,\" the bench said.But what pained the SC most was a report by District Legal Services Authority of Vrindavan which narrated how inmates who died were packed into gunny bags and dumped away. The bench ordered that a team of doctors will visit the shelter homes twice a week and the chief medical officer will provide a doctor in case of any emergency and will ensure last rites were conducted of any deceased inmates. The court also constituted a panel to ensure that \"proper food is supplied\" and the head of the health department \"shall ensure toilets are kept in good condition,\" said the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15347311", "title": "End step-motherly treatment, say district officials", "text": "NAGPUR: The recognized district associations of the Vidarbha Cricket Association (VCA) have expressed their unhappiness towards the step-motherly treatment being meted out to them. Some members who TOI spoke to feel they don't get the same facilities as compared to Nagpur clubs, and that is affecting the growth of the game in the region.While most officials sought anonymity, the secretary of the Khamgaon-based Buldhana District Amateur Cricket Association (BDACA), Chadrakant Salunkhe has spoken out against the ban VCA has imposed on him. The VCA has derecognized Salunkhe's association last month for using \"unparliamentary\" words/language during a meeting at Buldhana last year.\"Despite repeated warnings, the BDACA was not ready resolve their internal disputes. They also used unparliamentary words/language towards VCA officials,\" reads a paragraph in VCA's annual report.Salunkhe, however, denied using any foul language. \"We had just voiced our concerns. We have been running the association for over two decades and have produced players more than any district, all this despite limited facilities. Players like Shreekant Wagh, Amol Jungade, Amol Ubarhande and others have made VCA proud. If we get this kind of treatment, it's unacceptable to us,\" Salunkhe told TOI.He also alleged that the VCA gave a step-motherly treatment to the districts. \"Players from Nagpur get sufficient exposure. They have Guzder League, MN Dorairajan Trophy, inter-school age categories tournaments, inter-club summer tournaments. We don't get even an inter-district tournament. VCA had launched Emerging District Programme (EDP) but surprisingly called off after coach Neil D'Costa parted ways with it,\" he said.Another district member too echoed the same sentiments. \"Five six years back, when Sharad Bhake was district chairman, we used to have inter-district tournaments and also inter-zone meets too. Several players are now playing for Vidarbha. Now they say districts don't have the talent, which is unfair. If Nagpur have so many talented players why were they in the Plate Group for the last 8-9 years? How can you judge the talent without providing them enough opportunities? Last year, not a single tournament was organized,\" he said.Another member raised the affiliation issue for the district units. \"The Maharashtra Cricket Association (MCA) has 22 affiliated district units while VCA has none. VCA has only recognized units. We are still not members and we don't have voting rights. Why this discrimination? I don't understand. While in-laws and friends of VCA's executive members have got membership, we are being deprived despite keeping the game alive,\" he said.A district representative wants to have fixed funds for each of the district. \"Is it Nagpur Cricket Association or Vidarbha Cricket Association? Can VCA run the game if it doesn't get funds from the BCCI? They have 22 executive members and 10 of them can supervise the working of each district like Maharashtra government has guardian ministers. It's getting very difficult for us. There should be a fixed policy. The officials change after every three year but tournaments and policies remain intact. Unfortunately, here policies changed with officials. There aren't enough activities for us for the last ten months or so,\" he said.When contacted, VCA president Prakash Dixit said, \"I don't want to comment on the issue right now. I will definitely speak to the media after the AGM on Sunday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345356", "title": "To beat ban, tourists use ST bus to enter Tadoba", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the Supreme Court has ordered an interim ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves, wildlife buffs have hit upon the idea to use the state transport bus that passes through the Tadoba National Park for tiger sighting.After the apex court decision on July 24, an immediate ban was enforced on entry of tourists in Tadoba and advanced bookings were also cancelled.TOI had reported that even as the ban is a good decision, there are practical problems on completely enforcing it. State transport buses continue to use the tar road inside Tadoba on the Chimur-Chandrapur route.Tourists, hungry for some action, are taking the bus route to have a glimpse of Tadoba that has turned lush green. Some tourists were lucky to sight tigers and even a leopard, besides other wild animals on the Navegaon-Tadoba-Moharli 25km stretch.Varun Thakkar, a wildlife lover and regular visitor to Tadoba, was one who used the public bus for tourism. \"I sighted a leopard and a tiger,\" he said.Tourist vehicles are said to be a hindrance for wildlife, but Thakkar felt that the ST buses could create more problems as they run at speeds of 60-70 kmph on the tar road. \"The movement of buses may prove to be disastrous for wildlife,\" he said.On July 21, another wildlife lover Indranil Paul photographed four tiger cubs on the tar road even as a state transport bus was speeding towards them.As there are 5 villages inside Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), the movement of buses cannot be stopped. \"Jamni, Navegaon and Palasgaon villagers still use the bus service. However, some villagers inside who use bicycles to move out also sighted tigers recently. It will be impracticable to make Tadoba inviolate without relocating these villages,\" Thakkar said.\"Tourists getting rowdy is unacceptable. Keeping the core areas inviolate is good but all the practical problems should be considered before taking such a decision,\" said Paul, who was among the few tourists inside the park when the ban was announced by the court.TOI has learnt that tourists board the bus at 9am from Navegaon (Ramdegi) and alight at Moharli. After lunching at Moharli or at the MTDC complex, they board the return bus around 3.45pm for Navegaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15341112", "title": "Friendship Day: CITCO promotes the spirit of friendship", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To promote the spirit of friendship and to make Friendship day memorable, a special dance night event with food, as an exquisite treat for people has been planned by CITCO, hospitality arm of UT administration, at Hotel Mountview on this weekend on 4th &amp; 5th August.There will be many events during two days festivity like like 'best dancing couple', 'best dressed couple and 'talent of the evening' with special prizes for best dancing couple. Talent of the evening activity shall showcase singing talent amongst the visitors to the Hotels and participating in the dance night with the DJ System in full blast.Young populace, who not only desire to dine in style and enjoy will have sumptuous Buffet layout at Magic Wok. Special buffet will comprise of two vegetarian and two non- vegetarian snacks, 2 non- vegetarian and 4 vegetarian dishes in the main course, 1 Rice and 1 Noodle Dish, 4 salads and 3 desserts with timings from 8 pm onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346680", "title": "HC seeks administration reply on Anta Haat encroachments", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Thursday directed the Patna district administration and PMC to file affidavits stating if rampant encroachment and illegal structures existed around the Bankipore Club near Anta Haat here. A division bench comprising Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Vikash Jain issued the directive while hearing a PIL of Ratnesh Kumar Rahi, seeking direction to the district administration and PMC to clear the area near Bankipore Club of encroached structures and clean the area.Homeopathic Medical College and Hospital: The same bench directed the state government to send a requisition to the Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) in two weeks to start the process for selection of professors and readers in Rai Bahadur Tunki Sah Homoeopathic Medical Colleges and Hospital, Muzaffarpur. The order was passed on a contempt petition of Sudhir Kumar Ojha, submitting that the high court had earlier directed the state government to take steps for filling up 10 posts of professors and 10 posts of readers in the Tunki Sah Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital. The court order was not complied with, as a result of which teaching in the college and treatment of patients in the hospital suffered a lot, the petitioner submitted.LIC Group Insurance: The same bench directed the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) to produce the master chart with procedure for payment of group insurance scheme benefits.The directive came while hearing the matter pertaining to payment to group insurance claim to the next of kin of an assistant of G J College, Bihta, Patna, Anil Manjhi, who had died in harness and the insurance claim of Rs 1 lakh was not paid by the LIC to his wife, Lalita Devi.The court was hearing the LPA of the LIC, challenging the verdict of a single bench presided by Justice Jyoti Saran that as the term of the group insurance policy continued on March 7, 2000, the date of death of the assistant Anil Manjhi, his wife Lalita Devi was entitled to get the insurance claim of Rs 1 lakh with 8% interest.In its LPA, the LIC claimed that the concerned college (employer) had not paid the premium amount of Rs 100 for group insurance contribution of Anil Manjhi on February 28, 2000, and so the Master Policy concerning his group insurance claim had lapsed before he died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345090", "title": "Versova deaths: Cops to seek parents\u2019 nod to exhume bodies", "text": "MUMBAI: The parents of the Versova siblings Rehab and Rameez Chougle, who died of pesticide poisoning, met the police on Friday after returning from Muscat.Gayasuddin and Farzana Chougle said they were ready to cooperate with the police. The said they had not gone missing; they had left the country without informing anybody as the police had not instructed them to stay back or keep them apprised of their movements.The meeting took place at additional commissioner Vishwas Nangre Patil's office. Officers said they would soon call the couple for detailed statements and also seek their consent to exhume their children's bodies for post-mortem. The police, however, have no evidence to suggest foul play and verification of circumstantial evidence has led them to believe that accident was the cause of the twin deaths. \"We have to see what additional evidence we may get after exhumation. We have a report saying poison was found in Rehab's stomach,\" said an officer. As Rameez also displayed similar symptoms, the cause of both deaths was likely to be the same, he said, adding, \"The exhumation will help us ascertain the negligence on the part of the doctor who conducted Rehab's post-mortem.\"On Friday, Farzana re-activated her local number that had been unavailable since July 22. But she refused comment saying she was busy and her husband was at prayer.Arrested pest control contractor Rukhsar Almelkar will furnish surety for bail at an Andheri court on Monday. Her lawyer Amin Solkar said, \"Seeing that the police have applied Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), the court had asked if as a pest control firm staffer, my client had the intention to kill. After all, the aim of fumigation was to kill bugs not human beings. Police do not even have a proper post-mortem note or evidence to prove that the deaths directly resulted from fumigation. If the siblings had inhaled poisonous fumes, traces of poison would have been found in the lungs and not stomach. Rukhsar has minor children and there was nothing to be gained or recovered by detaining her.\"Solkar said the Pune distributor sold the pesticide in September 2011, which raises questions about how anybody, with an intent to kill, could have planned the deaths so far back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15346800", "title": "We are lonely, say sex workers from South Africa", "text": "MYSORE: \"We face several problems in South Africa. We don't have proper health care, are harassed by police, ill-treated by public and even sometimes have faced death threat from clients, \" said a group of sex workers from South Africa.The six sex workers, three each from Kenya and Zimbabwe, were in Mysore for training at Ashodaya Academy, an organization working for the welfare of sex workers in Mysore, and shared their experiences and conditions under which sex workers live in their home countries with the media on Friday.John Mathence, a male sex worker from Kenya, said once sex workers are diagnosed with HIV in Africa, they start showing signs of trauma. Lack of medical care affects them and later the majority of sex workers living with HIV are dependent only on herbal medicine. According to Mathence, nearly 40 per cent of sex workers, including 15 per cent of women, are living with HIV people in Africa.While Walida Aaithira Wanjohn of Kenya claimed they are not identified as sex workers. However, if they are caught by police they are booked for loitering or misconduct. Health care is available far from their places and health units are controlled by private players. Surprisingly, none of the sex workers are working in health units in Mysore and every time they need to fight to get medicines for themselves.Phelister Wambolabdalla, another Kenyan, said safety of sex workers is a serious concern in their country. \"We are lonely and don't feel safe in our country. But back in India, we are like a family and work as a team in Mysore which we expect in our country,\" he said.Pahence Nkonmo from Zimbabwe claimed so far no local organization had studied about sex workers and their problems in her country.Sex workers were here for a week-long training on Community led HIV prevention programme organized by Ashodaya Samithi. Ashodaya academy director Akram Pasha and other workers were present.Sex workers are ill-treated by both public and authorities in our country. Sometimes they are locked up at police station and physically abused by police officers for many days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "15346631", "title": "Morcha selects Gorkha Janmukti Morcha bosses", "text": "DARJEELING: Just a day after the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) swept the Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA) election, the party selected the chief executive, chairman and deputy chairman of the GTA sabha on Friday.While Morcha chief Bimal Gurung was selected as the chief executive, Pradip Pradhan and Lopsang Yolmo from Kurseong were the unanimous decisions for the chairman and the deputy chairman of the sabha.\"The first meeting of the GTA sabha was held on Friday where the GTA members selected the chief executive, chairman and deputy chairman. As for the rest of the executive members, we will discuss and choose them at a later date,\" said Gurung.According to the tripartite agreement of the GTA, it has been maintained that the executive body shall consist of a chief executive, who will nominate 14 members out of the elected/nominated members as the executive member. One of them shall be the deputy chief to the nominated by the chief executive.Speaking on their decision on the office of the GTA, Gurung said, \"We are yet to decide where our office will be located. We feel Lal Khuti, from which the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council used to function, will be small for the functioning of 45 elected members. We are thinking of forming the office here at Bhanu Bhawan, but nothing has been finalized.\"The Morcha chief was also seen visiting Chowrasta - the venue of Saturday's oath-taking programme that will be marked by the presence of chief minister Mamata Banerjee and governor M K Narayanan. Sushil Kumar Shinde , the new home minister, is also expected to be present on Saturday's occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346757", "title": "'Nizam's Wakf Committee must get its act together'", "text": "HYDERABAD: A person, before embarking on Haj, wishes to complete all his worldly obligations. Raising a family, educating his children and getting them married are some of the tasks he wants to complete before undertaking the journey for spiritual purification. By the time all this is over he finds himself a senior citizen.This soon-to-be Haji is looked upon with respect by the people in his neighbourhood. He is given all necessary support. Everyone believes that he would bring good tidings for all on his return. On reaching the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia he is called 'the guest of God.'Keeping the inflow of pilgrims in mind, many former Indian princes and nawabs built inns or rubaths for them in Saudi Arabia. Among these were nobles of Hyderabad state. Beginning from the times of the fifth Nizam Afzal-ud Daulah or may be even before that, the nobles of Hyderabad have been building rubaths in Mecca and Madina.According to Najaf Ali Khan, a scion of the Nizam's family, there were 42 properties in Mecca and Madina that belonged to Mir Osman Ali Khan. Of these there were seven rubaths, 17 shops, three houses and nine storehouses in Mecca. The rubaths were meant for pilgrims to stay while the rent of the houses, shops and storehouses was for their upkeep.Mir Barkat Ali Khan or former prince Mukarram Jah succeeded his grandfather. The prince who inherited the legacy of the Nizam faced a liquidity crunch from the beginning. His cash was locked up in immovable properties and he was engulfed by numerous disputes with the government as well as the large family the Nizam had left behind. His priority was not saving the far off rubaths, it was salvaging whatever he could in Hyderabad.In 1980s a lawyer from Hyderabad, Shareef Mohammed, was appointed as the GPA of the Nizam to take care of the properties in Mecca. He did a good job in negotiating with the Saudi authorities as one property after the other was acquired by the government for its grand Haram expansion project. But even before he could resolve all the sticky matters Shareef Mohammed passed away, leaving a vacuum which the caretakers of the Nizam's properties in Hyderabad could not fill. One of his sons Hussain Shareef who had worked with his father saw the opportunity in taking over the custody of the rubaths. He sought GPA from the Nizam's Estate which was declined. Bypassing their authority he went to the Saudi officials and filed his claim. That, says he, was granted to him. He went a step further last year to allot accommodation in two buildings (only two are left now) to the Umra pilgrims. There was no objection from the Nizam's Wakf Committee. He moved further this year to create an on-line system of allotting accommodation to the poor Haj pilgrims. At this stage the Wakf Committee realized that it was being totally marginalized by the 'illegal' caretaker.The Wakf Committee has so far come across as a poor match to the resourceful Hussain Shareef who after acquiring Saudi nationality is using every trick in his bag to outwit the uninspiring and unorganized group of people who represent the interests of the Nizam.At stake in this ugly tussle is the accommodation for about 400 poor pilgrims. Hussain Shareef has announced their selection through an online process. The Wakf Committee rejected it. It said it would send its own list of pilgrims. Clearly, neither Hussain Shareef nor the Wakf Committee realizes the grave folly of playing with the needs and sentiments of the pilgrims.Does it have to be said that the Wakf Committee of the Nizam has to put its act together fast enough to save the year for the Hajis? Yes, because it is hard on hearing and dead slow in action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350221", "title": "Independent, are we? Asks Ranchi youth", "text": "Ahead of a tricolour T-shirt painting contest that will be held at a city institute on Sunday, youngsters share their views on what they feel is lacking when they sing their freedom song.As India steps into its 66th year of independence, the youth of Ranchi came together to show their creativity and show that they are not lagging behind in any respect. We caught up with Priya Kumari, Sneha, Paridhi, Akash and Madhvi \u2014 all students of a fashion institute in the city \u2014 who volunteered to be a part of the TOI photoshoot. And boy, did they have fun! They smeared themselves with colours of the Indian flag and created innovative body art.Ranchi Times lends an ear to what these students feel about the kind of independence they lack in Ranchi and what they would have got had they lived in any other metro.And their outburst of angst surprised us. For them, independence means freedom from all the restrictions, including restriction of wearing short clothes, talking on phone till late into the night and hanging around with the opposite sex. The gang emphasized that the problem doesn't lie with them but with the small town mentality that restricts them from spreading their wings.According to Priya Kumari, the biggest restriction is that of having friends of the opposite sex. \"In metros girls can easily mingle with boys without anyone questioning their character. But here people are always concerned about what you are doing or with whom you are talking. If you are spotted alone with a boy even at a public place, it becomes a problem,\" she said.Sneha said she wants freedom to wear shorts in public. \"One cannot wear shorts and skirts and walk on the roads of Ranchi. And if someone dares to do that, she will be victimized,\" she said.Freedom of doing part-time jobs is also one thing that the students lack in the city. Said Paridhi, \"If you are doing part-time jobs for pocket money, people will look down upon you. But in metros, you can easily do a part time job with your studies.\"Akash wants to party late into the night. \"This is one thing the youth of Ranchi lack. None of the parents will allow their children to stay out of their home after 9 pm. Nightouts with friends is stuff of dreams. This is not the same in metros. This has to change,\" he said.Madhvi says that for girls the biggest restriction is talking over the phone till late in the night if they stay at home. Said she, \"If I get a call late into the night and want to chat with my friend, my parents will invariably ask me a thousand questions. We want less interference in our lives.\"Are people listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15346523", "title": "Locals want removal of encroachments at Tivim", "text": "MAPUSA: Tivim residents have demanded removal of encroachments on land belonging to the comunidade of Tivim.Villagers, including members of Tivim comunidade, alleged that there are about 60 illegal hutments on Tivim comunidade's agricultural land and the number of such structures is increasing steadily. In a written reply tabled on the floor of the house during the assembly session, revenue minister Francis D'Souza had stated that Tivim constituency has the maximum number of illegal structures on comunidade land.As per information provided in the assembly, Tivim has 41 illegal structures constructed on comunidade land. In almost all cases the land has been encroached on for residential purposes. Cases filed against the encroachments are pending in the high court, the house was informed.Antonio Fonseca, a gaunkar of the Tivim comunidade, who has been raising his voice against encroachments, said that there are around 60 houses built on the land belonging to the comunidade of Tivim.Fonseca has alleged that a powerful businessman from Belgaum, in connivance with the local authorities, is bringing migrant labourers and allowing them to construct pucca houses on the comunidade land illegally.\"There is fear and anxiety in the minds of the people about the illegal houses increasing rapidly on the Tivim comunidade land, it is turning out to be another Moti Dongor, it should be stopped,\" Fonseca said. He said that they have approached all the authorities, but no action has been taken so far.\"Encroachers from the land in question should be evicted, the houses should be demolished and the comunidade land should be allotted fairly to the needy persons,\" Fonseca said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "15346635", "title": "Hills sceptical of Gorkhaland Territorial Administration on eve of oath-taking", "text": "DARJEELING: The least that the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) could have done before the oath-taking ceremony of the elected members to the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) on Saturday was remove the word 'Gorkhaland' from the signboards of shops and establishments in Darjeeling. After all, Saturday's event is a constitutional one to be attended by West Bengal governor M K Narayanan, Union ministers Sushil Kumar Shinde and Mukul Roy, apart from chief minister Mamata Banerjee .While the GJM has kept the demand for Gorkhaland in abeyance and one of its MLAs Harka Bahadur Chhetri has gone so far as to say that there won't be a demand for a separate state till Mamata is the chief minister, there is indication enough that the issue is very much alive and kicking. There are several political groups in the three Hills subdivisions, which are actually waiting to corner the GJM on this issue, sources revealed. Under the circumstances, the GJM doesn't wish to ruffle feathers further by ordering the removal of the signs. Even some establishments bang opposite the dais on Darjeeling Mall, where the ceremony will be held, have 'Gorkhaland' emblazoned across their signboards.It was also interesting to note that save for a part of Darjeeling town, there was little enthusiasm about the event. This was quite unlike the scenes witnessed before and during the signing of the GTA agreement in 2011. Some apprehension seems to have already crept into the minds of people about whether the GTA would be able to deliver. Unlike before the signing of the GTA agreement, the fanfare is missing completely. Save for the Mall, there were few flags or banners visible in the town. Signs outside liquor shops announcing a 'dry day' on Saturday were the only indication of the ceremony.\"There are several issues that need to be addressed. The chief minister and two Union ministers are in town, but there is no power. All establishments are running on generators. There is severe water scarcity and the traffic situation is horrible. There is no parking facility in the town. This results in major chaos. The GNLF did nothing to sort out these issues. Till date, the GJM has also not shown any indication of taking up these problems,\" said the owner of a curio shop at the Mall.According to P K Gurung, a retired teacher, the GTA needs to create opportunities for the people. \"We are optimistic but there is always the possibility of funds being misused. Subhas Ghising has already shown us how this is done. What is required is transparency in the system. It is better to wait and watch,\" he said.A tour operator in Darjeeling sounded less optimistic. \"It was the GJM that finished off tourism in the Hills for several years. People are still counting their losses. No responsible group behaves in this manner. The new administrative body will have to behave in a much more responsible manner and take special steps for development rather than fill their pockets,\" he said.Nearly all residents indicated that there is a long way to go for the GTA before it can be called a successful body. The oath taking ceremony is just the beginning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15346965", "title": "CM, ministers to spare time for party workers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav have decided to spare two hours starting 10 am every Wednesday to attend the Samajwadi Party (SP) workers and address their complaints at his official residence. Half a dozen other senior ministers too have announced days and time during which they will meet party workers at the party headquarters in Lucknow.The CM has also issued a similar schedule for other senior ministers of his cabinet, particularly those handling departments directly related to the public, spokesperson of the SP's state unit Rajendra Chaudhary said.The decision to make themselves available exclusively to party workers at least once a week, apparently after Samajwadi Party (SP) president Mulayam Singh Yadav recently pointed out the \"apathy of ministers towards the people in general and the party workers in particular\".At the instance of the CM, senior ministers Shivpal Singh Yadav and Ahmed Hasan will meet the party workers for two hours every Friday morning. Panchayati Raj minister Balram Singh Yadav and state minister Rammurti Verma have fixed Tuesdays to meet party workers while ministers Parasnath Yadav and Shahid Manzoor will be available on Thursdays. SP state secretary Ramasrey Vishwakarma will meet workers on Mondays.The chief minister has also directed the remaining ministers of his cabinet to spare two hours per week for party workers during which they must make themselves available at party office in Lucknow. The CM has sought details of the week day and timing that suits the ministers, details of which will be displayed at the party headquarter notice board to help the workers plan their visits in advance.On July 31, SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav had expressed his displeasure over the performance of ministers in Akhilesh cabinet while addressing party MLCs and MLAs at the party headquarters in Lucknow. He had said that those who fail to take adequate steps to improve their performance, might be shown the door.To this some unhappy MLAs sitting in the back rows had reacted: \"Kuch mantriyon ko badal hi dijiye ab (change at least some ministers now).\" Taking the reaction seriously, Mulayam had then said: \"Dekh lijiye... jab aapsi log khush nahi hain to janata ka kya hoga (See for yourself. Our own people are not happy, what to talk of the people in general).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347203", "title": "Rajasthan may not get extra relief funds", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite drought-like situation in Rajasthan, the state is unlikely to receive extra relief funds form the Centre. The officials claim that the state government already has money in its coffers which the Centre will ask it to use. Due to good rainfall in last two years the government has more than thousand crore of funds. In 2011-12, Rajasthan received Rs 630 crore as calamity relief fund. This was increased to Rs 662 in 2012-13.\"The Centre's assistance to the state through calamity relief fund has accumulated in the last two years. If the number of districts declared under drought remains between 5 and 10 then our demand for extra money may not be met,\" said the senior official. In 2009 when 27 districts were declared under drought the government sent a request for Rs 14,000 crore under relief package. But the Centre provided only Rs. 1,034 crore of grant under relief fund.Meanwhile, chief minister Ashok Gehlot has asked all officials to prepare a detailed report on the losses so that maximum relief can be asked from the Centre.Experts believe that drought has become more of political tool in the state out of which political parties try to garner votes and mileage. \"More money will be given if you have more number of districts affected by drought. But the Centre too will keep a tab on its kitty as there are always many claimants\" said Surjit Singh, director, Institute of Development Studies.Union agriculture minister, Sharad Pawar along with Jairam Ramesh, Union minister of rural development will visit Rajasthan next week to gauge the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15345477", "title": "The invasion of mobile towers", "text": "Invasion! Columns of lanky, metallic and freakishly tall cellphone antennae are marching into the city. And we are soon going to be surrounded by towers that spew electromagnetic radiations at us.With the Centre ordering cellphone operators to down-ladder the radiation limits of each tower, the operators are forced to put up more towers to make up for the loss of range. Starting September, the radiation limit of cellphone towers will be tuned down from 9.2 w/m2 (watt per square metre) to 0.92 w/m2, and it sounds good.But what is bad is that the range of a tower will dip from an average of 1km. And cellular operators have begun hunting for sites to install towers to keep reception crisp. In short, the city's skyline will be littered with unaesthetic towers - double the number (4,000) presently in the city. The decision to lower the level of radiation comes after an inter-ministerial panel formed by the ministry of communications and information technology studied on the hazards of electromagnetic field radiations from base stations and mobile phones.Data shows that India's current radiation exposure limit (9.2 watt/m2) for mobile towers is higher than in countries like Russia (0.2 w/m2) and China (0.4 w/m2). However, in the US, Canada and Japan the radiation limit is much higher (12 w/m2).But the benefits earned by slashing the radiation level are squandered by allowing the spawning of towers. Director general of Cellular Operators Association of India Rajan S Mathews said the new policy would only help in increasing the level of radiation. \"There are nearly 4.5 lakh towers across the country. Some of the mobile towers are also being shared by various telecom companies. We will no longer be able to share the towers as we have to keep the frequency low.\" In short, for each his own. Rajan said: \"There will be more towers in residential areas. Otherwise it'll affect 3G and broadband services.\"Cellular companies spend nearly 25 lakh for setting up a tower. More towers mean a slash on the profits. \"We pay a rent of nearly Rs 10,000 -50,000 per month. If we are forced to cut the radiation limits, then we have to put up towers,\" said a senior official of a private cellular company. When one section of residents sees potential revenue from a tower, another sees it as an hazard. But the jingle of money wins over the din for safety. In Chennai, when companies want to put up a tower, they send crews who identify feasible sites and approach property owners with offers.The government plays no role in sanctioning the towers or ensuring safety. The corporation itself isn't aware of the number of towers in its backyard. An apartment resident in Velachery said: \"We have installed three mobile towers on top of our buildings. We use the rent from the cellphone towers for building upkeep.\" He is least worried about the impact of radiation on health. \"There are several towers surrounding us. If we don't allow one above our apartment, somebody else will.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15348700", "title": "District grievances committee meeting held", "text": "GURGAON: A monthly meeting of District Grievances Committee was organized on Friday in which a total of 15 complaints were put up and about 10 complaints were redressed on the spot. The chief parliamentary secretary of Haryana government Prahlad Singh Gillakhera presided over the meeting.While disposing of a complaint regarding running of illegal guest houses in a group housing society named Shanti Kunj CGHS of sector 39, Gillakhera ordered the SDM Gurgaon ( North ) Satender Duhan to enquire into the matter and stop such activities in a residential society. Brig R K Yadav, president of the society, complained that out of 40 flats, seven were used as guest houses and the patients coming for treatment stayed here which poses a threat of infection to the residents. He claimed and requested the committee to stop functioning of such guest houses.In another matter relating to group housing society it was alleged that the president of co-operative society increased the number of members from 26 to 30 without informing any of the members. Gillakhera gave this matter for enquiry to estate officer of Gurgaon-II who will be assisted by two nominated members of the Grievances Committee.Assistant registrar of Co-Operative Socities Satish Kumar Rohilla apprised in the meeting that as record the managing committee passed a resolution regarding addition of four members to the society on November 15, 2006. Thereafter, a permission was sought from the ARCS office and the proposal of addition of members was approved in the General Body meeting of the society held on April 13, 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "15347241", "title": "Nagaland to launch Janani-Shishu programme", "text": "KOHIMA: The state health &amp; family welfare department will launch Janani-Shishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK) on Saturday in Kohima.The programme will be launched by state minister for health &amp; family welfare Kuzholuzo Nienu at the directorate of health &amp; family welfare, Kohima.JSSK, a national initiative to make better health facilities available for women and child, was earlier launched by the Union ministry of health and family welfare in June 2011.National Rural Heal Mission (NRHM) director Khanlo Magh, in a statement, highlighted that JSSK invokes a new approach to healthcare, which emphasizes on eliminating out-of-pocket expenses for both pregnant women and sick neonates (up to 30 days after birth) in all government health institutions, both in rural and urban areas.The new JSSK initiative is estimated to benefit over one crore pregnant women and newborns who access public health institutions every year, both in urban and rural areas. The initiative will enhance access to public health institutions as over 70 lakh women still deliver at home. JSSK will ultimately bring about reduction in Maternal Mortality Ratio (MMR) and Infant Mortality Rate (IMR).Under this initiative, entitlements for pregnant women and sick neonates up to 30 days of birth will include drugs and consumables, diagnostics, blood (wherever required), diet (during stay at the facility) and referral transport-both ways and between facilities (in case of a referral).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15346886", "title": "Ethics is an essential virtue: Ex-diplomat", "text": "MYSORE: Everybody must follow the Gandhian principle of truth, especially people in the management, said Pascal Alan Nazareth, a retired diplomat.Speaking at the inauguration of an international conference on 'Emerging Trends in Finance and Accounting' at SDM Institute of Management Development, Nazareth said: \"Managements must follow ethics and protect the capital of the share holder, and management institutions must teach ethical values to management students.\"Around 70 papers will be presented at the two-day conference being attended by academicians from across the world, including Russia, Nigeria, and South Korea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347394", "title": "Freak turn to road crashes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Arsh Bhatia, 21, is not the only one who lost his life in a freak road accident on city roads on July 29. The city has witnessed five accidents which snuffed the lives of eight youths during the past one year. Four youths, including an Indian army captain Ranjot Singh and one merchant navy official Ramandeep Singh, were killed when the right side rear wheel of Tata Safari burst near the Sector 16 cricket stadium roundabout on on August 28, 2011. The safari overturned and hit a roadside electricity pole, and tree after skidding for more than 80 meters on the dividing road of sector 22 and sector 23. Later, it came out that the right rear wheel had been retreaded . On September 26, 2011, the newly purchased CRV Honda car of Sector 8 businessman Bharatpal Singh, 58, was slammed into a roadside tree between the dividing road of sector 8 and sector 9. The CRV Honda was never hit by any vehicle and there was no sign of collision on the car. Though wife of deceased had lodged a criminal case alleging there is possibility that car was tampered, police have not found any evidence in this connection. DSP (traffic) Vijay Kumar said there are fatal road casualties when vehicles overturned, collided into electricity poles, boundary walls etc without being hit by any another vehicles. The members of traffic wing's accident inspection team always visited the spot and trying to find out exact reason behind the casualty. 22-year-old Manjeet Singh who was riding pillion,on a motorcycle died when the motorcycle was hit a tree on the dividing road of sector 21 and sector 22 on June 20. The bike driver. Manoj. was discharged from the hospital after preliminary treatment. Harman Sidhu of ArriveSafe, an NGO working in the field of road safety, said, \"In all these road mishaps, engineering faults, mechanical faults, human errors etc are involved. Majority of these accidents could be diverted with proper inspection of vehicles, not following speed driving on empty roads.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346851", "title": "Buddha dares Mamata to reduce petrol tax to bring prices down", "text": "KOLKATA: Former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee on Friday criticized the Mamata Banerjee government for blaming heaping blame on the Centre for spiraling prices and yet being a part of it. \"Khali michil korlei hobe na (only hitting the streets won't serve any purpose),\" he remarked, at Mamata's threat earlier to stage protests if the Centre didn't do away with the irrecoverable compensation tax which led to the petrol price hikehike in petrol prices being hiked in 11 states, including Bengal.\"If they are so concerned about the poor, why don't they withdraw the state tax component, like we'd done in our tenure,\" Bhattacharjee said.Speaking at the fag end of a three-day Left Front demonstration on price rise and the proposed Food Security Bill, Bhattacharjee said while the Centre is to be blamed for its faulty policies, the Trinamool Congress can't shun responsibility since it is also a part of it. \"Yes, the Centre is responsible for the skyrocketing prices of food, petrol and other essential commodities. Its policies are responsible for it. It has failed to control the prices for the past eight months. This hasn't just affected our state but others as wellelsewhere too. Those who run the government here, also do so in Delhi. And if the state government isn't responsible for the spurt in electricity, milk and petrol prices, who is? Delhi's policies are being replicated here,\" Bhattacharjee said.Bhattacharjee said, \"It isn't that price rise didn't happen in the past. It did. But it was never like this. For the past eight months the prices have shown no respite.Where will all this end? The middle class and even the upper middle class are realising this the hard way.The poor don't even have the resources to buy anything.\"\"What exactly are we demanding? We say provide people 35 kilograms of rice per month at Rs 2 per kg. For this, let a composite public distribution network be set up. And the Centre should make no distinction between the APL and BPL. We believe 14 essential food items should be given through PDS. Yes, this will cost money. Maybe Rs 40,000 or Rs 50,000 crore. If the Centre can give relief of Rs 5 lakh crore to industrialists, why can't some of it be given to the poor people? After all they constitute 30% of the population too. To decide this shows the character of the government.Surprisingly, on this everyone - right from Congress to BJP - are on the same page, barring only the Left,\" he added.Left Front chairman Biman Bose criticized took on the government for on the evident the lapses in the SSC examination. \"If what we hear is true the implications can be dangerous. The SSC examinations were held in junior schools which were recently upgraded to secondary schools. A junior school has four teachers to start with which is over the years upgraded to 17. The conversion ation to secondary schools took place without any manpower increase. In each secondary school, nearly 400 SSC applicants were asked to give their examinations but For them there were only four teachers to invigilate. They were told that local Trinamool MLAs and leaders will assist them in invigilation. If this be true, I shudder to even think what will happen in the 2013 Madhyamik examination,\" Bose said alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347463", "title": "Saksham makes ordinary things look good with just a click", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Things that hardly attract any attention, inspire Saksham Malik, 16, to pick up his camera and capture it forever and to share it with the world around him he has come up with an exhibition 'Love at second sight' where in 17 of his works are on display at the Cafe Theatre of Alliance Francaise in Sector 36. As writing and photography go hand in hand for him, this exhibition is a mix of both. \"I always liked to write and initially it was my only way to express my thoughts and then came photography, yet another passion,\" Saksham said. In exhibition, one will find photographs mainly of the old and young faces along with quotes adding expressions to the photographs. \"People offer all kinds of compliments to something eye-catching rather than on something that isn't spectacular. They'll simply ignore something that doesn't infatuate them or shun a person just because he/she doesn't look interesting. This thinking is what I want to change. In this exhibition I have particularly focused on people that we see around us, from diverse backgrounds and having different stories. I have also written some quotations to help people get a better understanding of the theme,\" said Saksham, a student of Class XI in Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 16. Most of these photographs have been clicked in Delhi. Admiring everything around him, he started clicking at the age of 15, with a desire to express himself. About the name of the exhibition 'Love at second sight', he said, \"I have always clicked spontaneously and sometimes randomly. But going through these later, has often amazed me. Looking at photographs for the second time has always given a new perspective to the photographs, something I didn't see initially.\" A teenager himself, Saksham, has recently taken the initiative to promote photography and creative writing among teenagers in the Tricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347090", "title": "Day after molestation, girl sets self on fire", "text": "JAIPUR: A 15-year-old girl immolated herself on Friday a day after she was allegedly molested by her neighbour in Sawaimadhopur district's Bhagwatgarh area.Police suspect that depression after the molestation led the girl to take the extreme step.They claimed that the victim's family members had not informed the nearby police station about the molestation. She reportedly poured kerosene and set herself afire on Friday morning.According to the police, the girl's brother had seen a youth, Hitesh Kumar, living in the neighbourhood molesting her on Thursday evening.\"It led to a confrontation between the youth and the girl's brother. Hitesh fled from the village after the incident. However, the family members did not report the matter to the police,\" said Surendra Choudhary, in-charge of Choth Ka Barwara police station.He informed that the girl locked herself in a room, poured kerosene on her body and put herself on fire. \"A police team was rushed to the spot when the family members informed us. The girl was declared brought dead by doctors at a hospital. We have registered an FIR against Hitesh,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15346329", "title": "Rubber planters to begin tapping as rains fail", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Kurian Thomas, a small time rubber planter, never tapped his trees during Karkidakam, a period marked by heavy rains.This year, he started tapping because rains have been scanty. \"Big planters have a fixed schedule for tapping. But small-time farmers like me can't follow that schedule. Since the weather is suitable I am doing my job. Who knows when rains will start again making tapping impossible then,\" said Thomas.Usually April-August is when the production of rubber comes down mainly because of the rains, resulting in more rubber being imported during this time. This year, 70,837 metric tonnes of rubber was imported from April-July. Last year, during the same period around 67,000 metric tonnes was imported. On August 1, the price of rubber (rss3) in Kottayam was Rs180 while in the international market it was Rs167 (Bangkok) on the same day.The good price of the rubber may have also tempted planters like Thomas to start tapping despite this being Karkidakam.Many planters are following Thomas' example. Planters, who don't use rain guards for the trees, start tapping only after monsoon ends in early September. But major planters tap during rainy season as they have rain guards to protect the trees.\"Since there are no rains, this is the ideal climate. Rubber tappers, who are jobless, can earn some bucks,\" Thomas said. But he cautioned that rain shortage will hit rubber plantations next season since scanty rains can lead to a drought.\"There was no rainfall in my area for the past 9-10 days. This is bound to reflect next year,\" he said. Meanwhile, rubber board climate experts said more rains are likely in October and November. But they won't compensate the monsoon loss. Experts said Kottayam's rainfall was 50% less than normal. Rubber board's deputy director of public relations Satheesh Chandran advised all planters to use rain guards so that they can tap rubber during monsoon.\"The present climate is such that tapping is possible for anyone. But board recommends the use of rain guards so that tapping remains unaffected. Then only we can reap some benefits,\" he said.\"Tapping is stopped during the February - March period as the moisture content in the soil is reduced. So an additional halt of 2-4 months due to the rains will affect a planter's profits,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347092", "title": "Now, ID proof must for buying bicycles", "text": "JAIPUR: All the bicycle shop owners in the city have been directed to take photo identification proof from each and every customer and submit it to the police commissionerate keeping in view of the frequent use of bicycles in carrying out terror attacks. Commissioner of police B L Soni said a meeting of all bicycle owners was held with the police stations concerned in this regard on Friday.Bicycles had been used to plant explosives in Pune blasts on Wednesday in which a man was injured. Similar modus operandi had been used in the May 2008 Jaipur serial blasts. Terrorists had then used bicycles to plant bombs at nine different places in the Walled City. The serial blasts claimed lives of at least 71 people and left 150 others injured.Soni said he has sent an advisory to all police stations in the city in this regard. \"A meeting with bicycle dealers was held on Friday to discuss the issue. They were asked to take an identification proof which could be a driving license or a voter ID car with a photo from every customer and keep them in their records. They would send these documents to the police whenever asked,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350617", "title": "Courses on financial markets", "text": "In a bid to promote financial literacy in India, MCX Stock Exchange (MCX-SX) has tied up with New York Institute of Finance (NYIF) to offer NYIF's programmes in the country. Ruchi Chopda reportsThe war between different stock exchanges for attracting investors has moved beyond the stock market. Close on the heels of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) launching two postgraduate courses in financial markets, MCX Stock Exchange (MCXSX) has partnered with New York Institute of Finance (NYIF) to offer NYIF's core financial market-related courses in India.At the outset, NYIF's 24 online and certification programmes including e-learning courses on fundamentals of the securities industry, equities, derivative instruments, fixed income securities, forwards and futures, mutual funds etc. and certification courses on derivatives, portfolio management, etc will be offered.Speaking about how financial courses can help investors, U Venkataraman, executive director, MCX-SX, says, \"Turbulent financial markets make it essential for individual investors to enter and exit the markets cautiously. Financial courses enable investors to make intelligent investment decisions by increasing their knowledge about select traded asset classes and valuing the positions of these assets while teaching them to manage risks.\" Adds, John Avino of NYIF, \"For years, individual investors have relied solely on opinions and information provided to them by their investment representatives. It is now more important than ever that they have access to a broader base of information, and the solid financial knowledge provided by our 177 hours of online training will empower those investors to become increasingly active members of their investment teams.\"Depending on the courses they wish to enroll for, students can gain practical exposure that can vary from risk management to portfolio management and from functioning of derivative markets to management of derivative positions. Courses offered cover a diverse spectrum of educational needs of financial market participants, employees of financial institutions participating in financial markets, financial advisors, risk managers, etc. Venkataraman informs, \"Learners can advance from the basics to higher level courses through the e-learning mode. After having completed these programmes, students can look to be employed in various investment, risk management, financial market advisory and consultancy roles. Learners can choose a combination of topics they wish to learn depending on their needs. Those enrolled for the NYIF courses through MCXSX can choose to go through the contents and sit for the final online examination at their own convenience.\" Students can register for NYIF's courses through MCX-SX. All registered users, who successfully complete a course, will receive a certificate from NYIF.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349723", "title": "I\u2019d love to play Anna: Anupam Kher", "text": "Anupam Kher in a chat on his visit to Anna Hazare -Your presence at the Anna Hazare movement has set tongues wagging. What do you have to tell your detractors? Detractors will always be there. The reason why I support the movement is because I feel a warmth for my country. If I don't want corruption at home, how can I support corruption in my country? Most importantly, I feel if you try, you risk failure. If you don't, you ensure it. That's how a man who was bald, thin and not rich came down to Mumbai and tried a career where he had no one to support. Today, I am in this place because I have been an eternal optimist. Labels such as 'mini celebrities' been hurled at people from the glamour world who've been visible in this movement.A movement doesn't depend on the celeb presence or their stature. There are so many faceless people who have lent their support. Detractors will find faults but that will not take me away from what I believe in.There are people who feel that Anna's movement is losing out on its steam. Agree? Anna is not making a TRP-raking serial. If the number of people who go to masjids and gurudwaras go down, do we say that people have stopped praying? So, even if five people are there to support a movement against corruption, it is important for it to move on.If Anna joins politics, would you join his party? I am not into politics. But then, one never knows where life might take a person 10 years down the line. It's too early to say anything about Anna forming a party. It took 100 years for the Congress to reach where the party is today. Let's not speculate and be negative. Saina Nehwal is playing in the Olympics. Was it fair to continuously speculate and wonder what if she doesn't win a medal? If she had, we would have been proud. But now that she hasn't, we won't disown her. Anna has given us hope and that's very important for us.If you are offered a biopic on Anna, would you want to essay his role? I would love to do that.Two of your movies are being screened at Toronto. How do you manage to shuttle between supporting Anna, shooting, doing plays, attending premieres and reading from your books? A busy man always has time for work. Two of my movies \u2014 'Midnight's Children' and 'Silver Linings' \u2014 will be screened at Toronto. I am going to Toronto to attend the film festival. I will also be reading from my book there. Back in India, there is 'Special Chabbis' and 'Chashme Buddoor'.Is Robert De Niro expected to come down to India for the release of 'SL'? Right now, the film is not having a worldwide release. It will be doing the rounds of festivals. If talks are on to release it in India, I will surely ask Robert De Niro to come down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345089", "title": "HC asks CBI to give Adarsh probe details", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday directed the CBI to file its reply by August 29 on the investigations it carried out against Union ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde in the Adarsh scam case.A division bench of Justices S A Bobade and Mridula Bhatkar was hearing the PIL filed earlier this week by activist Praveen Wategaonkar, seeking court direction to the CBI to state what probe it has undertaken against the ministers.The agency had earlier recorded the statements of Shinde and Deshmukh\u2014both former chief minister of Maharashtra. However, the chargesheet filed by the CBI on July 4 against 13 accused, including former chief minister Ashok Chavan , does not mention names of the minister duo.The court on Friday suggested that Wategaonkar could file the same application before the special CBI court as it has power to direct the agency to include further names as accused in the case.To this Wategaonkar said, \"The CBI would first have to clear its stand on whether it would be filing a supplementary chargesheet in the Adarsh scam. And if yes, who would be added as accused.\"Shekhar Naphade, counsel for Adarsh society, argued that the court should first decide on the applications, filed separately by the society and the Maharashtra government, challenging the CBI probe.The bench said it would hear the applications regarding whether the CBI has jurisdiction to probe the scam on August 29. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15346450", "title": "Porvorim's lung collapses to concrete", "text": "PORVORIM: An excavator scythed down over 20 trees in a patch of moist deciduous forest at Porvorim on Thursday. But protests ended in a whimper as the project is being pursued by Goa Housing Board with requisite approvals.Many were helplessly watching the last few patches of dense forests on Porvorim's plateau disappear under the garb of development.When Goa Housing Board joined the activity in its own backyard, a few were roused by the whir of an excavator at work, axing the trees.Some tried to protest, but board officials and the contractor claimed they had done no wrong.The patch is located about 300m north of the Goa assembly complex. The dense native vegetation and high canopy serves as a micro regulator of local weather conditions and is home for birds in the area.\"It is a sort of a sink, absorbing the polluted air in the area. That is why we raised questions,\" Sachin Tendulkar , a nearby resident said.The board's project envisages the construction of 36 flats for middle income groups in ground-plus-two buildings in an area of about 7,000 sq m.A major chunk of the adjacent area-which has been converted into housing for economically weaker sections and lower income groups-belongs to the board too.The new project had been conceptualized about four years and the approval for clearing trees obtained later.\"We have all the valid licences,\" Elvis Gomes, managing director, Goa Housing Board, said. A forest department official confirmed that the permit had been issued to the board to fell 62 trees.But citizens are unhappy about the sacrificing of large patches of forests indiscriminately. \"The government should consider protecting such rare patches. If left untouched, in the long term, they become much-needed green lungs of the area,\" Tendulkar said.The patch could have been turned into an open space or a natural park for citizens in the periphery by clearing undergrowth minimally and installing some benches.A member of a committee headed by K G Sharma, appointed by the state government, had recommended protection of this patch. \"But it remained only an oral instruction,\" a source said.Gomes told TOI, \"We have omitted about 18 trees of the 62 we had applied for felling.\"But citizens are unhappy about the destruction of the patch rich with humus and lush undergrowth, hard to find on a rocky plateau.\"Instead of buildings with ground-plus-two, they could have increased the height of the buildings to save the patch,\" Tendulkar said.Porvorim is a fast-growing suburb and requires green spaces. \"Wherever there are natural spaces, they should be kept out of this development process,\" says Sujeet Dongre, programme coordintaor, centre for environment education, Porvorim.But by Sunday the green patch may have vanished as the work had recommenced late Friday evening after a halt for inspection by forest department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347381", "title": "Friendship Day: Test the bond-width of your friendship", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Friendship Day falling on August 5, it's time to test your sincerity for each other. Is your best friend really best for you? Press the glass friendship-o-meter with full strength and get the answer. Not only this, friendship-meter bands too are a hot gift this season.Friendship-o-meter is made of soft glass and has to be pressed by two friends. \"One can check the bonding with this gadget. My friend and I got a perfect marks and this unique gift proved to be the most memorable one for us,\" said Nikita Kesar, a resident of Sector 9, Panchkula.For those who still prefer to show off their bonding on their wrists, friendship bands which can put your buddy to test are also available along with the friendship-o-meter in the Tricity. The malls and shops are full of special beaded friendship bands, tagged friendship cards, flowers and gifts to attract youths. \"You can order T-shirts and mugs a day before and get your best buddies' pictures printed on these, making these look unique and cool,\" said Jaleen Bhatia, a resident of Phase II, Mohali.\"If you are brand conscious, then you can buy a plain tee of any brand and get a message or picture printed on it,\" says Prateek Yadav, a resident of Sector 21. \"I have got two tees printed, on friendship day me and my bestie will wear it, I am so excited about it,\" said Nandini Chawala of Sector 23. The other attractions are special sweet-boxes with names written on them. Musical cards are also available in the market.Many shopkeepers are attracting customers by special offers like giving discounts or by distributing free friendship bands with every gift item. There is a special discount on the combo packs. Combo pack includes a teddy bear, a box of chocolate and a teddy friendship band inside.The city youths are not only purchasing gifts for their friends, they are also planning special parties and gatherings to cherish the memories of their friendship.\"We are planning to go up hills on this special occasion, we will party there and make it a memorable day\" said Swat Mishra, a student at GCG-42. \"I have planned a rain dance party at my place on friendship day and I have called only my few close friends,\" said Neha Thakur, a resident of Sector 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15347110", "title": "Court orders inquiry into fishing scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special anti-corruption court in Gandhinagar on Friday directed the superintendent of police to conduct an inquiry into the charges of corruption against state fisheries minister Parshottam Solanki and submit his report by October 6.Acting on a complaint filed by Ishaq Maradia against Solanki for the alleged Rs 400-crore fishing contract scam, special judge G K Upadhyay ordered a court inquiry under section 202 of the CrPC demanding a report.Meanwhile, Maradia and his lawyers have filed a complaint before the court seeking Solanki's prosecution under sections 7, 8, 13(1)A, 13(1)B and 13(2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The complaint was filed after governor Dr Kamla last week granted sanction for prosecution of the minister, which is mandatory to be obtained in case of any public servant. Even the Gujarat high court (HC) also cleared the way for this process on Monday. Solanki's prosecution was sought after HC found irregularity in awarding fishing contracts without following due tendering process, and cancelled them.On March 30, HC had directed the Narendra Modi government to take a decision on the issue of granting sanction for prosecution of Solanki within three months, failing which the governor would have the final authority.On June 30, hours before the deadline was to expire, the government informed Maradia that the cabinet had found that there was no case against Solanki. When Maradia moved the court for contempt against the government, the court gave three weeks to the governor to take a decision.On examination of the files, Raj Bhavan found that then chief secretary D Rajagopalan had strongly opposed the fishing contracts and made a noting: \"This is against the government policy of leasing our reservoir and dams for fishing and the minister has no authority to change it. Such power is lying only with the cabinet and unless cabinet changes policy, it cannot be given for any consideration. This matter has never been put up before the cabinet.\"Meanwhile, Solanki has moved HC challenging the governor's decision of giving sanction for his prosecution. His petition will be heard by justice R H Shukla on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15346867", "title": "Heavy showers give pleasant weather, civic woes", "text": "KANPUR: Heavy downpour lashed the city on Friday. The 39.4 mm rain also resulted in a drastic dip in the mercury. The continuous rains add to the civic woes of the residents.Around Thursday midnight, thick clouds covered the city and it rained heavily. Till 2.30 pm on Friday, 39.4 mm of rainfall was recorded. There was heavy downpour late in afternoon and evening period.The maximum temperature stood at 27.2 degrees. It was nearly five degrees less than that of Thursday. The minimum temperature dropped by to two degrees to settle at the mark of 24.7 Celsius.People enjoyed every moment of the rain as it gave them relief from the sultry weather prevailing since the past several days.Huge crowds were seen at malls and restaurants. Roadside eatery joints too witnessed huge rush.\"My kids asked me to take them out,\" said Nisha. Rain further increased the humidity in the atmosphere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346488", "title": "Anxious wait for BE aspirants", "text": "HYDERABAD: S Rajashekar, the 35th rank-holder in Eamcet-2012, had chosen not to write any of national level engineering entrance examinations as he wanted to study in Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University ( JNTU), Hyderabad. Now, while all his friends who cleared IIT-Joint Entrance Examination and similar tests have started attending their classes, Rajashekar is stuck at home awaiting counselling dates, thanks to the fee structure confusion in the state. Among 2.06 lakh students who are waiting for admissions to start are 40 students who have secured ranks below 100 in the Eamcet-2012.With counselling getting delayed, they are left with no option but to wait as the admission have closed in neighbouring states. Kesarla Bhavani, 47{+t}{+h} rank-holder, said that she had written the Karnataka Common Entrance Test but did not take admission as she wanted to avail herself of the fee reimbursement scheme of the state government due to her poor financial background. \"There is no clarity on the admission schedule as well as the future of the fee reimbursement scheme. If the government puts a cap on the fee under the reimbursement scheme, I might not be able to afford engineering education,\" Bhavani, whose father is a farmer belonging to the BC-B category said. Most of the students who are waiting for the admissions are those who have not applied for colleges in other states or those who could not clear national entrance examinations like IIT-JEE and AIEEE.This year the admission process is delayed by three weeks. According to state government officials, the admissions might start only in the last week of August even if the notification for the same is issued in the next five days. Certificate verification before the allotment of seats will take about a week's time. Classes might start only in the first week of October and to make up for the required number of 180 working days, the fresh batch of students will have to attend classes even during the summer vacation, college officials said.The other factor that haunts students is the prospect of seats under the merit category shrinking. \"If the government increases the number of seats under management quota, just about 1.3 lakh seats will be available for merit category. The competition will be tougher this year,\" said Prem Sagar Gera, who secured 1,115 rank in the Eamcet-2012. If the government ups the number of merit seats, just over 2 lakh students would be competing for 1.3 lakh seats.Meanwhile, the chief minister has appointed a nine-member committee of experts to study the situation and come up with a solution.Till the committee submits a report, admission notification for engineering will not be issued. \"The fee structure for engineering colleges is yet to be decided before issuing the admission notification. Since AFRC will take a decision on fee after the experts submit their report, the admissions are expected to be delayed by at least three more weeks,\" an official said.Deemed universities in the state which offer technical education stand to gain from the fee confusion. Three of these universities, Koneru Laxmaiah College of Engineering, Guntur, Gitam University, Hyderabad and Vizag, and Vignan University, Guntur, which have a separate entrance and admission process are expected to attract most of the top rank holders in the state. \"CBIT usually admits a good number of students who secure top ranks in the Eamcet. But this year we are expecting a dip in these figures,\" said Chenna Keshava Rao, principal, Chaitanya Bharati Institute of Technology. Similar is opinion of officials of colleges like Vasavi and Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Technology (MGIT) which till last year used to be among the top 10 sought after institutes during admissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15346522", "title": "'Consider genuine IT companies separately'", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Gwhile welcoming the government decision to cancel the allotments in the IT Habitat has said that genuine IT companies that were allotted land should be considered separately.Girish Bharne, chairman of the GCCI's IT committee said, \"There was a perception that the IT Habitat was more of a real estate scam as companies other than IT ones had got land at cheap rates.\"Bharne added, \"If this is indeed the case, then it (cancellation of allotments) is a good move.\"\"Genuine IT companies should be considered separately,\" he added.Bharne said the GCCI would be willing to help these genuine IT companies if they approached them. GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar said, \"The land has to be put to proper use.\" He felt the government should proceed with the cancellation of allotments \"with due diligence\".\"Land should not be locked in courts,\" he added. Raikar said \"80% of the land can be used for IT purpose and 20% can be used for commercial purposes\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345091", "title": "Soon, civic body to get chopper for flood relief operations", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Corporation may use a helicopter for rain relief operations in case of floods this year. The Navy has said that it would set up a helipad and provide helicopter assistance to move people and take relief material in case of an emergency. The corporation would identify the place for the helipad.The civic body on Friday held a meeting with all the service, law and order, media and defence departments of the government to discuss action to be taken as part of pre-monsoon precautions.Chaired by the mayor, the meeting was attended by representatives of TNEB, BSNL, Metrowater, police, Navy, Coast Guard, All India Radio and the public works department.The civic body on its part would ensure that the mouth of the Adyar river is desilted, allowing rainwater to drain smoothly into the sea. They will also ensure that Metrowater stops all road cuts once the rains begin, and all sites dup up for storm water drains are closed with cement slabs, but are provided with inlets.It was also mentioned that the Met department should give warnings of heavy rain and cyclones at least 24 hours in advance, and this should be broadcast repeatedly by All India Radio and Doordarshan.Officials of TNEB said that they will complete all repair work before monsoon and ensure uninterrupted supply. The public health department will take measures to prevent vector-borne diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15347044", "title": "Government transfers two senior IPS officers", "text": "In a minor reshuffle, the government on Friday transferred two senior IPS officers. Harishchandra Singh, ADG of Provincial Armed Constabulary, Sitapur, has been sent to cooperative cell in the same capacity while Javed Akhtar , ADG/IG, Agra zone has been made ADG, Special Investigation Team.Funds sanctioned for pollution control: The state government, under the National Lake Conservation Programme, sanctioned an amount of Rs 1285.71 lakh in the current financial year for pollution control programme of Ramgarh Taal in Gorakhpur city. The amount represents 30 per cent of the Centre's share for this programme.Flexible parole provisions: Minister for jails Raghuraj Pratap Singh informed that the government has amended rules making parole related provisions more flexible. He said that now jail inmates can be released on parole for 72 hours (3 days) in case of death of their close relations, parents, brother, sister, son, daughter or in case of marriage of their sons or daughters. He said that the state government or the district magistrate of the district where the inmate resides has been authorised to release the inmates on parole of 72 hours.Farm school: CIMAP will organise a 6-day event called farm school from August 6 to August 11, to educate the farmers about the practical aspects starting from production of seeds, sowing, nursery raising, planting, different inter-cultural operations, insect pest management, post-harvest processing in economically important medicinal and aromatic plants. About 20 participants from different districts of UP will be participating.School leadership: Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), northern region in association with Institute of Quality, Bangalore is organising a two-day 'Education excellence programme for school leadership team' beginning from August 6 at Tata Consultancy Services , Lucknow. The programme would cover various areas like quality in education, application and relevance, educational processes, mapping, measurement and improvements and excellence frameworks for enhancing the school effectiveness.World bone and joint day: Aastha Centre for Geriatric Medicine, Palliative Care Hospital and Hospice, Mahanagar, Lucknow is observing 'World bone and joint day' on Saturday at its centre from 10.00 a.m. to 2.00 p.m. On this occasion, a free bone marrow density check up camp will be organised for elders. The inauguration ceremony of an advanced air-conditioned mortuary donated by Hari Om Mandir will also be held on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15345521", "title": "Panwala sets up school for slum kids", "text": "WARDHA: In an age when everything is becoming a money minting enterprise, there are people who act selflessly and prove that money is not everything. There is something above that. In the present scenario when education sector is fast becoming a source of making money, a panwala still upholds what the sages of yester years considered education to be - a path to godliness.Diwakar Waghmare (35), a panwala, has set up Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj Dnyanmandir, a school where he along with his few friends teach students from poor families who live in the slums near Hinganghat. Waghmare had been doing this noble work since last two years. Around 50 students attend his school which is a small cottage. Waghmare and his friends teach students from first to fourth standard.\"During my childhood I could not get a proper education due to the poor financial condition of my parents. But I value education. For past several years I felt that the poor students from the slums lacked proper facility for studying. Poor financial condition and lack of awareness among parents were the main hurdles that prevented the children from getting education. I go door-to-door asking the parents to send their child to my classes. I have seen marked improvement in these students,\" said Waghmare.Atul Kapse, one of his friend, said, \"When we came to know about Diwakar's new initiative we also decided to join in his endeavour.\"Waghmare does not earn more than Rs300 or Rs400 a day. But he manages both his household and school's expenses with this amount. He also provides the students attending this school with food too. A parent said, \"Children are happy to go to Waghmare's school. He not only teaches the syllabus but also gives emphasis on playing games and also formal value education. He is able to do it because loves to teach.\"RPI leader, Anmol Thepe, said, \"This school shames the public schools in the city which provide very expensive education. We should help Waghmare and his team.\" Talking to TOI, he said, \"I want every child to get education. For that the society must extend a helping hand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15349485", "title": "Spectrum base price set at 14k cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Friday approved the reserve price for auction of second generation radio waves as well as spectrum usage charges (SUC) and an auctioneer will be soon appointed to carry forward the process.The Cabinet set the reserve price of Rs 14,000 crore for the 5 megahertz pan-India spectrum in the 1800 megahertz band, communications and IT minister Kapil Sibal told a news conference. The price is 22% lower than the telecom regulator's suggestion.At the Cabinet meeting, I&B; minister Ambika Soni and defence minister A K Antony suggested that the spectrum price be fixed at Rs 15,000 crore, the second option provided by the empowered group of ministers (EGoM), sources said. They said the two ministers are learnt to have cited the perception about corruption to argue for the need to peg the reserve price closer to the Rs 18,000 crore recommended by the telecom regulator.The Cabinet also endorsed the EGoM's suggestion that the reserve price for the 800 megahertz band, which is used by CDMA operators, be fixed at 1.3 times the price for 1800 megahertz band. The decision sparked comments from some ministers that there should be a level-playing field for GSM operators. The EGoM had gone ahead with the telecom regulator's suggestion and pegged the reserve price for 900 Mhz spectrum at twice the value of 1800 Mhz band.The announcement of the reserve price sets the stage for the spectrum auction which is being eagerly watched by investors as a test case for the government's commitment to resolve the crisis that hit the crucial telecom sector in the aftermath of the 2G spectrum scandal.This is the first time that the government is selling 2G spectrum through the open auction method after the Supreme Court cancelled 122 telecom licences earlier this year ruling that the process adopted in 2008 for allotting spectrum was flawed. \"Now we have to take a call that in this particular environment what is the most appropriate thing to do to give a signal to the industry that India means business,\" Sibal said, adding that the government is keen to attract domestic and foreign investors.\"Existing slab rate system for spectrum usage charges (SUC), as recommended by the EGoM, as the preferred option has also been approved by the cabinet,\" Sibal said. This means, telecom operators would pay a 3-8% levy depending on the radio waves held by them although there were suggestions by ministers that there should be a level playing field for GSM players, who pay a higher levy compared to the dual technology operators.The Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), a lobby of GSM operators, however, said they were disappointed as the reserve price does not present a viable business case. \"The reserve price of Rs 14,000 crore is unreasonable and still very high and will adversely impact the business viability of the operators and pose a formidable impediment towards raising funds from banks for expansion of services. Adding to the already existing funding woes of the sector,\" it said in a statement.Sibal said the cabinet decided to defer the issues related to pricing of spectrum pending outcome of the ongoing proceedings before the Supreme Court in the Presidential reference and all questions related to the pricing of spectrum currently held by telecom service providers and related issues including pricing of contracted spectrum, excess spectrum, prospective/retrospective pricing would be considered after that. \"The auction itself will give us a higher price. The target will be decided by the market,\" Sibal said when asked about the government's expectations from the auction.The budget for 2012-13 has estimated Rs 40,000 crore from spectrum auction. It is expected to bring in much needed funds for the cash-strapped government which is struggling to restore the health of public finances and limit the fiscal deficit within the target of 5.1% of gross domestic product set for 2012-13. The minister said effort is on to convene a meeting of the EGoM on Monday. The meeting will decide appointing an auctioneer, which will then decide the auction schedule.Sibal said the government had taken several steps to make the auction a smooth affair. It had lowered the reserve price, liberalised the spectrum and made it technology neutral, allowed mortgage of spectrum as well as eased the payment plans by operators.He said the concern of banks on exposure to the sector has been addressed in the payment plan. The operators, who bag spectrum in the auction will have to pay one third of the payment upfront and then there is a moratorium for two years.After that the balance has to be paid in 10 equal installments. \"Banks are completely safe,\" Sibal said when asked about the reluctance of banks to lend to the sector due to the string of problems that have emerged in the once fast growing sector, after the 2G spectrum scandal.The minister said he expects a robust response to the auction. \"I am sure there will be a lot of operators who will come here,\" Sibal said. \"We will warm it up,\" he said responding to a question whether global operators would participate in the auction due to the economic slowdown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345061", "title": "SC makes Raipur cops pay for humiliating doctor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Setting a judicial precedent, the Supreme Court on Friday asked the Chhattisgarh government to pay Rs 5 lakh compensation to a man who was humiliated by police in custody by photographing him after forcing him to hold a placard claiming to be a cheat, thief, fraud and rascal and then circulating the photograph.Significantly, the court asked the state to recover the compensation of Rs 5 lakh paid to the man from the police officials who were responsible for his humiliation.The high court had found the brazen acts of the police in arresting Dr Mehmood Nayyar Azam, an activist who was organizing people against the mining mafia, on false charges and then humiliating him in custody as gross violation of his human rights.But the HC had asked Azam to petition the government for compensation for his custodial humiliation and said in case the government rejected his representation, he could file a civil suit in the trial court. The HC decision came more than 18 years after the incident and filing a civil suit would have entailed a litigation of more than a decade given the average life of civil cases in India.A bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra took note of this and said, \"We are pained to say that this is not only asking a man to prefer an appeal from Caesar to Caesar's wife but it also compels him like a cursed Sisyphus to carry the stone to the top of the mountain wherefrom the stone rolls down and he is obliged to repeatedly perform that futile exercise.\"After indirectly commenting on the tortuous pace of litigation causing harassment to the common man, the bench focused on the unfortunate case of Azam and said, \"There is no shadow of doubt that any treatment meted to an accused while he is in custody which causes humiliation and mental trauma corrodes the concept of human dignity.\"Justice Misra, writing the judgment for the bench, said in a welfare state governed by rule of law, \"the majesty of law protects the dignity of a citizen\".\"It is imperative to state that it is the sacrosanct duty of the police authorities to remember that a citizen, while in custody, is not denuded of his fundamental right under Article 21 of the Constitution. The restrictions imposed have the sanction of law by which his enjoyment of fundamental right is curtailed but his basic human rights are not crippled so that the police officers can treat him in an inhuman manner,\" he said.The bench termed the police action forcing Azam to hold the self-condemning placard as torture in police custody and said this entitled him to public law remedy and compensation.\"Our analysis would clearly show that the appellant was tortured while he was in custody. When there is contravention of human rights, the inherent concern as envisaged in Article 21 springs to life and enables the citizen to seek relief by taking recourse to public law remedy,\" the bench said.\"We are disposed to think that a sum of Rs 5 lakh should be granted towards compensation to the appellant and, accordingly, we so direct. The said amount shall be paid by the respondent state within a period of six weeks and be realized from the erring officers in equal proportions from their salary as thought appropriate by the competent authority of the state,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346203", "title": "Chandana Khan transferred", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chandana Khan, special chief secretary, primary education, was on Friday transferred and given charge of tourism, cultural affairs and archaeology of which she was holding additional charge. No one was given charge of primary education.Stamps and registrations principal secretary Mrutyunjay Sahoo was given charge of the energy department , relieving Dinesh Kumar who was yet to be given a posting. Manmohan Singh , principal secretary, housing, was posted as principal secretary of animal husbandry, dairy development and fisheries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15347586", "title": "Depleting forest cover worries head of state", "text": "RANCHI: Governor Syed Ahmed on Friday expressed concern over the depleting forest cover in the state. \"Jharkhand was once known for its lush greenery. But the situation is no more the same today,\" he sighed.The governor was speaking at Van Mahotsav 2012 organized by the forests and environment department at Khelgaon. A gulmohar tree sapling was also planted on this occasion.The governor advised that those dependent on forests for food and shelter, should be given an alternative. \"Only after they get an alternative they would conserve forests,\" said governor.Officials from the department of forests and wildlife also attended the programme. putting thrust on the need to conserve forests, Ahmed suggested that more than plantation the focus should be on conservation.\"If you fail to conserve the trees, your efforts to plant them would not bear fruits. It is the conservation which is the need of the hour,\" added Ahmad.About the importance of trees in human life Ahmed said, \"The entire system is dependent upon the trees only. The issue should be taken up seriously and work towards conservation intensified at the earliest,\" he added.Principal chief conservator of forests A K Singh said that the department would take up plantation on 16,000 hectares, this year. \"It will include 550km stretch of road as well,\" he said. Jharkhand forest secretary Alka Tiwari said the density of forests in the state is reducing with time. \"It is of prime importance that the forest cover is increased,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15346988", "title": "Business goes on as usual", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after opposition leaders M C Nanaiah and M C Nanaiahcracked down on the misuse of Palace Ground, it was business as usual there. Most owners of the businesses on the premises claimed they're well within the rules laid down by the court and were confident that the recent order wouldn't affect them.\"We started off in December 1995, much before the state government issued an order to acquire Palace Grounds. We're also following the guidelines as none of our structures are permanent,\" said Vinod Kumar Sabharwal, owner of Fun World, which is on Palace Grounds.The owners of the Princess Academy of Equitation said it has been there since 1995 and there's no reason to stop now. \"We have permission from government agencies. Businesses set up before January 1996, can continue according to regulations,\" said Varchus ML Urs, son of the academy owner Meenakshi Devi.The management of the popular lounge Pebble said it has a permanent licence. \"We're not doing any events and following regulations,\" said AJ Mathew, manager, Pebbles.There are many temporary structures used for hosting marriages and other ceremonies.According to the regulations, marriage halls have been allowed to function within the ground limits though the rules prohibit 'commercial activities' there. But rules strictly direct temporary structures to be dismantled immediately after the programme.Filed by rik, cleared by shivu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350595", "title": "Careers in Journalism", "text": "Career counsellor Swati Salunkhe gives insights into journalism, a dynamic profession in the field of mass communicationPen is mightier than the sword. Even today, the younger generation is attracted to journalism. Everyday, there are several events happening across the world - political, cultural, religious, educational, social and natural events, etc. We come to know about these events sitting in our houses. How is that possible? Through mass communication, providing information to a large crowd at the same time. But, for this, someone has to collect the information as well as present it. This is the main aim of journalism. Journalism includes investigating, analysing and reporting local as well as world events, trends, current affairs, and so on.Qualification Journalism courses are offered at graduation and postgraduation levels. To become a journalism , one can complete a Bachelor's in mass communication/ mass media/journalism after +2. After completion in a related graduation field, one may complete a Master's in journalism or mass communication. A graduate (who has a flair for writing) from any other field can also opt for a postgraduate course in journalism.Also required is command over language, confidence, enthusiasm, patience and perseverance, ability to differentiate between fact and fiction, adhering to deadlines, team cohesiveness, sensitivity to different views and lifestyles, in-depth knowledge about various fields such as politics, culture, religion, social and current affairs. The most important fact is that people generally feel that journalism is all about writing. It is. However, it is also about reading and most importantly, the ability to express one's thoughts on varied topics. Journalism is for people who are ready to explore various opportunities 24/7, without the constraints of cultural upbringing, gender, and are also ready to go beyond geographical boundaries.Job prospects There are different categories in which the media industry can be divided - print and electronic. As the name suggests, everything that is printed comes under print media, which includes newspapers, magazines, journals, tabloids, dailies and books. On the other hand, electronic media includes content on television, radio and the internet. With changes in the society, even this field has undergone a radical change. A journalist has to cover stories/ features on various aspects of life i.e. political, financial, leisure, crime, sports , entertainment , spiritual, educational, infrastructure, technological, medical, and so on. Not to forget, along with the newspapers, there has been an increase in the number of magazines too. Specialised magazines are available in the field of fashion, beauty, family, for youth, travel, medical, technological, lifestyle, education, sports, etc. They can be in many languages.Some of the work opportunities are in the areas of advertising agencies; educational institutes, magazines, news papers, portals/websites of publications, publishing houses, radio channels as well as television channels. While there are opportunities in this field, it is a competitive field. Therefore, one has to perform at the highest level and be able to work under difficult situations. However, if one persists with hard work and passion, a career in journalism can be a fulfilling and lucrative option.Skills required Inquisitive and investigative mind Alertness Adaptive and tolerant of changing and difficult situations Good communication skillsCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15345517", "title": "After collector's assurance PAPs end 44-day strike", "text": "GONDIA: The irrigation project-affected unemployed youths, who were on a relay hunger strike, called off their stir on Thursday after collector Pradeep Kalbhor assured them that they would be provided jobs in irrigation department.The youths had been staging a relay hunger strike for 44 days in front of district collectorate seeking implementation of the March 14, 2001, state government gazette notification. The gazette stated that it is mandatory for all government offices to reserve 5% posts for the candidates affected by the various irrigation projects. It specifically stated that 50% posts in the irrigation department should be reserved for the PAPs. While other regions have started following the GR, Nagpur region has totally ignored it. At present there are 527 such eligible candidates.The youths found a saviour in Kalbhor who took charge as the district collector two months back. He played an instrumental role in holding a meeting of the employees' union leaders and the officers from the irrigation department in Nagpur. In the meeting, a consensus was reached that instead of cancelling appointments of 2,527 posts, the PAPs can be accommodated in the existing 1,330 vacancies.Representative of the employees Liladhar Pathode, Santosh Chute, Jitendra Badole and chief engineer of Nagpur irrigation department HM Kulkarni, chief engineer of Vidarbha Development Corporation AM Khapre and vigilance officer RN Thakare took part in the meeting. The proposal was then approved by collector Kalbhor, deputy collector Meshram, Gondia district president of NCP Vinod Harinkhede, SDO Anant Walaskar and representatives of the youths in a meeting held on Thursday. The proposal will be now forwarded to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15347264", "title": "Stop sand mining in Cauvery, govt told", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has directed the state government not to permit sand mining along the entire stretch of river Cauvery and Kollidam, in quarries that are functioning for more than five years.A bench comprising Justices R Banumathi and G M Akbar Ali also ordered on Friday that quarries functioning for less than five years are permitted to quarry sand for three months but have to obtain environmental clearance from the Union environment ministry to continue mining. The judges pronounced the order while hearing a batch of writ petitions filed by environmentalists and farmers that alleged indiscriminate sand mining along Cauvery was affecting the river.One of the petitioners, Cauvery Water Resources Protection Committee has said that indiscriminate mining of sand caused irreparable loss to the river and environment. The petitioners had alleged that quarrying was done in an unscientific way by lifting sand up to a depth of nine to 10 metres as against the permitted limit of three metres. The indiscriminate quarrying would lead to non-replenishment of sand in the river, which in turn would affect the sub-surface water table and thereby agriculture.Pathways were laid across the river and more than 2,000 trucks ferry sand from each of the quarries they charged and sought a ban on the quarrying activities. The petitioners also pulled up the state publics works department ( PWD) for failing to stop illegal sand quarrying. The counsel for the petitioners argued for mandatory obtaining of clearance from the environment ministry and Environmental Impact Analysis (EIA) committee to quarry sand in the state.While ordering the new quarries to obtain EIA clearance, the judges also reiterated the court's earlier order to provide adequate facilities for a state-level committee to monitor illegal sand mining across river beds.Last year, the high court bench had constituted a committee headed by retired judge, Justice E Padmanaban with others members to be nominated by the government to monitor the illegal sand mining and other mining activities. But the state government had allegedly failed to provide adequate facilities for the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346804", "title": "Sutia pledges to carry on Barun Biswas' work", "text": "KOLKATA: A month after he was killed for taking on a gang of criminals, Barun Biswas' unfinished work is about to be taken up by residents of his village at Sutia.Neighbours of the young teacher - who had formed the Pratibadi Mancha that protested a spate of rapes and murders in the area a decade ago - have got together to create a trustee board that will raise funds to help poor students, the unemployed and the elderly. It will also take up the initiative to implement the Ichhamati-Jamuna flood prevention plan that had been mooted by Biswas and later sanctioned by the state government.\"Barun went out of his way to help people. He would spend from his pocket to help youngsters buy books and the poor buy food. It was a passion for him and he loved to stand by people who needed assistance. It will be a pity if his good work is not continued. He also stood for justice and had to pay with his life for daring to take on criminals who raped village women. The idea behind forming the board is to ensure that his ideals live on. Also, it will keep the people of Sutia together and inspire them to protest if the criminals try to return,\" said Asit Biswas, his elder brother. Biswas was shot by miscreants at Gobardanga station on July 6 while he was returning home from Mitra Institution School in Kolkata where he taught.Around 30 to 35 people have joined the board that will begin by giving out financial aid to poor students. Scores of them would receive money and books from Biswas.The board will also help poor families living below the poverty line. It will assist job aspirants prepare for competitive exams. \"Barun would do all of these almost single-handedly. He was a one-man army and none of us can do what he did. But we can come together and carry on his work. There are scores in Sutia who depended on him. It's our responsibility to ensure that they have some assistance now that Barun is no more,\" said Nanigopal Poddar, a member of the trustee board and president of the Pratibadi Mancha. A Barun Biswas Memorial Committee has been formed as well.It won't be easy though, he admits. Mmoney could be a problem, he said.\"We need funds and have already started appealing to people for donations. Barun would exhaust his salary helping people. All we need to do is contribute a small amount each. It should be enough to take care of the board's needs,\" said Poddar. Plans are also afoot to raise money to provide treatment to locals as well.Biswas' family has demanded a CBI inquiry into the murder. \"Going by recent cases, we have no faith in the CID. The real criminals behind the murder need to be arrested soon. Only this can restore Sutia's faith in the administration and make us feel secure. At present, villagers, especially the women, are living in fear. We are scared that the criminals could be out on bail soon and return to torment those who had stood against them,\" said Asit Biswas, who now works and lives in Kolkata. He added that he has been receiving calls from villagers asking him to return to Sutia. \"I console them saying everything is going to be fine. But honestly, I am not so sure,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345607", "title": "11 candidates shortlisted for PDKV VC post", "text": "NAGPUR: The Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) may finally get a new vice chancellor next week. The search committee for the selection has shortlisted 11 persons in the first round of selection process. The selected persons have been called for a presentation to the committee on August 5. From these, the committee will narrow down the list to five candidates, who will be called for a personal interview with the chancellor to choose the VC.The search committee headed by former judge of Supreme Court justice VS Sirpurkar had begun the selection process by releasing an advertisement on May 28. The other committee members include director general of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) S Ayyappan and Maharashtra principal secretary of agriculture Sudhir Goyal. Former director of Central Institute for Research on Cotton Technology (CIRCOT) in Mumbai AJ Shaikh is the nodal officer of the committee.Although there is no official confirmation of the eleven names, since the committee is not expected to speak to the media or share the names with anyone, sources in the agriculture sector and the university revealed the names of the candidates who have already got letters for the presentation on Sunday. Sources say that the committee had received 42 applications for the post.The list includes the names of directors of research of all four agriculture universities in state, SV Sarodey (PDKV), GR More (Marathwada Agriculture University of Parbhani), Bhaskar Jadhav (Konkan Agriculture University in Dapoli) and Subhash Mehetre (Mahatma Phule Krishi Vidyapeeth at Rahuri). Two candidates are from ICAR; deputy director general of agriculture engineering MM Pandey and director of National Agriculture Innovation Project (NAIP) of ICAR Bangali Baboo. Two other names are project director of Agro-processing division of Central Institute of Agriculture Engineering in Bhopal SD Kulkarni and former associate dean of food technology college of MAU Dilip Kulkarni. The last two names could not be confirmed, but sources say one of them is from Hyderabad and other from North East Agriculture University.BoxPROCEDURE FOR SELECTION* Search committee is constituted by governor* Committee issues advertisement* Eligible candidates, with doctoral degree, adequate experience (about 25 years), eight years of experience as professor and administrative experience above post of head of department like director and dean, can apply* Selection committee shortlists 11-15 candidates* They make presentations to committee* Five candidates shortlisted* Personal interview with Governor and Chancellor* Within 1-2 days Governor announces selected candidateEnds", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15345749", "title": "Govt starts drive to identify brucellosis cases in cattle", "text": "MANGALORE: The department of animal husbandry will collect milk samples of 1,500 cows in Dakshina Kannada district for conducting milk ring test (MRT) to identify brucellosis cases under the Union government's National Control Programme of Brucellosis (NCPB).Deputy director of the department KV Halagappa said at a workshop on NCPB that a team of 72 veterinarians will collect the blood samples from Mangalore , Belthangady, Bantwal , Puttur and Sullia taluks. \"Gram negative intracellular bacteria (brucella abortus) causes the disease in cattle, sheep, dogs and pigs. Abortion, dip in milk production and impotency are some of the symptoms of the disease. MRT will be done in the department's laboratory in the city to find out whether the disease is found in the district,\" he said adding that the weather condition in the district is favourable for the spread of the disease.Halagappa said that MRT tests were being conducted for the first time in the coastal city. As many as 72 veterinarians from the district took part in the workshop.No cure YetThe government is yet to decide on the future action if large number of brucellosis cases is found. \"Culling is the only option as there is no drug available to treat the disease at present. However, it is up to the government to take a decision. The only prevention method, which is being adopted, is administering Brucella Abortus Calfhood S19 vaccine on calves,\" Halagappa added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15345551", "title": "Hundreds of families evacuated in Kullu as flash flood strikes Beas tributary", "text": "MANALI: Hundreds of people residing near Beas river have been evacuated to safe places after flash flood caused by torrential rain over Dhundi peaks at south portal of Rohtang tunnel flooded the Seri rivulet, a tributary to Beas river, on Friday at 8pm.People living close to river between Palchan and Kullu are being evacuated and traffic on national highway has been stopped. Till last report received from Palchan (near Dhundi) at 10.30pm, level of the river was rising continuously and police were evacuating the people from Bahang village, 6km from Manali. According to police, there is no report of any casualty.Sandeep Kumar , a resident of Bahang village, said people are trying to save the household accessories amid chaotic atmosphere and conditions have become even worse after power failure. \"Everything was normal till late evening but the situation changed suddenly after 8pm when river water, mixed with sludge, started engulfing its banks. People are risking their lives to remove the household stuffs,\" he said.An engineer working with a hydel project near Palchan said over phone that roaring sound of river is shaking the foundation of the houses. \"Nobody is going to sleep tonight. Villagers have gathered at many places and are guarding the river banks with floodlights,\" he said. According to villagers it is a cloudburst which might have caused devastation at its source on mountains.Kullu deputy commissioner Amitabh Awasthi said , police are patrolling the river banks and have directed people to move to safe places. \"We have closed the traffic on national highway. We shall keep an eye on the situation throughout the night,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347360", "title": "Disaster management plan spelled out areas prone to terror acts", "text": "PUNE: About a month before the four minor blasts went off in Pune, the Pune Municipal Corporation placed in public domain the vulnerability level of wards to terror acts.The civic body's integrated ward-level disaster management plan, published just a month ago, clearly states that Ghole Road ward area is suitable for carrying out IED (improvised explosive devices) implants for spreading only fear\".The plan, for the first time analyses various risks, one of which is terrorism, in each of the 14 wards. The Ghole Road ward area covers Jangli Maharaj Road. In its analysis about possible disasters and terror attacks, the disaster management plan has mentioned various institutions or sites which are vulnerable to such attacks.A senior PMC official said an agency appointed by the civic body had done the survey for identifying the vulnerable areas and points. Terrorism was included particularly in wake of the threat perception and the German Bakery blast in 2010, he said.The disaster management plan also points out that there could be acts of terrorism in the form of deliberate contamination of water in elevated storage reservoirs. Security at the water filtration plants or reservoirs is poor and more guards must be deployed at such places, the report states.Terrorist attacks, the plan says, cannot be ruled out as the city is a financial centre witnessing economic progress. The entire world has become a hotbed of terrorism and though the act does not essentially fall into the category of disasters as yet, the effects of any such acts would be as severe as that of any other disaster resulting from accidents or violence,\" says the plan.Referring to the German Bakery blast of February 2010 in the city, the plan has stressed on increased surveillance through CCTV cameras, having additional safeguards such as additional manpower for the police, and also the need for creating public awareness about terror attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15346968", "title": "25-yr-old woman dies of dengue", "text": "BANGALORE: One more woman succumbed to dengue in the city on Friday. But the state health department and the BBMP are still in denial mode.Dhakshayani, 25, a resident of Rajajinagar, died due to 'dengue shock syndrome with hypothygoidism' at ESIC Hospital at 6.40am, read the death certificate issued by the hospital.Dhakshayani's relatives took her body to the BBMP office near Hudson Circle and protested. However, the Palike claimed the death was not due to dengue, citing a Nimhans report.The communicable diseases, health and family welfare department has recorded just 3 confirmed deaths due to dengue since January 2012, whereas the city has already seen 11 casualties so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347157", "title": "\u2018Need to involve more youths for rural schemes\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: The unique lab-to-land initiative by the Union ministry of rural development has involved thousands of rural youth in the implementation of government's schemes for the masses by appointing them as Bharat Nirman volunteers. The number of these volunteers, working without any remuneration, is set to be Rs 4.5 lakh by the end of this year.The progress of the initiative and the scope for the expansion of the programme, so that it can cover all rural development schemes, is being discussed at a three-day colloquium, which began here on Friday. Bharat Nirman volunteers from 25 states are also part of this colloquium.Niten Chandra, joint secretary, rural development, who introduced the concept in 2010, was the main speaker on Friday. Other dignitaries present were state rural development minster Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya and additional chief secretary (rural development) CS Rajan.Chandra said a huge disconnect between the rural development ministry and people at large was being noticed for quite some time, which generated the idea for the initiative. People selected as volunteers are master trainers who generate awareness among the villagers about the benefits of various schemes.Chandra said Bhilwara was emerging as a model district and the initiative was being replicated in seven more districts in the state. He also said that Bharat Nirman volunteers could make officials like patwaris, ANMs and school teachers more responsible and generate confidence among the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15337152", "title": "Friendship Day: Celebs whom we would love to see being pals again", "text": "With Friendship Day round the corner,TOI makes a wishlist of warring celebs whom we would love to see being pals againRGV-KJO It's not just that their school of filmmaking completely differ from each other. Ram Gopal Varma and Karan Johar also seem to be always at war. If one tweets taking a dig at the other's film (Varma tweeted \"...will make My name is Raavan and Mani should make Raavan Ki Kurbaan\"), the other is quick to post a scathing reply (Karan said, \"You have an amazing sense of humour Ramu! Never shows up in your films though\"). But, this Friendship Day, we would like them to forget these squabbles and make such movies that both they and their detractors will be only too khushi to stay nishabdh!Lee- Hesh Once upon a time, their friendship and on-the-field chemistry was the talk of town. It was said that they were absolutely inseparable. Then ego started rearing its ugly head and things got bitter. Now, their spat have reached a point of no return with Bhupathi calling Paes 'a backstabber' and Paes publicly regretting the interference of dirty politics in his career. With the glorious history of victories behind them, we cannot but help wonder what would've happened if they had patched up for good! Who knows? Perhaps, they might have provided a ray of hope for all those frustrated with India's abysmal performances at the London Olympics.Bebo- Bhansali The latest feud to have hogged the limelight was between Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Kareena Kapoor. Kareena was Sanjay's first choice as Juliet when he decided to make his version of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. But, when Kareena gushed about marrying long-time boyfriend Saif Ali Khan this October, it was said that Bhansali wouldn't cast a 'married' heroine as Juliet. Though Kareena said that she walked out of the film, it goes without saying that all izz not well between them. But, this Sunday, if they listen to our guzaarish to let bygones be bygones and bury the hatchet to do films together, it'll be a win-win situation for their fans. What say?Sallu- VivekIt all started when a jilted and supposedly drunk Salman Khan created mayhem calling Vivek 41 times when the latter was dating his ex-flame, Aishwarya Rai. Vivek called a press conference to wash dirty linen in public. Though Vivek tried to break the ice and even apologized to Salman, the latter refused to relent. So things went back to square one. Recently, he again took a dig at Salman saying, \"Sher tiger se bada hota hai\" (Vivek doing a film called \"Sher \" while Salman's \" Ek Tha Tiger \" is in the pipeline). Now that a lot of water has flown under the bridge and Aishwarya Rai has moved on to becoming a Bachchan bahu and a mummy, Vivek and Sallu too ought to move ahead in life. Just for the records, Salman has recently surprised his fans when he said he professionally wished that films of all his rivals, including that of SRK, should do well at the box office. Do we hear the Sher roaring?Compiled by Madhusree Ghosh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "he may have left us forever, but kaka will always be there in our hearts. rajesh khanna's fans in cuttack paid him a tribute by performing his unforgettable songs from the 70s and 80s era. the poignant tunes of 'karvatein badalte rahe', 'kahin door jab din dhal jaye', 'zindagi kaisi yeh paheli', 'accha toh hum chalte hain' and 'zindagi ek safar hai suhana' performed by abhiram, aryan, ashish , shyama, lobha, md shakeel, satyajeet, sudipta, sonam and ullas, took the audience back to the days when khanna became the first indian superstar. odia actor hara pattanaik, who was also present at the event, said, \"being a fan of the superstar, i am here to pay my tribute to him.\" pattanaik also recalled some memorable lines that khanna often said when he used to come late for any public functions. \"the first thing he used to say was", "code": "15350042", "title": "Rajesh Khanna fans pay him tribute in the city", "text": "He may have left us forever, but Kaka will always be there in our hearts. Rajesh Khanna's fans in Cuttack paid him a tribute by performing his unforgettable songs from the 70s and 80s era. The poignant tunes of 'Karvatein badalte rahe', 'Kahin door jab din dhal jaye', 'Zindagi kaisi yeh paheli', 'Accha toh hum chalte hain' and 'Zindagi ek safar hai suhana' performed by Abhiram, Aryan, Ashish , Shyama, Lobha, Md Shakeel, Satyajeet, Sudipta, Sonam and Ullas, took the audience back to the days when Khanna became the first Indian superstar. Odia actor Hara Pattanaik, who was also present at the event, said, \"Being a fan of the superstar, I am here to pay my tribute to him.\" Pattanaik also recalled some memorable lines that Khanna often said when he used to come late for any public functions. \"The first thing he used to say was: \"Hum der karte nahin, der toh ho jaati hai\",\" shared Pattnaik. Today's GenY also loved his screen persona. Said Shirshendu Roy from the audience, \"I'm just 24 and regret that I could never see Rajesh Khanna in his prime. But, he was India's first superstar and his magic will never fade.\"Reported by - Swayamsiddha Mohapatra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15347565", "title": "Diarrhoea spreads to dozen villages in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: The number of diarrhoea patients is rising with the disease spreading to over a dozen villages in the district.Civil surgeon K N Tewary with his health team visited many affected areas. Of the eight blocks, diarrhea has been reported in Chas, Chandankyari, Jaridih, Petarwar and Kasmar blocks of the district.At least 28 villagers have been afflicted with diarrhoea in the past seven days, while 30 patients admitted to various hospitals last week. The villages that are affected are Basgoda, Kusma of Chas, Ponda, Sikritaad, Jeharataad of Kasmar and others.The areas situated in surroundings of Bokaro town including Sonataad, Ritudih, Azadnagar, Dumro, Siwandih are also affected by diarrhoea.The mukhiyas and panchayat leaders in many of the areas have asked the department to organize health camps.The patients are visiting private hospitals and Bokaro General Hospital (BGH) for treatment, apart from government hospitals.Tewary has directed government health centers in rural areas to provide round-the-clock treatment to the patients.Auxiliary nurse midwives are also visiting each village to collect report about the diarrhoea patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15347244", "title": "Muslim body asks govt to keep BTC free of illegal arms", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India Muslim Majlis E Mushawarat (AIMMM), an umbrella body of Muslim organisations in the country, has asked the state government to start a crackdown on illegal arms in the possession of miscreants in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) soon.After a three-day tour of the violence-affected areas of BTC and meeting with relief camp inmates, an AIMMM delegation raised the issue of seizing illegal arms with the chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Thursday.AIMMM president Zafarul Islam Khan on Friday said that unless the state government starts the exercise of mopping up illegal arms, there are chances of a rerun of the recent \"carnage\" in the BTC.\"The chief minister has assured us that rehabilitation of displaced people will be completed by August 15 and foolproof security arrangements will be made for the safe return of displaced people to their respective villages. However, we have raised the issue of seizure of illegal arms from miscreants. The chief minister has also agreed that illegal arms pose a threat to long-term peace in the BTC,\" Khan said.Without naming any groups, Khan added that the recent violence in the BTC was the result of illegal arms possession by miscreants.Recently, Union finance minister P Chidambaram (earlier home minister), during his visit to BTC also raised the issue of firearms in the hands of rebel groups that have not joined the mainstream yet. \"There are groups that still possess firearms and have not joined the mainstream yet,\" Chidambaram had said.Khan also informed that the AIMMM has decided to help the relief camp inmates to file first information reports (FIR) against the perpetrators of the violence and provide legal aid to them. \"Our volunteers will help the camp inmates in filing FIRs because without this, legal redressal will not be successful. We have requested the government to provide facilities in the relief camps itself for filling of FIRs,\" Khan said.The AIMMM delegation also met Bodo leaders including BPF MP Biswajit Daimary and BTC member Daneshwar Goyari.Khan said that the Bodo leaders said they also wanted peace in the BTC and return of the displaced people to their respective villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15346158", "title": "7-day-old baby found abandoned in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A seven-day-old girl was found abandoned on the steps of a temple in Sector 23 near Kavinagar on Friday.A senior police officer said residents found the baby crying on the steps around 10.30pm. They then alerted the cops.\"She was immediately rushed to MNC district hospital,\" the official said.Doctors at the hospital said the baby is stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349926", "title": "Beyonce decorates fingernails with portrait of Jay-Z", "text": "Beyonce has found a novel way to express her love for her husband by putting a portrait of Jay-Z on her fingernail beside a snapshot of herself.The 30-year-old posted the adorable photograph of her creative nail art on her Tumblr page.While she did not add any captions or comments, it was clear that the mother-of-one and her husband of four years were the centrepiece, both their heads cut out into miniscule pictures.The 'Crazy In Love' singer's smiling face had been glued to the wedding finger on her left hand, while the rapper's picture was on the equivalent finger on the right hand, the Daily Mail reported.To add a dash of bling, their faces had both been framed in gold beads.Upon the right hand, the MOBO-winner featured dark purple nails embellished with diamante jewels with the initial J and Z, while on the left, the letters B and N are visible.There were also two rogue gold nails that had been decorated with a variety of gems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15345512", "title": "Ramzan prayers: Now Muslims protest in Jalandhar", "text": "JALANDHAR: Muslims protested outside the office of Commissioner of Police here on Friday for not allowing them to complete their prayers during Ramzan days on a Waqf Board land in Gazi Gulla locality after Hindu residents of the locality had opposed their offering prayers at the site and building a mosque there on Thursday.Even as the Muslims had started offering prayers with the advent of Ramzan some days back on Thursday they were not allowed on Thursday evening after residents of the locality had opposed and staged a dharna outside the site.The talks on Thursday failed to resolve the issue even as Muslim leaders had offered that they should be allowed to continue the prayers during Ramzan and they would not build a mosque.The Muslims descended on the district administration complex after the prayers in the afternoon and their leaders announced that they would handover keys of around 20 mosques to the police in protest against continuation of Ramzan prayers at the site.They had even announced to hold the evening prayers in DAC. However after negotiations with the police they returned after submitting a memorandum to the Deputy Commissioner of Police, Sarabjit Singh and police told them that the issue would be sorted out in three days.\"We had offered that let the Ramzan prayers be continued at the site and we shall not construct a mosque and an alternate place would be looked for that. But even at this the other side was not ready,\" said Usman Qureshi, member of Punjab Waqf Board and member of Shiromani Akali Dal General Council.Meanwhile, Hindu activists including those from Congress, BJP and some right wing organizations also started a dharna in the street where the site under controversy is located and started singing bhajans.Commissioner of Police Gaurav Yadav said \"we have asked the DC to clear the status of land according to revenue record,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15346533", "title": "Taleigao panchayat opposes IT Habitat at Dona Paula", "text": "PANAJI: The Taleigao village panchayat has decided to oppose the IT Habitat in Dona Paula.The gram sabha recently passed a resolution opposing the IT habitat at its meeting on Sunday.Confirming the passing of the resolution, Taleigao sarpanch Ilda Falcao said, \"If the people don't want the IT habitat, how can we (the panchayat) support it?\"\"We will go by what the people of Taleigao say,\" she added.Taleigao MLA Jennifer Monserrate said, \"Being the people's representative, I have to respect their decision.\" She said that Taleigao locals have long been opposed to the IT Habitat fearing it to be a real estate scam.Monserrate had stated a few days ago in the state assembly that \"the right companies need to be brought in\" if the IT Habitat is to be revived.\"It should be done in the right way,\" Monserrate had said. She had said the habitat \"should cater only to the business of IT and not malls and hotels.\"She had also sought jobs for local youth in the proposed habitat and demanded that revenue earned from the IT Habitat by way of taxes be partly shared with the panchayat.Monserrate had also called for putting in place a proper infrastructure in Taleigao before considering any plans for setting up of the IT Habitat.\"If the government addresses the people's concerns of water, electricity and other infrastructure, and assures jobs to locals and revenue to the Taleigao panchayat, the fresh proposal can be put before the gram sabha for the people's verdict,\" Monserrate said when asked if there was any possibility of the village panchayat reconsidering its resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15336763", "title": "Friendship Day: Do you have a perfect present?", "text": "Are you losing your hair trying to choose a gift for Friendship Day this Sunday? We help you.It's the time for dil, dosti etc. With Friendship Day knocking on the door, youngsters are buying gifts, greeting cards, and, of course, friendship bands to show their love for their pals.A wide range of special friendship bands and cards have flooded the Ranchi markets this year. Shopkeepers are also wooing the customers with various types of band, ranging from colourful plastic ones to the more sophisticated metallic bracelets that can adorn the hands much after Friendship Day is over.Shashwati Shrivastava, a student of Women's College, said, \"I have bought a metallic bracelet for my friend. I think, she can match it with all her clothes and wear it whenever she wants.\"Most popular among the friendship bands are the evil eye bands and those made of metallic balls. A glittering band available in the market with friend imprinted on a leather wrist watch is also a hit among the youth.Metallic bands are available in the range of `125 to `299 whereas their plastic and rubber counterparts are available between `35 and `99.Greeting cards have also gone a step ahead. Instead of simple cards, those in the form of certificate and scrolls are gaining popularity this year. Franchisee holder of gifts gallery in the city, Kundan Kashyap, said, \"The cards in the form of certificates, costing `65, are the most popular this year.\" The certificate reads 'This is to certify that this person is declared the best friend in the world'.However, it's not only fuzzy warm messages that are attracting youngsters. Some of them are all set to gift bracelets, key rings, lockets and photo frames to see a smile light up their special friend's faces. Stones, metal and bead embellishments on fabric ranging from velvet , silk , fibre and leather that have \"friend\" written on them are immensely popular.The newest addition to the market is the diamante and Swarovski embellished key rings. Suhas Burman, the owner of a city gift shop, said, \"These key rings cost `199 per piece and are more popular among boys.\"Friendship lockets have also made inroads into stores. There are two similar looking lockets in one box for both friends. These lockets are available for `249. \"I'm buying this locket so that my friend and I always were it and remember each other wherever we are,\" said Niharika, a student.Cute photo frames and coffee mugs that flaunt comic quotations or have sentimental value are also selling like hot cakes. Gift-wraping any of these with love and a box of chocolates will undoubtedly ensure that this Friendship Day is well spent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "15349034", "title": "Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg falls off list of world's 10 richest tech CEOs", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook shares crumbled again on Thursday, sending the once-feverishly sought-after name below $20 for the first time as investors scrambled to get out of the way of a potential share deluge in coming weeks.With this slide, co-founder Mark Zuckerberg is no longer among the world's 10 richest technology billionaires. Zuckerberg is now worth $10.2 billion.Thursday marked a five-day losing streak for the Facebook stock, which has shed almost $50 billion in value since its debut - more than the total valuation of Hewlett-Packard or Starbucks.The stock debuted at $38 and has headed south since, pummeled by growing doubts about its lofty valuation, growth prospects, high-profile departures.Now, investors are struggling to understand the impact of the expiry on August 16 of a lockup period on insiders' sales.That's when the first restrictions barring employees and early investors from selling goes away, opening a spigot to roughly 1.88 billion additional shares for trading by year's end.Some investors said the stock's downward slide may actually lessen the deadline's impact as insiders opt to wait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344842", "title": "Dad's firm has debts but business to go on: Lalit Sheth's son", "text": "MUMBAI: Akash (28), son of Raj Travels founder Lalit Sheth (56), who committed suicide on Wednesday, said he would continue with his father's business.Akash told TOI on Friday, \"The company has been sincere in its professional duty for the last several decades.\" He admitted the company owed money to several people and said they also had to receive money from certain transactions. \"I have been busy with my own business setup for the last three years. Now I have to study the business cycle that was looked after by my father before making decisions.\" Akash, a management and tourism professional, has his own business interests.Sheth ended his life by jumping off the Worli-Bandra Sea Link. on Wednesday afternoon. His body was found near the Worli Fort around 4.30pm.He denied his father was under immense pressure to make arrangements for Europe and US travel bookings. \"It is not true that Raj Travels has kept its customers who had paid money for upcoming international tours bookings in the dark. Already a group of tourists have gone for the tour and the entire package is being taken care of.\"No doubt there are ups and downs in the travel business. It happens due to the seasonal variations and fluctuations in the dollar rates. \"I will not like to comment about the business affected due to cancellation of flight tickets. But we had made alternative arrangements spending extra from our pocket so that the tours does not get cancelled,\" he said.On non-payment of rent for the company's Chowpatty office, he said the matter is in court. \"We have two months to vacate the office premises. It was not the case that we had to make the payment in four days that forced my father to end his life. Meanwhile, the court receiver has asked the company to deposit a sum of around Rs50 lakhs which includes interest charge,\" he said.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni said that they will gather information about the clientele and the travel agents with whom Sheth had his interactions in the last few days before his death. \"There is no complaint of any foul play,\" he said. \"We are trying to find out what triggered the suicide,\" he said.We are trying to get a clear picture about the reason that triggered Sheth to end his life,\" said Kulkarni.Meanwhile Vinod Bhagat who owns the office premises of Raj Travels office said that Sheth was his close friend since 1970s. \"It is a difficult time and I don't want to disturb his family as they are under shock,\" said Bhagat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15346564", "title": "Authorities see less scope for fee hike rollback", "text": "BHOPAL: The principal of St Mary's has submitted a written response about details of the fee hike, effected in the school. But the school education department authorities are not really hopeful about any major change in the existing fees structure of the institution as none of the parents, who had complained about it, is willing to come out in open.The school has also convened a parents' teacher association (PTA) meeting on Saturday to discuss the issue.Additional director R S Sharma told TOI, \"The principal of St Mary's School has submitted the details related to the last five years' fees. But no irregularities were found. The main problem is that none of the parents, who had earlier raised the issue with us, are willing to come out in the open. Without that we cannot do much.\"He added, \"The only way to ascertain whether the fee hike was legitimate or not is to consult the PTA as the school claims to have taken the permission from the latter. A meeting with the school's PTA would be convened on Saturday at 11 am.\"But Sharma wasn't too hopeful of a positive outcome as the members of the PTA would probably be upper class individuals who would not mind Rs 3,000-5,000 fee hike. The non-representation from all classes of society could be a factor.\"In case of fee hike controversy at St Theresa, parents had raised voice against the fee hike. This is clearly lacking in St Mary's case. Only when the parents come out in full strength and have a face-to-face discussion with the school authorities, any result can be achieved,\" he said.On July 27, some parents had complained to the district education officer (DEO) against the exorbitant fee hike at St Mary's School, Tulsi Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347198", "title": "\u2018Don\u2019t invest pension funds in stocks\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government employees have once again protested against their pension fund savings being invested in the stock market. As per provisions of the contributory pension scheme introduced in 2004, the Centre and the state governments have been investing a part of their employees' pension funds in the stock market without any guarantee against the risks involved.\"We have learnt that the state government recently invested Rs 520 crore of its 1.25 lakh employees recruited since 2004 in the stock market. We have opposed the scheme right from the beginning but the present government is bent upon pleasing its political bosses by risking the lifelong savings of the employees,\" said KK Gupta, president of the All Rajasthan State Government Employees Federation. \"A pension bill to cover employees recruited before 2004 is also pending before the Parliament and the UPA government wants to get it cleared during the monsoon session. We strongly oppose this bill too,\" Gupta added.The federation has reiterated that the government should restore the pre-2004 pension scheme. Federation's general secretary Tej Singh Rathore said the organisation would protest against the government's anti-employees policies through a sustained agitation beginning in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347423", "title": "Staff crunch stares at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a sorry state of affairs in city's higher educational scenario, Panjab University, which is often counted among India's leading universities, is severely crippled by staff crunch. Sample this \u2014 PU's department of chemistry, which is the second largest contributor to university's research work, has only 17 permanent teachers instead of 45 sanctioned posts. In a still worse case, at PU's department of punjabi, 400 students are being taught by three teachers only, out of which one will retire in October 2012. Physical education department, with over 100 students, has four teachers against 15 sanctioned posts. Department of bio-chemistry, that currently has close to 140 students enrolled in masters' programme and caters to over 200 extra students in other departments, has only six regular teachers against 16 sanctioned posts. Likewise, close to 85 centres and departments in PU are facing a similar crisis. The exponential hike in number of students on campus, from 5,000 till five years ago to its current strength of 20,000, PU's teaching departments are majorly struggling to meet the faculty crunch. Currently, most PU departments are running on 42% staff strength in comparison to the number of posts sanctioned. In its presentations for various assessments and budgetary purpose, PU has revealed a figure of 1,510 sanctioned posts to government of India. Of these, currently nearly 640 teachers are working as permanent teachers. \"The department is in dire need of faculty. We are currently managing classes and other academic work through research scholars and two re-employed faculty,\" says Rajat Sudhir, chairperson, department of bio-chemistry, PU. Each year, the number of teachers is reducing because of retired faculty whose places are lying vacant and no new recruitment are being done. \"There are close to 400 students in the department and only three teachers bearing the work load. We have facing a harrowing time on the research front,\" says Sukhdev Singh, chairperson, department of punjabi, which was founded in 1951 and is among the oldest departments of punjabi. Over 10 posts are lying vacant and research scholars share the burden of faculty members, who seldom find time for research. The School of Punjabi Studies at PU comprises four departments including-department of Punjabi, two research chairs and department of lexicography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347442", "title": "CBI allowed to question suspects in NDA recruitment scam", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Friday granted permission to the CBI to interrogate Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to the National Defence Academy (NDA) commandant, and seven others in the alleged class IV recruitment scam in the NDA.The suspects, including Colonel A K Singh who was the presiding officer of the recruitment board at NDA, will be interrogated at the Yerawada central jail from August 4 to 11 between 10 am and 5 pm.CBI special public prosecutor Ayub Pathan told the court that the suspects need to be interrogated again since certain new facts have emerged in the scam. He said the suspects will be made to sit before each other during the interrogation for conducting fair investigations.Col Kulbir Singh's lawyer Sudhir Shah gave a no objection, while the lawyers representing the other suspects had opposed the CBI plea on the grounds that the agency had been given sufficient time by the court to interrogate the suspects while they were in CBI custody.The court upheld the prosecution's plea and gave permission to deputy superintendent of police Rajpal Singh and others to interrogate the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15347690", "title": "Pak jails 5 army officers for links with banned outfit", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's military court on Friday convicted five senior officers for having links with the banned militant organization Hizbut-Tahrir, the army said in a statement.The statement said that the most senior officer Brigadier Ali Khan was handed a five-year prison sentence while others received sentences of 18 months to three years. The army said the convicts have the right to appeal against the decision. Khan and four other military officers were detained following the killing of Osama bin Laden in a US raid in Pakistan in May, 2011, for suspected links to Hizb-ut-Tahrir (HuT), a British-based Islamic group banned in Pakistan.Khan was working at the army's general headquarters in Rawalpindi at the time of his arrest. Media reports said that he had met the chief of HuT for Palestinian territory at a time when he was plotting to overthrow the government in Pakistan and replace it with a Islamic caliphate.In his statement to the court, Khan said that he was being victimised for speaking the truth against officers who he said had let the al-Qaeda leader live in Pakistan for five years and then allowed US forces to kill him. During the court-martial proceedings witnesses\u2014mostly army officers\u2014told the court that Khan wanted to bring about an \"Islamic revolution\" . The four others convicted were Maj Sohail Akbar, who got 3-year sentence , Maj Jawad Baseer, who got 2 years, and Maj Inayat Aziz and Maj Iftikhar, who got one-and-a-half year terms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15347791", "title": "Award of TSR system contract was transparent, Bhanot tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nothing was kept \"secret\" regarding the award of Timing, Scoring and Results (TSR) system contract to a Swiss firm ahead of the Commonwealth Games , former CWG Organizing Committee secretary general Lalit Bhanot, accused in a Games-related corruption case, told a special CBI court on Friday.Opposing the framing of charges, Bhanot's counsel told special judge Talwant Singh that everything was \"transparent\" in the process of awarding the contract to Swiss Timing as it was announced in the general assembly meeting of the OC on October 12, 2009.\"Nothing can be more transparent on part of Organizing Committee (OC) as it had openly announced in its general assembly meeting that the Timing, Scoring and Results (TSR) system contract is being given to Swiss Timing.\"A large number of foreigners were also present in that meeting. Nothing was kept secret so where is the conspiracy,\" he said. The counsel also argued that while framing charges against Bhanot, the court must examine where the \"conspiracy, dishonesty and maliciousness\" was.\"Conspiracy is done between two-three persons and it is kept secret but when the award of contract was announced in front of a large number, it is not conspiracy or dishonesty,\" he said.The counsel further said it was the openness of OC that they came in public with whatever they had with them regarding the award of TSR contract.Earlier, the CBI prosecutor had argued that two bids were received for TSR contract from Swiss Timing and MSL Spain and the same were opened on November 4, 2009 but sacked CWG OC chief Suresh Kalmadi and director general V K Verma, accused in the case, had on October 12, 2009 itself announced in a meeting that the contract would be awarded to Swiss Timing.The CBI had alleged that Kalmadi and his associates had rejected MSL's bid with much lower value at Rs 62 crore for installing the TSR system for the CWG Games and had awarded it to Swiss Timing Omega, causing a loss of over Rs 90 crore to the public exchequer.Kalmadi, Bhanot and nine others have been charge-sheeted by the CBI for allegedly \"illegally\" awarding contract to install the TSR system for the 2010 CWG to Swiss Timing, violating various provisions of the IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "15346754", "title": "ATM goes awry, sealed after snag detected", "text": "DARBHANGA: The ATM of State Bank of India (SBI) installed at Pali market under Ghanshyampur block in Darbhanga district on August 2 started releasing more money then asked for making the customers richer and putting the bank in loss. The ATM kiosk has been sealed after the incident.One of the ATM card holders processed the ATM for withdrawal of Rs 3,000 against which he received Rs 7,000 but the account position in the statement slip reflected withdrawal of Rs 3,000 only. Another person received Rs 5,000 against the desired withdrawal of Rs 4,200.It was the generator operator, who after noticing the element of surprise on a customer's face, detected the error in the ATM and recovered the additional fund from him and informed the branch manager of the nearby branch after which the ATM was sealed and the headquarters was informed accordingly. The exact loss put to the bank is being assessed.When contacted, K P Roy, regional manger, Darbhanga region of SBI, confirmed the higher withdrawal from the ATM in three instances only on August 2. One consumer even returned the excess amount.He further said that ATM has been closed and engineers from Patna would come and rectify the system very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347466", "title": "Light rains to continue for next 24 hours: IMD", "text": "PUNE: The intensity of rain in the city has gone down significantly with only 3.2 mm rain being recorded in the 12 hours between 8.30 am and 8.30 pm on Friday.Another 4.1 mm rain was recorded in the last 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Friday. The city has now received total 206.7 mm rain since the beginning of the monsoon season on June 1. The rainfall deficiency is still around 138 mm for the season so far.Intermittent spells of light rain are likely to continue in the next 24 hours, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast.An IMD official attributed the reduced rainfall activity to the shifting of the monsoon trough to the north of its normal position. \"The western end of the monsoon trough now runs close to the foothills of the Himalayas. While this will bring rains to parts of northwest India, which has been reeling under a severe rainfall deficiency, there will be lesser rains in the areas located southwards of the monsoon trough, including central India,\" the official said.The monsoon has been vigorous over central Maharashtra, between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south, and active over Konkan and Goa during the last 24 hours. Fairly heavy rainfall was reported at various places in the south central Maharashtra with Mahabaleshwar in Satara district receiving 130 mm rain till 8.30 am on Friday and another 38 mm till 8.30 pm on Friday. Satara city recorded 60 mm rain. Bhira, which is located close to Pune, received, 30 mm rain, while Vengurla in Konkan recorded 120 mm rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15346960", "title": "Cops bust cyber racket involving Nigerians", "text": "BELGAUM: Nigerians overstaying in Bangalore even after the visa expiry date are creating fresh troubles to the police. Their presence is reportedly leading to a spurt in cyber crimes, say police sources.Khanapur police from Belgaum arrested a gang of four Nigerians near Bangalore a week ago for allegedly duping the public of several lakhs of rupees by sending fake emails, misusing data from social networking sites.Explaining their modus operandi, police said the accused would inform the victims that they had won an e-lottery worth five lakh pounds. They would then dispatch mails asking the victims to make a minimum deposit in order to transact the prize money. If anybody deposits the transaction fee, the accused will ask them more money for the same purpose.The arrests were made following a complaint by K B Naukudkar, resident of Belgaum, who lost Rs 1.23 lakh to such a racket. The police had arrested the accused and sent them to Hindalaga jail.It was the second gang of Nigerians arrested by Khanapur police in connection with cyber crimes. In January, Khanapur police arrested three Nigerians and a South African along with a woman from Nagaland for cheating the public after offering them high-end cellphones for lowest prices through social media. \"Once they get the payment, they would delete their websites,\" said police.One thing was similar in both cases - the accused Nigerians were staying in India despite their visas expiring almost a year ago. According to Khanapur PSI Dheeraj Shinde, visa period of most of the arrested Nigerians expired around a year ago. Interestingly, most of them are software engineers by qualification. In January, police had recovered 5 laptops, 16 cellphones, 24 SIM cards, 8 ATM cards, 5 driving licenses, 2 PAN cards, 2 internet data cards and 7 passports from the gangsters. The cops are yet to verify the authenticity of their passports had Punjab addresses.However, the court has given them conditional bail and asked them not to leave the state. SP Sandeep Patil said the accused would be sent to their respective countries once the case is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350869", "title": "Students' choice", "text": "In the last few years, computer science &amp; engineering has emerged as a popular discipline among students in IIT-Delhi. Vishakha Sharma reportsComputer science and engineering is a discipline, which is constantly aligning itself with the future, presenting intellectual challenges and developing new knowledge on a day-to-day basis. This is why, for the last few years, this branch of engineering has been a favourite with an increasing number of students who have been coming to study at the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi (IIT-Delhi).According to M Balakrishnan, professor, computer science and engineering, IIT-D, like previous years, computer science and engineering has been the most sought-after course at the undergraduate level at IIT-D in 2012 as well.He adds, \"Although there are a fixed number of seats (around 100) for all the courses on offer at IIT-D, be it civil engineering, mechanical engineering or computer science and engineering, this particular year, students with high scores have chosen to opt for computer science and engineering.\"Balakrishnan attributes the discipline's popularity to research scopes (bio, mechanics, neuro-science, etc), besides good career opportunities, remuneration and challenges.However, most students who opt for this discipline at an undergraduate level are not much aware of the kind of research opportunities this field offers. Instead, most of them usually choose this field because of the wide range of career opportunities it offers, adds Balakrishnan. He informs that computer science and engineering graduates can choose their career in different areas. They can work on web applications, computer graphics, video games, enterprise computing, embedded systems, network administration, mobile applications, computer vision, computational biology, super-computing, scientific modelling, computer security, database systems, animation, wireless network, artificial intelligence, core companies, computational skills, computer manufacturing, computer programming, bank sector, and more.\"Also, there is a growing industry-demand for computer engineers. Job profiles of computer scientists and engineers exist in almost every industry. The remuneration is attractive. Though it is not true that other branches of engineering have less to offer, options as perceived by students in computer science and engineering are immense, which is why they tend to opt for the programme,\" he concludes.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15347324", "title": "3 Nashik players in state U-25 cricket team", "text": "NASHIK: On the basis of their performance in the last season of the Maharashtra Invitation league, three Nashik cricketers have made their way into Maharashtra's U-25 probable cricket team for the upcoming season.Medium pacer Sajin Sureshnath, who already has played the Ranji trophy matches, left-arm spinner Satyajeet Bachhav, who represented the state team in the national championship and is also the second highest wicket taker in U-19 cricket and budding wicket keeper-batsman Abhijeet Ghorpade, have made it to the state's U-25 team. Coach Shekhar Ghosh and trainer, Shekhar Gavali are both Nashikites. -Deepak Odhekar\"The nets of the probable players will begin in Nashik from August 5, in Nashik at the Golf Ground in the morning and evening,\" said newly-appointed coach Shekhar Ghosh. Trainer Shekhar Gavali will look after fitness of the players. Both Gavali and Ghosh are from Nashik. This is the fourth time the NDCA (Nashik District Cricket Association) is being given the honour of organizing the coaching camp by the MCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15346678", "title": "Youngistan hails Vijay's 'Vijay'", "text": "INDORE: Social networking sites were flooded with messages as soon as the news about India winning second medal at London Olympic came in on Friday evening. Facebook and twitter were flooded with congratulatory messages for silver medallist Vijay Kumar .Indoreans had a reason to celebrate this special occasion as the silver medallist in Men's 25m Rapid fire pistol is posted as subedar of Indian Army in Mhow. Indoreans expressed their happiness and solidarity with the shooter with their messages on public networking sites.Mohit Patiyala just a minute after Vijay Kumar's victory posted on his facebook wall, \"Surprise VIJAY for VIJAY\". He was happy to discover that the silver medalist hails from Mhow. In his next message Mohit wrote that it is yet another feather in the rich legacy of Indore and Malwa.Similarly, Akhil Pillai, an MBA shared Vijay's picture on facebook and quoted, \"A guy posted in Mhow won the second medal for India. Congrats Vijay. It's a double treat to Indoreans- a medal in Olympic that too from a guy posted in Mhow.\"Amit Sampat a sportsman expressed his delight by posting, \"With a Silver, Vijay, you made us proud.\" In his next message Amit urges the participants to break the last year record by wining more medals. Last year India had won three medals in Olympic: a gold, silver and bronze.Sapna Saxena congratulated Olympic medallist on twitter \"Great going India, Vijay you made India proud by bringing the well deserved medal. Indians are waiting for few more in days to come.\"Some expressed the feelings hoping that India could grab more medal in its bag, just as Vivek Samaiya tweeted \"We started with a bronze, then came to silver, now its time to grab gold.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347106", "title": "HC stay on selection of grade-III teachers", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Friday stayed the ongoing selection process of teacher grade III till August 13 for rejecting the candidature of selected candidates on the ground that they have secured less than 45% marks in their senior secondary examination.Justice M N Bhandari passed an interim order on a petition filed by three of the rejected candidates. Counsel for the petitioners Devendra Bharadwaj contended that those candidates who had taken admission in teacher training courses prior to August 31, 2009 were eligible for being selected in the teacher grade-III post as there was no condition on having a qualification of securing marks higher than 45% in senior secondary. The state government, however, refused to give appointment stating that the candidates do not possess minimum qualifying marks in their senior secondary.\"The NCET has issued a notification making such candidates eligible but the government rejected their candidature without any justified ground,\" Bharadwaj said.The court issued notice to principal secretary (education), CEOs of zila parishads Jodhpur, Jaisalmer and Sikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345495", "title": "Rs 1.5 lakh penalty on insurance firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: The New India Assurance Co Ltd has been directed by a consumer forum to pay Rs 9.73 lakh to one of its policy holders as reimbursement for theft of his truck and pay Rs 1.5 lakh as compensation for rejecting his claim on \"imaginary speculations.\" Asking the firm to pay Rs 11.23 lakh to complainant Gaurav Gupta, the New Delhi District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum said his claim had been denied by the company \"deliberately\" to harass him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15346541", "title": "Govt ignored PM's letter on tiger conservation", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government,which is seeking a review on the recent tourism ban in the core areas of tiger reserves , failed to take appropriate action on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's letter on tiger conservation written about two-and a half years ago. No action on behalf of the state forest department compelled wildlife conservation activists to approach the law courts for a ban on tourism in the core areas.After the recent Supreme Court order, banning tourism in core areas of tiger reserves, the state government has been maintaining that it will move the Apex court again on the issue as it would affect the livelihood of the local population around tiger reserves. But the government which is sensitive about livelihood and employment of locals perhaps did not do enough to protect tigers in the sanctuaries which is the reason why tourism has been banned.A letter from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh dated April 8, 2010 to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan pointed out: \"Madhya Pradesh has several source populations of tiger and there is an urgent need to secure this through concrete efforts. The core or critical tiger habitats of the reserves have to be safeguarded immediately from decimating factors like man-tiger conflicts, poaching and resource dependency of local people while ensuring availability of forest areas in the fringes for the spill-over population of wild animals\".The letter from the Prime Minister further suggested expediting the notification of buffer areas of the tiger reserves vis-a-vis the provisions of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972. He had also suggested regulating tourism related commercial activities in the surrounds of core areas of tiger reserves by declaring buffer areas of tiger reserves as ecologically sensitive under the Environment Protection Act 1986.Besides, the Prime Minister had also suggested making the core critical tiger habitats inviolate in a time bound manner by expediting re-location of human settlements with the enhanced re-location package of project tiger and stepping up of protection in a professional manner by constituting a tiger protection force.Tiger conservationists who appealed before the law courts for banning tourism from core areas of tiger reserves, pointed out that they were forced to take the step as the state did not declare buffer zones in any of the tiger reserves despite having legal requirements. After an NGO Prayatna'', moved the state High Court on the issue, the state forest department was compelled to notify Pench, Satpura, Kanha, Badhavgarh and Sanjay tiger reserves. However, it still left out the most critical Panna which was left with no tiger population in 2007.Tiger conservation activist Ajay Dubey told TOI that the Prime Minister advised to shift tourism in a phased manner from the core to buffer and to create a special tiger protection force. But it was not done leading to an increase in the number of poaching cases. Similarly, he argued that the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) had asked the state government to declare a CBI inquiry into the decline and subsequent wiping out of the tiger population in Panna in 2007 but the state is yet to act on the recommendation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "15344874", "title": "Hire DJ, pay fine: Haryana panchayats", "text": "REWARI: Hiring a DJ to celebrate the birth of a child will invite a fine and the wrath of the panchayat if you are living in Rewari, Haryana. Around 20 villages in the district have banned DJs at social functions here.Bhoja Ram's family in Nangla village was told to pay a fine of Rs 5,100 to the panchayat for hiring a DJ to celebrate the birth of a boy. The panchayat also warned the family members of further action if they held parties with loud music. Although 20 villages had banned DJs last year, this is the first time that a panchayat decided to impose a fine on violating the diktat.Bhoja's family and relatives had celebrated the birth until late Wednesday night and some neighbours had complained to the sarpanch, Santosh Devi. Before imposing the fine, the sarpanch met with the gram sabha on Thursday and Bhoja was also given a chance to \"defend\" himself. The panchayat also reported the matter to Khol police station.Santosh Devi told TOI on Friday that Bhoja accepted his fault and agreed to pay the fine. \"The panchayat served him a notice for violating the gram sabha decision regarding ban on hiring DJs in the village,\" she said. \"Last year we had adopted a resolution in this regard and informed the district administration,\" the sarpanch said.Khol SHO Rajesh Kumar said the police were informed. \"We sent a team to the village on Thursday to prevent any untoward incident. The matter was resolved amicably as the family agreed to pay the fine.\"The SHO said several villages in Rewari, Bhiwani, Mahendergarh, Rohtak and Jind district, including Khol town, had banned DJs at any function after several incidents of clashes and eve-teasing reported from such spots. In February, 13 people were injured in clashes after a dance and music party at Nawan Dhani village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346589", "title": "Patna HC rejects Mohammad Shahabuddin's plea to quash FIR", "text": "PATNA: Patna high court on Friday rejected the petition of former RJD MP from Siwan, Mohammad Shahabuddin , seeking quashing of the FIR lodged against him in connection with a murder case. The HC's single bench was presided by Justice Anjana Prakash.Shahabuddin had sought quashing of the FIR lodged against him on March 17, 2002, by a Siwan BJP leader, Ramakant Pathak. Pathak, in his FIR with Hussainganj police station, had charged the former MP with killing his son Santosh and servant Ashok. Incidentally, Pathak's wife, Asha Pathak, is currently BJP MLA from Ziradei in Siwan district.Earlier, a lower court at Siwan had rejected the petition of Shahabuddin in this regard, following which he had moved the Patna high court. But the HC upheld the lower court's verdict and rejected Shahabuddin's petition.Shahabuddin is currently lodged in Siwan jail in connection with different cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15346812", "title": "Now, 'healthy' fat to help shed the flab", "text": "NEW YORK: Scientists have found a way to give white 'bad' fat some of the healthful characteristics of energy-burning brown 'good' fat to treat obesity and diabetes.Researchers at the Columbia University Medical Center (CUMC) have identified a mechanism that can give energy-storing white fat some of the beneficial characteristics of energy-burning brown fat.The findings, based on studies of mice and of human fat tissue, could lead to obesity and type 2 diabetes treatment.\"Turning white fat into brown fat is an appealing therapeutic approach to staunching the obesity epidemic, but it has been difficult to do so in a safe and effective way,\" study leader and professor of Medicine and the Russell Berrie Foundation professor at CUMC Domenico Accili said in a press release.White fat can be \"browned\" with a class of drugs called thiazolidazines (TZDs), which increase the body's sensitivity to insulin.Humans have two types of fat tissue: white fat, which stores excess energy in the form of triglycerides, and brown fat, which is highly efficient at dissipating stored energy as heat.Infants have a relative abundance of brown fat, as protection against exposure to cold temperatures. In adults, however, almost all excess energy is stored as white fat. TZDs have many adverse effects - including liver toxicity, bone loss, and, ironically, weight gain - which have limited the use of these drugs.The researchers had previously shown in mice that when sirtuin activity increases, so does metabolic activity.In the present study, they found that sirtuins boost metabolism by promoting the browning of white fat.\"When we sought to identify how sirtuins promote browning, we observed many similarities between the effect of sirtuins and that of TZDs,\" lead author associate research scientist at CUMC said.Sirtuins work by severing the chemical bonds between acetyl groups and proteins, a process known as deacetylation. The study was published in the journal Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349992", "title": "Jism 2: Movie goers abused in Assam", "text": "Alleging that the film 'Jism 2' had objectionable scenes, protests were staged at local cinema halls where some movie-goers were also abused. Police said a section of the audience who had entered halls to watch the movie were chased and abused by the protesters which included several local organisations and student bodies. \"We have taken action to ensure that such incidents do not recur,\" police said. A spokesman of the protesters Mousam Sarma said the film was for adult viewing but it was 'surprising' that college students were allowed inside the cinema halls. Adult film actress Sunny Leone, Randeep Hooda and Arunoday Singh play the lead roles in the film. Pooja Bhatt is the director of this erotic thriller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15347192", "title": "Environment nod for Tawang project soon", "text": "ITANAGAR: Union minister of state for environment and forest Jayanti Natarajan has assured Arunachal Pradesh to expedite the process of issuing forest clearance for the Tawang Basin Hydroelectric Project to be executed by NHPC.The minister's assurance came when chief minister Nabam Tuki called on her in New Delhi on Wednesday last, requesting her to get the ministry to expedite the forest clearance of the project, official sources informed here today. Tuki reiterated the fact that the detailed project report (DPR) for the Tawang project could be sent for Cabinet clearance only after the forest clearance is given, sources informed.The chief minister also mentioned that NHPC is also planning to construct a tunnel from Sange to Jang, which is also getting delayed due to the pending clearance.Tuki explained that the tunnel is important from the strategic as well as tourism point of view as the travelling distance and time would be reduced by 60 km and two hours.The CM was accompanied by state tourism minister Pema Khandu, sources disclosed.Earlier in the day, Tuki called on Union minister of DoNER Pawan Singh Ghatowar to discuss, among other issues, the allocation for Arunachal Pradesh under the schemes administered by the ministry.He urged the minister to increase the state allocation with due concurrence from the Planning Commission. Ghatowar assured to take another look into the present allocation for the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15347089", "title": "High court reserves order on Godhra panel extensions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday reserved its order on the PIL challenging the setting up of the Nanavati Commission and its lengthy tenure to probe the 2002 riots.The proceedings on this issue lasted for nearly a year with various allegations levelled against the state government. Petitioner's counsel K G Pandit had earlier objected to the extensions granted to the probe panel even after a decade of its constitution.The PIL raised objection to the Godhra commission's work and also levelled allegations that there was a nexus between the chairman of the commission and the state government. It cited a TOI report saying both the sons of retired justice G T Nanavati were hired by the state government after constitution of the probe panel.Advocate Pandit also cited a Supreme Court order in connection with Justice Parekh Commission that was set up by the Uttar Pradesh government. In this order, the lawyer contended, the SC had laid down a guideline for the state governments for setting up of such inquiry commissions. The SC had deprecated the practice of long tenure of such probe panels on the ground that public money is spent on this exercise.The state government had answered to the allegation on several occasions in the past. On extensions granted to the commission, it was submitted that the probe panel had sought information from the Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT), which it did not receive and the issue was pending before the apex court. To this, the high court even asked that why should an inquiry commission seek information from another investigating agency, when the commission itself was set up for the same purpose.Lately, the state government told the HC that it could not represent the commission and make any undertaking on behalf of the commission as to when it will come up with final report. The government made it clear that the commission was independent.Till date, the commission has got 18 extensions with the present term lasting till December 31. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349971", "title": "Jism 2 is a good looking film with an arresting inner life", "text": "9 Years after Jism gave us a new kind of heroine in Bipasha Basu who emerged with erotic insouciance out of the water and headed straight for the hip region, Jism 2 gives us a strangely inhibited porn-star heroine.For those expecting a sex romp with the queen of adult content, Jism 2 is a bit of a damper. There are three well-oiled bodies, two male and one female ,caught in the throes of an anguished do-or-die passion that can only burn itself out.But sex is really not the solution for these wounded characters.Director Pooja Bhatt aims to take his characters beyond their bodies. These are seriously flawed people not afraid to scream out their outrage when life deals them a particularly unfair blow.But then, there we have it. Who said life was only about fair deals and perfect bodies? The outer world of Pooja's people is a Sri Lankan paradise lit up with toasted beaches and enticing holiday resorts where time stops still. But secreted in this idyllic setting are deep wounds of anger resentment and protest, all accumulated from years of unexpressed hurt.Izna announces at the outset she is a porn star , not unlike the actress who plays her. She wears the perfect clothes , travels business class and sleeps only with the poshest men. She is now on to her riskiest client, a high-end terrorist Kabir, played with an enigmatic wackiness by Randeep Hooda,whom the Indian government, represented strangely by only two officers Arunodoy Singh and his senior Arif Zakaria,wants dead or alive.As luck would have it, Izna was once in love with Kabir. Now she must pretend to be in love with him again. Perhaps because Ms Leone is new to dramatic acting we never quite understand how Izna feels about rekindling old passions with the man who once loved her and then left her. Is she still in love with him while pretending to be seducing him? Does she take up the dangerous job in the subconscious hope of teaming up with him for life? And when Kabir finally tells her a deep damning secret about the people she's working for she reacts so foolishly that we can only say working with the body numbs the mind.Just how much the confusion and inner chaos projected by Izna is actually Sunny Leone's is hard to tell. But like Sonam Kapoor in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Saawariya we often feel the character's confusions to be suspiciously close to the actress' own inability to grasp the complexities of her character.On the plus side Ms Leone often looks surprisingly vulnerable and wounded on camera. She has a terrific pair of legs which she generally keeps crossed. The bust is expressive too, yes. But she manages to keep us interested in more than her physical assets.Arunoday Singh as the man who leads Leone into the lion's den(so to speak) plays a role akin to Abhishek Bachchan's in Dhoom 2 .But a lot more angst-ridden. He's a man who falls in love with the honeytrap. Singh is not fully able to express the character's emotional turmoil. He is far more in control doing action scenes.Finally the film belongs to Randeep Hooda. As an assassin on the brink who recites Ghalib in a voice that poets would envy, plays the cello and allows the woman he loves to lead him to destruction, Hooda brings to his part a lacerated hurt and a resonant retributive glory. This is the actor's second triumph in a Mahesh Bhatt script in a row after Jannat 2 . He plays the two self-destructive characters on different scales, but equally effectively.If only Hooda had taken off all those religious rings in his finger. They don't go with his character.The passion-play is underpinned by a whole lot of evocative background songs and on-screen poetic utterances that remind us of the close relationship between violence and art. What segregates the outcast from the messiah is the way the talent of selfexpression is channelized. Hooda's Kabir is genius gone the wrong way.More dreamy than steamy Jism 2 takes us far beyond the body experience into three tortured souls looking for sensual salvation.Pooja Bhatt delivers a good looking film with an arresting inner life.This may not be the right evening out for those who found last week's 'Super Kool' film entertaining. But those who feel life in the movies is not always about the good times, Jism 2 makes its point forcibly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346208", "title": "HMDA rethinking Hussainsagar clean-up with an eye on Convention on Biodiversit 11", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) is worried over the operations to remove waste material (dredging of sediments) at Hussainsagar lake in the wake of the Conference of Parties to the Convention on Biodiversity (COP 11), which is scheduled to begin in the city on October 1, 2012. Reason: The dredging will give rise to a foul smell emanating from the sediments which may not be the best welcome the city can offer to the guests from 193 countries who turn up to participate in the global meet.As part of the Hussainsagar Catchment Improvement Project (HCIP), which is being taken up at a cost of Rs 370 crore with financial assistance from the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), dredging of sediments has to be done at the inlets points of the four major nalas.The HMDA has recently finalized tenders for removal of sediments at a cost of Rs 40 crore. The contractor has to take up dredging at the inlet points of Picket nala, Balkapur and Banjara Nala at the lake where an estimated 6.5 lakh tonnes of sediments are deposited. Dredging of sediments at the Kukatpally nala inlet is yet to be finalized. Here, another 6 lakh tonnes of sediment has accumulated.Official sources said that the dredging should begin in September and be completed in 12 months. But, now, they are worried over the timing as the removal of sediments would raise a stench which may spread over a nearly one kilometre radius. The issue of the likely stench came up for discussion at a review meeting on COP 11 arrangements and the HCIP project held recently by the principal secretary of Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department.Interestingly, the urban development authority is taking up beautification works on the banks of the Hussainsagar and on Necklace Road for which the state government has released Rs 15 crore. \"If the dredging works are postponed to the third week of October, there will be a delay in the project which is being closely monitored by JICA,\" a senior HMDA official.Officials were exploring means to overcome this problem. One suggestion in this regard is for first taking up dredging at Picket nala, which is located near Sanjeevaiah Park. Other options include using chemicals to prevent foul odours or methods to dry the sediments immediately after removal, a source said.But officials admit that the stench from sediments is quick to spread and even people have to suffer during transportation of sediments to dump site at Jawaharnagar village near KapraSince the AP Pollution Control Board (APPCB) has raised doubts about disposal of hazardous waste (sediments), HMDA has decided to seek the help of the Environmental Protection Training and Research Institute (EPTRI) for safe disposal of the sludge from the lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347749", "title": "B2 bypass gets HC green light for heavy vehicles", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court has okayed the decision of the state government to open B2 bypass, which diverts heavy traffic coming from Agra and Tonk towards Ajmer through New Sanganer road, after the DCP traffic submitted a report before the court on Friday.Adivision bench of the Supreme Court in February this year had dismissed the plea raised by residents of Mansarovar locality to place a ban on the vehicular movement on B2 bypass. The bypass had been in the limelight due to successive accident-related deaths in recent past. Many times residents had blocked the road after mishap.The Supreme Court had rejected prayer of Mansarovar residents to place a ban on the vehicular traffic from the bypass and had asked the traffic control board to undertake an exercise to judge the utility of the newly created bypass for heavy vehicular traffic compared with the rate of accidents and submit a report before the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15346565", "title": "Cattle transport from Karnataka to Goa raises cloud of suspicion", "text": "CANACONA: Environmentalists in Canacona taluka have raised apprehensions over transportation of cattle for grazing on comunidade lands of Canacona, Quepem, Sanguem and Betul by farmers from Majali, Sadashivgad and its neighbouring villages of North Karnataka.Punoji Gaonkar, a traditional farmer from Asali, said this has been happening over the past several years, especially in the middle of the monsoon. Ramakant Naik Gaonkar, son of a traditional farmer and chairperson of Canacona municipal council, said that cattle are transported under the pretext of grazing from Karnataka to different parts of South Goa, including Betul, Quepem and Canaguinim, but they are never taken back. He suspected that these cattle are being slaughtered and asked authorities concerned to make thorough inquiries in this regard. He further said that only a few animals were taken back to Karnataka once the monsoon season is over. According to some environmentalists, since there are vast tracts of land for grazing at Karwar and at North Karnataka itself, and there was no need to shift animals for a distance of about 80- 100km away from Karnataka. Bhanudas Naik Gaonkar and Manoj Naik Gaonkar,both environmentalists and local school teachers, said that a large number of cattle being raised on a piece of land often causes overgrazing leading to destruction of the ecological balance.Over the last 10 days, around 3,000 cattle from Karnataka were transported via vehicles and on foot to Goa. Environmentalist, Subhash Mahale, suspects that over 70 per cent of the cattle are sent to a slaughter house through an agent. Though transportation of cattle by un-standardized vehicles falls within the purview of the 'Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act', authorities in Goa allow the transportation of a number of cattle in cramped six-wheelers. The cattle sent to Goa also includes aged and sick animals. A special check post was already set up at the Goa border in Polem to check cattle for disease, the Canacona veterinary officer told TOI. He said that most cattle, shifted from other states to Goa, carry the foot-and-mouth disease, while she-buffaloes are highly susceptible to the same. Freddy Rebello, a journalist with a Karnataka daily, said that police have been acting on complaints that a large number of cattle have gone missing from the cowsheds at various places in Karwar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345820", "title": "Discord in Team Anna's camp over decision to join politics", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna's decision to enter politics, although widely welcomed, has not found favour with many supporters. The discord was apparent and a number of people said the decision to form a political party went against the very principles of the movement.In a late night meeting at Jantar Mantar on Thursday, India Against Corruption (IAC) volunteers put forward their doubts regarding the decision to enter politics to the core team members. However, the volunteers said, their doubts were disregarded. According to IAC sources, more than 100 volunteers returned their badges on Friday.\"We have been working without stop for almost a year for the movement. But this decision to suddenly enter politics while terminating a fast which was meant to continue unto death is not something I can accept,\" said Manish Shukla, a volunteer.A group of unhappy volunteers gathered in front of the stage in the morning with placards protesting the decision, but they were soon silenced. \"Our placards were broken and snatched away from us. They are not letting us express a view which is different from their own. The revolution is over. Now, there is no difference between Team Anna and any other political party,\" said Assem Trivedi, a cartoonist, who has been displaying his cartoons at Jantar Mantar. Trivedi also alleged that when he expressed his disagreement, he was roughed up and his cartoons were thrown away by IAC members.The overall mood, however, was jubilant and most Anna supporters who were at Jantar Mantar on Friday said the decision to enter politics was a bold one. \"You can't clean a dirty drain without getting your own feet dirty. This had to happen sooner or later. Now, there is a party that I can vote for,\" said Jairam Sharma, who works with a pharmaceutical company.Supporters said that, by entering politics, Team Anna had given them an alternative \u2014 one which had the potential to change the current political system. \"This party will be different from others. It will end the role of dynasty politics while also increasing participation of youth in politics, which is not happening,\" said Amit Aggarwal, who works in an IT company.Most Anna supporters weren't particularly concerned about the decision to enter politics. Instead, their doubts were regarding Team Anna's ability to survive in Indian politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345294", "title": "Nilgai poached, 50kg meat seized", "text": "NAGPUR: The mobile squad attached to the Nagpur forest division on Friday morning seized 50kg meat of nilgai (bluebull) from a poacher in Ooty village under North Umred range, 25km from here.Divisional forest officer (vigilance) PD Masram who was on a patrolling visit to trace out illegal Kathiyawadi grazers, noticed four persons carrying heavy bags.During search, Masram and the forest staff found that the villagers were carrying meat in the bags. They arrested Fulchand Neware, 52, while other three accused ran away leaving the bags behind. They were perhaps taking the meat to the village to sell it.Bluebull is a protected species under Schedule III of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972 and its hunting is prohibited. During interrogation, Masram found that the animal was killed with the help of wire traps in the farm of Vinayak Atram.Neware and others had dragged the animal to 200 metres and disposed it off on the spot. \"We seized over 30kg meat from the spot and 20kg in the bag,\" Masram said.Accused Neware is in forest custody and will be produced before judicial magistrate first class (JMFC), Kuhi, on Saturday. Hunt for the farm owner and other accused, suspected to be residents of Ooty, has been launched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon/chandigarh", "code": "15346075", "title": "HC stays work on 24-acre land near Gawal Pahari", "text": "GURGAON/CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday stayed construction activities at over 20 plots allotted to real-estate firms and private individuals in Sectors 58-63 and Sectors 65-67 of Gurgaon.The land worth crores of rupees was allotted by Haryana's department of consolidation and holdings allegedly in gross violation of the law. As per the consolidation act, the panchayat land could not have been sold to private parties.The allotted plots were consolidated by the department around 40-45 years back. While issuing the directions, a division bench headed by Chief Justice (acting) Jasbir Singh also ordered the state government to depute senior officers to ensure that no construction activity takes place on these plots.The total land measuring around 24 acres, near Gawal Pahari, was allotted to various Gurgaon-based realtors under consolidation act. The land was allotted in favour of some private realtors by department of consolidation and holdings from 2008 to 2009.The orders to stay the construction activities were made by the HC while hearing a petition filed by Khusi Ram and residents of the affected villages. The petition was filed in 2010.The petitioners in this case had sought directions to quash the orders passed by the then director, department of consolidation and holdings, Haryana transferring the panchayat land to realtors.Meanwhile, senior IAS officer and present director of department of consolidation and holdings Ashok Khemka has also written a letter to the additional chief secretary Haryana cum financial commissioner (Revenue) alleging that his predecessors had allotted the said land in favour of builders without any jurisdiction and in violation of the relevant statute.In his letter, written on July 25, Khemka had alleged that his predecessors IAS officers SC Goel and Anil Kumar appears to have passed several orders under consolidation act in gross abuse of position by them.While holding that \"involvement of high ups can not be ruled out,\" Khemka in his letter has requested the additional chief secretary to probe such transfers of land by an independent agency like CBI. Giving reason of writing the letter on issue, Khemka had expressed that \"He was not able to reconcile himself to such gross abuse of authority\".Khemka had also appeared before the HC on Friday to place on record his letter sent to state government but did not produce it as the court had stayed construction over such land. Now the case has been fixed for further hearing on August 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344824", "title": "25% quota must for unaided minority schools", "text": "MUMBAI: In an amendment to the Right to Education (RTE) Act, unaided minority institutions who are affiliated to any education board will now have to follow the 25% reservation clause under the Act. Another amendment will now ensure that differently abled children will be considered under the disadvantaged group and will get a preference in the reservation quota during school admissions.\"According to the new amendment, only those minority institutions like madrassas and Vedic pathshalas, who primarily impart religious instructions ,will now be exempted from the purview of the Act. Everybody will now have follow all the clauses of the Act, including the 25% reservation clause,\" said Sanjay Deshmukh, director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. While the state education department is yet to receive the amended circular,Deshmukh told TOI that he has received a letter from the government notifying the amendments to the RTE and that a formal circular will follow. \"Once we get the formal circular, we will send copies to all schools,\" Deshmkuh said.This move goes beyond the Supreme Court judgment of April 12, which had exempted unaided-minority institutes from following the 25% reservation clause. According to the new amendments, only those schools issuing certificates from mosques, churches or other religious institutes will be exempted from this Act while others will fall in the purview. \"The addition of handicapped children in the disadvantaged group, which till now only covered SC and ST, will give more meaning to the clause,\" said Deshmukh.The third amendment to the Act was made to the responsibility of School Management Committees (SMC) in minority institutes. \"The SMCs will not have final authority in the schools but will play the role of an advisory only,\" added Deshmukh. Earlier, SCM was given the responsibility of monitoring the working of the school and the utilisation of grants received from the government.While schools as yet to receive the circular on the following amendments, educationists are happy with the changes. \"The Act now stands true to its definition. This move of bringing unaided minority institutes under the purview of RTE will ensure that every child has the right to free and compulsory education,\" said Arundhati Chavan, president of PTA United Forum.These amendments are in force from August 1, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "morigaon", "code": "15347130", "title": "Four poachers arrested", "text": "MORIGAON: Four poachers, active in Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, were arrested by a joint team of the police and forest personnel in Morigaon district on Friday, police said. A joint team of police and forest personnel launched an operation at Jhargaon village and arrested the poachers. A 2.2 mm pistol and several rounds of ammunition have been recovered from the poachers.Mizoram to launch copter service in remote areasAs Independence Day gift, people of Mizoram will get helicopter services from Aug 14, officials said on Thursday. Wing Commander (retd) Lalzawma, officer-on-special duty (OSD) for civil aviation wing under the Mizoram government, told reporters, \"The helicopter service would be introduced in remote and bordering areas to oversee development work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15347325", "title": "'Want fixed wages for gramrojgar sevaks'", "text": "NASHIK: Leading the morcha of gramrojgar sevaks under Mahatma Gandhi Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGREGS), the All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) has demanded fixed wages for sevaks.States like Goa have started paying a fixed package to gramrojgar sevaks on monthly basis but the Maharashtra government has no provision for the same. \"We have demanded the state to look into the issue and pay a fixed wage to the sevaks,\" Raju Desle, leading the morcha, said.He also raised the issues of non-payment of honorarium, unavailability of office and furniture for the sevaks at the grampanchayat office with the resident deputy collector Jitendra Kakusthe and deputy collector (Employment guarantee scheme) DA Kardak.\"It is since the past year-and-a-half that gramrojgar sevaks appointed at gram panchayat level have not been paid the honorarium - equivalent to 2.25% of the employment generated. Besides the sevaks have not been appointed at all the grampanchayat levels, and those who have undergone training have not been given any reimbursements,\" Desle claimed.Desle also said that the new job cards were not prepared by authorities during last four months and that the employees were also not given employment to the tune of Rs 22 crores despite the works already been carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345088", "title": "Residents chill out as temperature drops by 5C in 1 day", "text": "CHENNAI: The clouds over Chennai on Friday came with a silver lining, causing the maximum temperature in the city to drop by more than 5o Celsius from Thursday's high.The maximum temperature on Friday dropped to 32o Celsius from Thursday's sweltering 37.3o Celsius, two degrees above normal, the Met office said.The clouds also brought intermittent rainfall to the city on Thursday and Friday, with the Met office recording a total of 0.7mm, including 0.4mm recorded in Nungambakkam on Friday.\"Thursday was very hot, and it drizzled in spurts. It drizzled for long stretches on Friday and the day was pleasant, especially towards the evening,\" said G Vishwas, a resident of T Nagar.Met officials said a low pressure formation near West Bengal coast caused the cloudy conditions. \"But its influence in Chennai and Tamil Nadu is weak. Telangana and coastal Andhra Pradesh are likely to receive more rain due to the weather conditions,\" director of regional meteorological centre S R Ramanan said. \"The pattern is unlikely to continue in the city.\"Chennai receives 100mm of rain over 7 rainy days in July, when the mean maximum temperature is 35o Celsius.The state recorded a shortfall of 30% from the southwest Monsoon till August 1. The state should have received 115.8mm of rain between June and August, but only 81.2mm was recorded in the period. The country as a whole faces a deficiency of 19% from the Southwest Monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345363", "title": "A children\u2019s library for the blind", "text": "CHENNAI: Their excitement was palpable as they were handed a copy of 'The Hungry Caterpillar.' A Shaktivel of Class 6 eagerly ran his nimble fingers over the protruding Braille script on the leaves of the pages, mouthing the words, while his friend G Pradeep kept feeling the rough texture of a cloth caterpillar stitched across the page. S Shyam Kumar kept inserting his fingers wherever he could to get a feel of the pages.The three St Louis School for Blind and Deaf in Adyar students, along with a few others from their school and from the Little Flower Convent Higher Secondary School for the Blind, were among 10 students gathered at Hippocampus Children's Centre in Adyar on Friday for the inauguration of a special section for the visually challenged. Possibly the first of its kind, the section provides easy accessibility for visually challenged children to story books in Braille, audio books and tactile toys.\"We do have story books at school, but I haven't really read any that have pictures that can be felt,\" said Shaktivel as he ran his fingers over an embellishment of a tortoise. \"My favourites, however, are always those involving a mouse or a fox. Mice are so mischievous and foxes are cunning. Super-aa Irukkom (it will be super).\"A joint initiative of the Karadi Cultural Alliance Trust (KCAT) and Sir Ratan Tata Trust fund, the Creative Resource Centre (CRC) contains more than 100 Braille titles. The books are by popular children's book houses such as Karadi Tales, Scholastic, Tulika, Mango Books, Ekalavya Publishers and Tara. \"We were looking for a space that would be easily accessible to both differently abled as well as regular children,\" said Shoba Vishwanath, a founder-trustee of KCAT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345382", "title": "Wrestler\u2019s kin decline BMC\u2019s flat proposal", "text": "MUMBAI: Wrestler Narsingh Yadav's family turned down the civic body's offer of an alternative accommodation and instead want a safety wall constructed since their Jogeshwari house is in an area prone to landslides.\"The authorities should build a safety wall behind our house,\" Narsingh's brother, Vinod, said. On Friday, standing committee chief Rahul Shewale visited Narsingh's home in Jogeshwari. Narsingh Yadav , a 2010 Commonwealth Games gold medallist and India's strong medal hope at the London Olympics, has been living at the Sports Authority of India hostel in Kandivli since many years; Vinod's family stays in Jogeshwari. Their dream of owning a 1,000-sq ft apartment would have been realized, had the Adarsh housing scam not come to light.\"One day before the then CM Ashok Chavan was to sanction my allotment, the scam surfaced. CM Prithviraj Chavan is also willing to consider our case,\" Vinod said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15347538", "title": "Ajsu Party's labour convention begins today", "text": "RANCHI: The two-day convention of the Akhil Jharkhand Shramik Sangh (AJSS), the trade union wing of the Ajsu Party, will be inaugurated here on Saturday by state labour minister Chandra Prakash Chaudhary.There are more than 1,100 registered trade unions in the country, but of them only five are recognized by most of the companies, said AJSS working president Roshan Lal Chaudhary. \"Most of the time the interest of workers is ignored not only in unorganized but also in organized sector. Our organization, which has representatives in most of the companies, wants to concentrate on the welfare of workers of Jharkhand and fight for their rights,\" he added.He said workers from both private and public sector companies would take part in the convention. \"We will request our members to raise voice within their organization to highlight the demand for union election on regular basis so that leaders always stand with them for protection of their rights,\" Chaudhury said.AJSS leaders said they would also create pressure on the Union and state government to make trade union election in public and private sector companies compulsory.Deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato and other leaders of the Ajsu Party will also participate in the convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347118", "title": "Housing schemes by JDA hit a roadblock", "text": "JAIPUR: JDA hit a roadblockJaipurites dreaming of owning a house in the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) proposed schemes may have to wait longer with several projects hitting a roadblock.Land acquisition is plaguing as many as six colonies proposed by the authority. Lack of planning is another reason for the delay in starting the projects.A senior JDA official said, \"Land acquisition has become a major cause for delay. As JDA doesn't have enough land, it has no option but to acquire it from private owners.\" For instance, in Ninder housing scheme, the JDA has failed to acquire land, said sources. Proposed to be developed on 1,100 bigha land on Sikar Road, the Ninder project is the biggest after Prithviraj Nagar. The authority has to acquire 900 bighas from private owners for the project.An official said after issuing Section 4(1) of Land Acquisition Act-1894, around 400 objections have been raised against land acquisition for the scheme. Several private owners have protested and denied giving up their land for the project.Admitting lack of planning, a senior official said the JDA made a mistake by launching a big colony on a private land. Residents are unwilling to give their land for developing the colony.A source said after protests in Noida, the Rajasthan government is playing safe when it comes to land acquisition.Lack of planning has also delayed the Amrit Kunj housing colony scheme. Following strong protest from villagers and NGOs over cutting of 5,000 trees for the project, the JDA has decided to redraw the plan. Nearly 1480 plots have been proposed under the colony on the Kalwar Road in zone 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "anurag kashyap has worked alongside the veteran actor in two films", "code": "15349536", "title": "Naseer in Anurag Kashyap's next", "text": "Anurag Kashyap has worked alongside the veteran actor in two films: \"That Girl in Yellow Boots\" and \"Michael\", albeit as a producer only.But now, Kashyap will get to direct Naseeruddin Shah in his next, \" Bombay Velvet\" , starring Ranbir Kapoor and Anushka Sharma. Kashyap said, \"Naseer Sir has always stood by me . When he arrives on the set, the whole atmosphere changes. He lends pure energy to the set, which is great.\" Kashyap confirmed that Naseer will play a significant part in his film. However, he was tightlipped about the actor's role. It is learnt \" Bombay Velvet\" will go on the floors in April next year. Kay Kay Menon, who was also part of Kashyap's film, will play a pivotal role in \"BV", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346608", "title": "Nitish Kumar welcomes Anna Hazare's political move", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has welcomed social activist Anna Hazare's move to provide a political alternative to the country by launching a political party.Talking to newsmen on Friday, Kumar said forming a political party is a political activity which is allowed in a democracy and by our Constitution.He said the government was geared up to meet the challenge of drought or flood. A watch is being kept on the situation and a meeting is held every week to take stock of the drought situation. The development commissioner also holds a meeting in this regard every alternate day.The CM said the government's objective is to reach water up to the last point of every irrigation canal. The district officials and the water resources department are taking measures to remove obstructions in supply of water for irrigation.The CM said farmers were given Rs 20 per litre as diesel subsidy up to Rs 200 for irrigating one acre of land. His agriculture adviser, Mangala Rai, has prepared a contingency plan to meet the drought-like situation, Kumar said.Former chief minister Jagannath Mishra also welcomed the move of Anna Hazare .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15350285", "title": "'Youth For Nation' to hold rally against graft, cyber crime", "text": "MANGALORE: Youth in the state vows to fight against corruption and cyber crime. The Karnataka branch of the Youth For Nation (YFN) will hold a state-level rally to create awareness among youth and to protest against the menaces.YFN will hold 'Prathignya Yathre' to fight against the menace of corruption and cyber crimes in the state from August 4 to 9. The rally will start from Freedom Park in Bangalore on August 4 and reach Mangalore on August 7. Later, the rally will proceed through Puttur, Madikeri, Mysore and conclude at Mandya on August 9.YFN Mangalore chief secretary Ashwath Hegde told TOI that thousands of people in the state, who are suffering from rampant corruption, are expected to attend the rally. \"Youth are ready to take all the possible steps to eliminate modern Ravana. Our nation is suffering from two major illnesses - corruption and cyber crimes. YFN invites young people to join the crusade with hearty involvement and also requests to fight the battle against the menace,\" he said.Memorandum seeking solutions to the issues will be handed sent to chief minister Jagadish Shettar, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and President Pranab Mukherjee , Hegde said adding: \"this rally is just the beginning of a long nation-wide battle against corruption as well as cyber crimes and all nationalistic people are invited to perform their 'Rashtra Dharma' by participating in the fight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15346756", "title": "Samosas are yummy \u2019n\u2019 easy on the tummy", "text": "MYSORE: Muslims, and people of other communities alike, are drawn towards the humble samosa by the sheer taste of it.It is the month of Ramzan and the scrumptious snack is on the hot list of most Muslims who choose to break their dawn-to-dusk fast with some dates, a glass of water and the delicious samosa.During this holy month, the heritage city sells nearly five lakh samosas everyday. There are three to four shops in every nook and corner of the Muslim localities. Priced between Rs 5 to Rs 10, there are vegetarian, chicken and mutton samosas available.Businessmen in Mandi and Meena bazaar put up temporary stalls to cash in on the seasonal delight as the selling of these humble samosas is a business that runs into crores.But samosas have no significance to the religion. \"It has become a tradition from years to relish samosa after breaking the fast, maybe because it is easily affordable for the common man,\" explains Zafulla Sharif, a businessman from Bannimantap.\"I sell about 5,000 samosas a day and that too in just two to three hours,\" says Sadiq Sait, a samosa vendor in Mandi Mohalla. His cooks start preparing the samosas after 3pm and they are sold within a couple of hours. \"Vegetable samosas are the hot favourites. Not only Muslims, but others queue up for it too,\" he says.Apart from samosa other fried items like onion pakodas are served too. It is said that samosas probably travelled to India along the ancient trade routes from Central Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346694", "title": "Investment advisory council formed in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The state government has notified the constitution of Bihar State Industrial Investment Advisory Council which had been announced a few days back by chief minister Nitish Kumar at an open house of entrepreneurs.The council has many prominent names from industry, commerce, banking sector and economists. Headed by the CM, the council has HDFC chairman Deepak Parekh, ICICI Bank chairman K V Kamath, SBI chairman Pratip Chaudhuri, Godrej &amp; Boyce chairman Jamshyd Godrej, besides others.Industry department principal secretary Alok Kumar Sinha said many important personalities of trade and industry have been included in the council. It would work as a think-tank for the state government and give suggestions for boosting investment.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi would be its vice-chairman and the members from the government side would be industry minister, development commissioner, principal secretary, industry, CM's secretary and CEO of Bihar Foundation. The chief secretary would be its member- secretary.The other members from the industry are: Vedanta group executive chairman Anil Agrawal, ITC chairman Y C Deveshwar, CEO and MD of Hindustan Unilever Nitin Pranjpaye, Tata Son's director (finance) Ismat Husain, Tata Consultancy Services CEO N Chandrasekaran, Axis Bank MD Shikha Sharma and Max India chairman Analjit Singh.Others nominated to the council are chairperson of Indian Council for Research and International Economic Relations Isher Judge Ahluwalia, who is wife of the deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia, senior faculty of National Institute of Public Finance and Policy Sudipto Mandal, Boston Consultancy Group (Asia Pacific) chairman Dr J Sinha and Sebi chairman U K Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15346460", "title": "Two cyber parks in Kozhikode offer a study in contrast", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The two cyber parks coming up next to each other on the Thondayad NH bypass has turned out to be a classic case study on the relative project implementation efficiencies of government and non-government sectors.The work on the government sponsored Cyber Park Kozhikode, meant to be the cornerstone of the IT dreams of North Kerala, continues to be plagued by missed deadlines even two years after the foundation stone for the project was laid. The work on the pre-engineered common facility centre started one year back and which was scheduled to be completed in three months' time is still not over.Just a stone's throw away, the project site of the UL CyberPark, promoted by the Uralungal Labour Contract Co-operative Society Ltd (ULCC), is buzzing with activity. The work of the 10-storey software development building launched on January 20, 2012 has already completed three floors. The society is poised to complete the entire civil works two months ahead of the deadline by October 2012. The QuickSpace incubator facility for startup IT companies is already in operation and has three IT companies as tenants.\"We have completed around 45% of the works in six months' time and we hope to hand over the space to clients by March 2013,\" said UL CyberPark CEO P Gopinath. He added that the marketing activity was in full swing and the park was in talks with several IT majors.In sharp contrast, the government Cyber Park, which started construction in May 2010 has missed all its deadlines announced so far. Chief minister Oommen Chandy had said in January that the construction of the 2.6 lakh square feet first building of the government Cyber Park would start in April. The common facility centre for start-up firms was promised to be ready by June.But the tendering for the eight-storey main building is yet to be completed and the common facility centre is not yet ready. The firms who had expressed interest in setting up operations in the park are clueless on when the building would be ready. The government had earmarked Rs 32 crore for the development of the Cyber Park in this year's budget.The government Cyber Park is being set up on 43 acres of land. The 10,000 sq feet common facility centre is being built using pre-engineered structures in order to reduce the time taken for construction.The UL CyberPark is being built on a 26-acre site with an estimated outlay of Rs 600 crore. It is expected to have a total built-up area of 3 million square feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15348894", "title": "London 2012 Pole Vault is the latest Google's doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: The London 2012 pole vault is the Google's new fascinating doodle to show its support to the sporting extravaganza. It is the ninth doodle since the opening of the London Olympics 2012.The doodle features a female pole vaulter in action, trying to take a leap over the bar using a long and flexible pole. Moreover, in the London 2012 pole vault doodle, the logo of Google is seen behind the stadium in which the ceiling of the stadium is painted in varied colours of green, yellow, red and yellow.Pole vault jumping competition is held as a part of the Olympics Games since 1896 for men, but it was only in the year 2000 women were allowed to participate in the competition.This sport came a long way since its inception. Earlier pole vault competitions were held using solid ash poles but with the advancement of technology, it has been replaced with fiberglass bar with rubber ends.In this sport, athletes are given the freedom to choose different heights to jump over and if/she succeeds a height, the height of the bar is raised, thus making it more competitive for the next set of jumps.The landing area of this sport is important and to minimize the risk of injury for pole vault, it is designed into high-tech mats with foam.The opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics doodle depicted 5 athletes playing different sports. The first Olympics doodle featured sports like football, basketball, swimming, fencing, running, and javelin throw.The London Olympics 2012, officially the Games of the XXX Olympiadis, kicked off on 27 July, 2012 and will conclude on August 12, 2012.About 10,000 athletes from 204 countries are participating in the games.London Olympics 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346882", "title": "NR Narayana Murthy positive on West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Allaying fears that IT bellwether Infosys Technologies Ltd may wind up its maiden project from Bengal, its chairman emeritus NR Narayana Murthy on Friday said he is positive about the Kolkata centre.\"I am certainly positive. There is no doubt about it. There are solutions to all the major problems of the world. Therefore, there is solution to everything that we think is unsolvable,\" he said on the sidelines of an event, Anant Merit Scholarship 2012. He said this while speaking to reporters on the sidelines of an event, Anant Merit Scholarship 2012.The Infosys project in the state hit a hurdle when the state government denied the special economic zone (SEZ) status to it, as the latter for the project as the state government is \"in principle\" against SEZ policy. On June 13 this year, Infosys officials had paid a visit to the city during which the government had shown them state government on June 13 this year when the state government showed them the letter it has sent to the Centre on Software Technologies Park of India (STPI) proposal. The state is trying to route Infosys to the state via the STPI route.Apart from the STPI route, earlier the state IT minister Partha Chatterjee had also discussed the options of making Infosys a co-developer in any of the existing SEZs in the state or to provide them with alternative space in any of the existing SEZs.In an e-mail in April, Binod Hampapur, senior vice president and global head, commercial and corporate relations of Infosys, had told TOI: \"We have put the Kolkata project on hold for the time being. We shall review and proceed at an appropriate time.\" Hampapur met Chatterjee on February 29 and after the meeting he clearly said the project in the state is not possible without the SEZ status.Infosys has taken a 50-acre plot in the Rajarhat area and has also paid in full the amount in October last year. , in the northeastern fringes of the city for Rs 1.5 crore per acre for the project. It has made full payment for the land in October 2011.NRN, however, was quite optimistic about the project. Besides, he laid emphasis on the need of education for the youth of the nation. further emphasized the need of education for the youngsters of the nation and said providing education is enabling life.\"We need more of these initiatives (philanthropic) in India as the government can do only so much. And that's where I think, we the citizens who have received so much from the government need to add our own value,\" he said.Talking about the problem of unemployment plaguing problem in the country, he said more entrepreneurial ventures should entrepreneurship should be encouraged in order to beat the evils of unemployment. \"We need to ensure that it is easy to conduct business in the country. This is how we should encourage lot of foreign direct investment (FDI) in the country, to make India a place where we can produce goods for the entire world like China has done. That is the only way we can solve the problem of poverty,\" said NRN. \"This is the time to request government to be much more proactive in helping entrepreneurship, FDI and domestic investment so that they can create millions of jobs,\" he added.Infosys has taken a 50-acre plot in the Rajarhat area to set up its office in the city. It has also made the payment in full in October last year. Once complete, the project can generate employment for 20,000 people this company's city project could have initially generated employment for 20,000 people, which would double in due course of time, Narayana Murthy earlier said.Anant scholarshipAnant Merit Scholarship 2012 was given to 5,275 underprivileged meritorious students on Friday. The annual scholarship amount of Rs 6,000 per student will be disbursed at Rs 500 per month directly to bank accounts opened by Anant. Anant Education Initiative has a target to support 100,000 students by 2020.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15349528", "title": "Nahur bridge in pathetic condition, locals demand widening and repair of road", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nahur bridge, where a major accident took place last Monday between a BEST bus and a school bus carrying children, is in a pathetic condition.Traffic policemen say that unless the bridge is widened and repaired, traffic snarls will continue.\"There are traffic snarls throughout the day and we have put up boards asking vehicles to slow down (to 40 kmph) near the bridge. This is being done for the safety of motorists and bikers,'' said a traffic cop.In fact, several two-wheelers have skidded due to the poor road condition and cars/trucks have often brushed with each other due to the bumpy ride on this small stretch. Locals have demanded that the bridge and its vicinity should be repaired, the potholes filled up and the bridge should be widened by the railway authorities. \"If they can widen the bridge at KanjurMarg and make it four-lane, why cant they do the same for Mulund?It will definitely ease the traffic flow, prevent lane-cutting by drivers and skidding,'' said a local social worker.In Monday's accident, the BEST bus which was following an autorickshaw tried to overtake it on the narrow bridge and collided head-on with a school bus coming from the other direction. The driver of the BEST bus was found guilty by the police for rash and negligent driving and arrested in the case.\"However, there are many occasions when cars try to overtake each other on the narrow bridge and have a narrow escape from colliding head on with another vehicle. We are now booking offenders for lane-cutting (after Monday's accident),'' a police constable said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15347592", "title": "Woman robbed of cash", "text": "RANCHI: A middle-aged woman who was carrying Rs 60,000 in her bag was robbed of at a busy market place in Namkum here on Friday.Sanichariya Tirkey, 48, had withdrawn the money from SBI Namkum and was waiting for an autorickshaw to go to Parandu on the outskirts of Ranchi.Rajdeo Singh, the officer in charge of Namkum police station, said the woman was carrying the money in a bag that was snatched by two motorcycle-borne youths at Namkum Chowk. An FIR was lodged in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15345813", "title": "Corporators up in arms against Berhampur MP", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Cutting across party lines, several corporators of Berhampur Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Friday engaged in a heated exchange with BJD MP from Berhampur Siddhant Mohapatra, holding him responsible for lack of development of the town.\"The MP is not interested in the town's development. He has never attended any council meeting to discuss issues related to this, even though he has been an MP for the last four years,\" the corporators alleged at a meeting, which Siddhant attended.The actor-turned-politician, however, defended himself saying he was not invited to attend any meeting prior to the one held on Friday. \"I can not attend a meeting if I am informed at the eleventh hour,\" Mohapatra said.Berhampur mayor Siba Shabkar Dash, who is also from the BJD, however, denied the allegation that Mohapatra was informed about meetings at the eleventh hour. He said before holding any meeting, BMC informs all concerned members, MLAs and MP at least a week in advance.Dash, along with other corporators, asked the MP what steps he had taken for the development of the town after being elected as an MP. Mohapatra said he had spent Rs 1.80 crore from his MPLAD funds for the development of the town. The corporators found this unsatisfactory and asked the MP why he could not arrange any Centre-sponsored special programme for the area.The corporators, in an earlier meeting, sharply criticized the MP for not attending council meetings to discuss the development of the town.Mohapatra said, \"I had called an official meeting to known the central government projects which are being implemented in the town and the projects pending with the government. I also invited the Berhampur MLA and the mayor to the meeting. But it turned out to be any other council meeting attended by almost all councilors. Since they attended the meeting, it is natural for them to express their grievances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345172", "title": "Engineering student held for abduction", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have arrested an engineering college student and four of his friends in connection with the abduction of the owner of a computer parts outlet in Madipakkam.Police said Mohammed, 22, a final year engineering student, had bought a laptop from Vidhyashankar, 21, the owner of a computer parts shop, on instalments but failed to repay the money. When Vidhyashankar asked Mohammed to pay up the money or return the laptop, the engineering student and four of his friends kidnapped the shop owner and his cousin.Mohammed and his friends Tamizharan, Murugan, Dhanasekar and Shakti Das abducted Vidhyashankar and his cousin Ashok Kumar and took them to Guduvanchery, where Mohammed has a flat. \"The gang beat up the duo and slashed them with knives,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15345755", "title": "NMAM Institute of Technology plans centre to make youths employable", "text": "MANGALORE: Acknowledging that several educated youths fail to get jobs as they lack soft and vocational skills, the NMAM Institute of Technology (NMAMIT) of Nitte Education Trust in association with the state government is planning to open an exclusive centre to train them. The centre will give free add-on and certificate courses for engineering, ITI, diploma and other graduates.NMAMIT, which has been offering vocational training for the past four years for about 40 students, will now be able to provide the same for over 1,000 students when the proposed vocational training centre becomes a reality.The centre will offer courses in advanced computer applications, animation and seven other areas.The motto of setting up such a centre is making the educated youths employable in both private and public sectors and helping the private companies do away with in-house training for the newly joined employees in soft skills and other technical skills.NMAMIT principal Niranjan N Chiplunkar said that the new centre would come up on five acres of land at a cost of about Rs 4 crore.\"The centre is coming up under the state government sponsored scheme Suvarna Kayaka Koushalyabhivridhi Yojane. According to the scheme the government will give Rs 800 per candidate as the fee. The courses will commence in October,\" he added.The duration of the courses will be between six months and one year. Vice-principal I R Mithanthaya said that the college would provide free accommodation to the students. \"This is the first such vocational training centre in the undivided Dakshina Kannada district,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15347778", "title": "22 DPS students escape narrowly in bus collision", "text": "BANGALORE: Twenty-two students of the Delhi Public School, South, had a narrow escape when their bus toppled over after it was hit by a rashly driven BMTC bus at NR Square, near Hudson Circle, on Friday.Passersby pulled the children out to safety. Eight students were treated as outpatients for minor bruises at Hinduja Sindhi Hospital, Sampangiramnagar.The 30-seater Swaraj Mazda of the Konanakunte branch of the school was coming from KR Market through OTC Road. It had picked up children from Binnypet and nearby areas and reached the NR Square traffic signal around 7.30am.\"An autorickshaw just ahead of the school bus crossed the signal. But a BMTC bus coming from Hudson Circle towards Town Hall rushed in and hit the school bus on its left side,\" Rohit Ravi, a passerby, told TOI.R Rajappa, driver of BMTC (which was doing a Kumaraswamy Layout-City Market run), said he misjudged the space between the rickshaw and the school bus, and tried to cut through. School bus driver M Ravi said, \"It wasn't my fault. The BMTC bus was overspeeding. My bus has a speed governor, and I cannot overspeed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347342", "title": "\u2018It could be a drought year\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With two months of monsoon already over, without pouring enough, Chandigarh meteorological centre is now open about announcing it to be a drought year. This month too brings no hope of rainfall and with days passing by dry, the rainfall deficit has already shot up to 155.8mm with only 280.8mm of total rainfall. In 2011 and 2010 it had rained 483.2mm and 611.4mm respectively, by August 3. The normal rainfall for the monsoon season in Chandigarh is 839mm and July and August are months when it rains the most. \"The monsoon season starts from June 1 onwards and goes on till September. Seeing the rainfall pattern, the seasonal rainfall for the entire season would be deficient, thus increasing chances of it to be a drought year,\" said Chandigarh met director Surender Paul. \"The year is declared drought year if it rains less than 75% of the normal in the season,\" he explained. Even the latest monsoon forecast update by the Indian Meteorological Centre reads, \"Rainfall in the country as a whole for the second half (August to September) of the 2012 southwest monsoon season is likely to be below normal. Based on the rainfall distribution over the country till August 2 and outlook for the second half of the season, rainfall of entire southwest monsoon season (June to September) is likely to be deficient.\" For coming five days the met department has announced possibility of rainfall. However, they have agreed that the intensity of this rainfall would be low. \"There would be rainfall in coming days, but subdued. It is not going to rain enough to cover the deficiency,\" Paul said. Because of dry and humid days the maximum temperature of the city has once again shot up to 34.3 degrees C and is expected to stick around for another two to three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "15346936", "title": "Two held with stolen jewellery in Davanagere", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Davanagere district crime branch police, led by inspector Anjuman Baanu, arrested two persons while they were suspiciously moving around under a bridge near Shamanur bypass on the outskirts of the city on Thursday evening.The accused are Sapura Bee, wife of Mohamad Ali, and Imam Saab, son of Hussain Saab, of Katenahalli in Davanagere taluk. A bag containing 204gram gold and some silver ornaments together worth Rs 5,80,400 has been recovered from them. Upon interrogation, the duo confessed that they had stolen the ornaments from different places. In a release, SP Labhu Ram said a case has been registered at Vidyanagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15350562", "title": "CBI probe sought in allotment of sea area for afforestation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Did the state government allotted sea portion to the forest department in lieu of the land granted for industrial development in the Adani Port Special Economic Zone (APSEZ) in Kutch?A PIL has come to be filed accusing the same and demanding a probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation for the alleged scandal involving officials of the revenue and forest departments. The high court on Friday granted two weeks' time to the state government to explain the issue and kept further hearing on August 16.The PIL filed by Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee's office bearer Adam Chaki through advocate I H Syed contended that the state government was required to give compensatory land of 57.75 hectare in Kutch to the forest department, since equal chunk of land was given to the Adani group in Mundra block in southern Kutch for the purpose of industrial development. But the land given to the forest department for afforestation in the year 2000 in Lakhpat block was actually a sea area, as it falls 500 metre north of Lakhpat.The PIL further alleged that in 2007, the state government allotted 2000 hectare land to the forest department in similar fashion. And when an expert committee visited the spot upon the HC orders for inspection, the government officials fraudulently showed them another chunk of land. The committee also did not make any remark about it, though the location of the land and measurement were at variance from the data shown on paper.The petitioner alleged that the state government was given NOC by Border Security Force for plantation of mangroves, but the state government misunderstood the NOC and vested the plots in the name of the forest department as if the land was transferred by the security force to the government.It was contended by advocate Syed that the government officials colluded with the company to pass off wrong piece of land as the one allotted to the forest department for the greening the area. He demanded a probe by the central agency claiming that since the state government is allegedly involved in the deal; local police could not do justice to the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346802", "title": "Rogues threaten to rape girl in college", "text": "KOLKATA: Students of Ram Mohan College - the morning session of North City College - went on protest mode on Friday morning after some outsiders allegedly threatened to rape a student on the campus.Around 8.30am, three to four outsiders sneaked into the girls' college and were loitering around the corridors when a second-year student accosted them. The men refused to leave and quarreled with the student, who is a member of the TMCP-led union. When she refused to be cowed down, they allegedly threatened to rape her.She informed her batchmates who went to the teacher-in-charge Saswati Dasgupta, but the outsiders had fled by then. Dasgupta chased them and caught two of them on the street. \"But the teacher returned and asked the girl to prove that she was threatened,\" alleged TMCP state secretary Sujit Shyam. \"The girls were already panicky.After consulting other TMCP members, the girls started a sit-in demonstration outside Dasgupta's room. They requested her to lodge a complaint with police which she refused. Finally, the Ram Mohan College students' union wrote a letter which she forwarded to the Amherst Street police station by the teacher-in-charge,\" Shyam added.Dasgupta, however, says she took \"adequate action\". \"No official was present when the incident took place. Initially, the girls did not inform me. When I learnt of the incident, I rushed out and saw two strangers loitering. I asked the girls to write a complaint, which I forwarded to the police. It is not true that I did not take any action. There was no gherao, either,\" she said.DC (North) Gaurav Sharma said they are investigating the complaint.\"Securitymen are posted at the main gate of the college. But the rear exit remains open and has no guards. The teacher-in-charge was repeatedly asked to close the gates which she did not do. If anything untoward happens in the college, the teacher-in-charge will be responsible,\" Shyam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15346860", "title": "Team Anna's decision to enter politics evokes mixed response", "text": "INDORE: Anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare's decision to enter politics in a bid to change the system, has evoked mixed response from Indoreans. Some term the move as a knee-jerk reaction on the part of Team Anna, while the others welcome it.Dr B K Passi, a retired professor and a Gandhain told TOI, \"Annaji had no other option than to join politics,\" while Dr Amarjeet Naik an IIT-Indore professor felt, \"It's a good news because even if they manage to win 20-30 seats in the Lok Sabha at least they will be able to create a pressure on the government to get approved the Jan Lokpal Bill.Social activist and president of Abhyas Mandal, an NGO, Shivajee Mohite said, \"I am not very positive about Team Anna entering politics as the end would eventually be nothing more than the dirty politics.\" He further said, \"In politics we have some six to seven national parties but they compromise on ideologies once they come to power.\"Dr. Anand Rai, a health activist said, \"Team Anna's entry in the politics will be a litmus test for its members and they now need to connect themselves with the masses as the ground-level. He added, \"Just on the basis of facebook votes they can't claim themselves to have public support because the facebook users are mostly youngsters most of whom who do not have voting cards. Youth support does not mean that they have the support of entire nation.\" He complained that, \"On the basis of only one issue of corruption they cannot change the system they need to address the problem of each and every section of society and then only they can connect to the people.\"Dr. Ram Ghulam Rajdhan, the head of the Psychiatric department in MGM medical college said, \"Team Anna has acted impatiently. They should have stayed away from politics and set an example for social activists because once they get into politics they too will acts like our politicians.\"Pooja Mishra who works at an MNC said, \"I am very hopeful about team Anna joining politics. I expect a positive change through it.\" She enthusiastically added, \"At least we will have a fair and corruption free political party to vote for.\"Pallavi Khosa, a PhD scholar said, \"We are very pleased to know that a fair person like Annaji will be entering politics even though indirectly. Every one of us knows that how simple and selfless he is.\" She excitedly says, \"It could be a landmark in Indian politics. May be after this the face of Indian politics will change forever.\"Tripti Gupta, a student of MA Economic says, \"I don't think that all of a sudden things would change because our system is so complex that I fear that on the name of changing the system they might be forced to change their colour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15346561", "title": "BJP starts 'saffron sweet' incentive in tribal areas", "text": "BHOPAL: In a 'sweet' way to garner mass support and increase its vote bank, the ruling BJP in Madhya Pradesh has been offering sweets among people, specially tribals, in party colours - saffron and green.State BJP president Prabhat Jha had promised people in tribal areas, where the party got a thumping mandate for the first time in local bodies elections, that he will return after the polls for sharing the joy of victory by distributing 'laddoos' and sweets.Smacking an opportunity in the initiative, the party has been offering 'laddoos' and sweets in saffron and green colours for the last 2-3 days.\"I don't think there is a harm in distributing sweets among people to share the joy of victory,\" said Jha.\"So far, Jha has distributed 300-400 kg of sweets in party colours in Malwa-Nimar region of the state, which has been highly appreciated by the people,\" a senior party leader associated with the exercise said.The state party president has now embarked on his 'thanks giving' exercise to Umaria-Shahdol area with a huge bag of \"party coloured\" sweets for the people.\"Such things will definitely help the party in expanding its base, popularity and acceptance among the people,\" the party leader said.Jha also tied \"raksha sutras\" (hand-bands) to the tribal people on the occasion of Raksha bandhan on Thursday and asked them to \"teach a lesson\" to Congress for \"disrespecting senior tribal MLA Gyan Singh\" in the state assembly recently.The incident had led to the termination of membership of two Congress MLAs, Choudhary Rakesh Singh Chaturvedi and Kalpana Parulekar, which was subsequently restored in a special session of the Assembly.Out of 49 local bodies in tribal areas where polls were held last month, the ruling BJP candidates won the post of chairman and mayor at 36 places and their allies two seats.However, terming the entire exercise as nothing but an attempt to lure poor tribals, senior Congress MLA Arif Aqueel said, \"Let them do whatever they want, but their defeat is certain in 2013 Assembly polls.\"Congress state media department chairman Manak Agrawal said it is an attempt to appease voters towards the party but such practices are \"not healthy\" for politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15344671", "title": "State government to set up 20 vet hospitals in rural areas", "text": "CHENNAI: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Friday made a slew of announcements such as opening 20 new veterinary hospitals in rural areas, supplying higher quantum of subsidized kerosene to fishermen and setting up of two poultry clusters in two zones.An official release said the proposed veterinary hospitals would be set up in rural areas at an estimated cost of 6 crore. In order to provide succor to the fishermen community, the government has increased the quantity of subsidized kerosene supplied to them from 200 to 250 litres.The government pays a subsidy of 25 per litre for country boats with external engine and this scheme will benefit fishermen from Tuticorin, Tirunelveli and Kanyakumari districts, the release said. Incurring an additional expenditure of 37.25 lakh for this purpose, Jayalalithaa has approved a sum of 47.60 crore towards it this year, the release said.Further, with a view to boost poultry production, the chief minister has directed creating two clusters in Villupuram and Sankarankoil zones covering seven districts. While Villupuram, Cuddalore, Ariyalur and Perambalur districts would come under Villupuram zone, Tirunelveli, Tuticorin, Virudhunagar will come under Sankarankoil zone.The state government will provide a financial assistance of 20.31 crore for farmers in these districts to set up farms with a capacity of 1,000-5,000 broiler chicken, the release said. About 230 poultry farms were planned to be set up in each of these districts.In addition, the chief minister further announced 2.40 crore for setting up poultry units in 16 districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15346948", "title": "Hope for Lokayukta soon", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government on Friday informed the Karnataka High Court the process to choose a new Lokayukta has been initiated.\"The process has started. If consensus can be arrived at, it'll be finalised. One week's time may be granted,\" advocate general S Vijay Shankar informed the division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen. The bench adjourned the hearing to August 13.HS Neelakantappa, a resident of Chickmagalur district, filed a PIL complaining that the government is deliberately delaying the appointment. The post has been vacant since last September when Justice Shivaraj V Patil resigned.BMS trust caseThe high court on Friday quashed the private complaint as well as proceedings against former advocate general BV Acharya before the special Lokayukta court the BMS Trust case.Allowing a petition by Acharya, Justice V Jagannathan imposed a cost of Rs 50,000 on N Venkateshaiah, the complainant before the special court for causing harm to the reputation of the petitioner by filing a baseless complaint. He has to pay this amount to Acharya.The judge held that Acharya is not a public servant and the special court erred in directing police to investigate the matter under Section 156(3) of Criminal Procedure Code without there being any sanction from the competent authority as required under the Prevention of Corruption Act .Acharya, also the chairman of BMS Trust, challenged the April 21 order directing Lokayukta police to investigate the complaint and file a report by May 23. Acharya claimed he is neither a public servant nor there was prior sanction under Prevention of Corruption Act (a requirement under the Act if a person is a public servant ) and the special judge passed the order without any application of mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349074", "title": "Satish Kaushik rediscoveres fatherhood after 16 years", "text": "Sixteen years after he tragically lost his son Shanu, 56-year-old actor-filmmaker Satish Kaushik is a father again. The baby girl named Vanshika was born on July 15 through surrogacy.To TOI, a jubilant Satish said, \"By God's grace, my wife Shashi and I have been blessed with a daughter. It is the end of a long and painful wait for a child. It is a matter of unimaginable joy especially for my wife who had her heart set on another child ever since we lost our only son Shanu when he was just two-years-old.\"For Satish, he has rediscovered fatherhood after 16 years. \"Ever since Vanshika came last month, my wife and I have become like firsttime parents - enjoying every movement of our baby, feeding her, changing her diapers.\"And for this miracle, Satish wants to thank Dr Hrishikesh Pai. \"He's not just one of the best IVF (In Vitro Fertilisation) doctors in the world, but also a close friend. I thank him for urging me and my wife to take the IVF route to parenthood. We were unfortunate in having lost our only child. Our world had come crashing down. But thanks to the world of medical miracles, we've become parents again at an age when parenthood is considered impossible,\" said Satish.Enjoying fatherhood, Satish has put all work on hold. \"At the moment Shashi and I can't think of anything beyond our baby. Our close friends and family were aware of us going through surrogate parenthood. Now that Vanshika has arrived, we are happy to tell everyone about her,\" said the happy daddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15346823", "title": "Govt claims it was walled out of Palace Grounds", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government has cited the Bangalore Palace compound wall as a hindrance to keep a watch on the activities inside.The government decided to acquire Palace Grounds and develop a botanical museum, horticultural garden and tree park. It enacted the Bangalore Palace (Acquisition and Transfer) Act, 1996.Prior to the acquisition, there were 85 buildings (school, royal cottages, guard rooms, employees' quarters, stud farm, cattlesheds, post office and canteen, hotel, cricket grounds, etc.) on the premises. But structures continued to come up, though unauthorizedly, even after 1996: toilets, a stud farm, cricket training field, an ayurveda college and hospital, a hollow bricks building, hospital employees' houses, a laboratory, canteen, a go-carting rink, mango market and watchmen's sheds.A meeting will soon be held to decide the course of action to raze unauthorized structures and stop all commercial activities. Several official meetings have been deliberated on the violations of the SC guidelines, but to no avail. The police expressed concern about frequent traffic jams and inconvenience caused by commercial programmes on the grounds.SURVEY IN 2004 FOUND ILLEGAL BUILDINGSIn 2004, Bangalore district deputy commissioner GS Narayanaswamy conducted a survey and found unauthorized structures had come up subsequent to the SC order. In a report to the government on July 26, 2004, he stated: \"The survey revealed that the family members of the Maharaja had portioned the lands by barricading the area using zinc sheets. Some family members have allowed private individuals to put up semi-permanent and permanent structures.''But his reasons for not monitoring the activities are interesting. He said: \"The Palace area is fully covered by a compound and it has become difficult for the administration to keep a regular watch over the activities taking place with the support of the family members of the Maharaja of Mysore.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15347152", "title": "What is not accessibility", "text": "I was witness to this classic equivalent of a 'self-goal ' in the cause of disability sensitization. As part of their ongoing efforts to bring world-class neurologists to come and lecture to us right here in Chennai on various issues, our local (and quite distinguished) neurologists had organized a conclave and a lecture by an American expert, on the topic of Multiple Sclerosis. The hotel seemed to have put the odd ramp in place in what seemed an eleventh hour afterthought. The ramp at the entrance was probably of more than the maximum slope safely navigable by my motorized wheel-chair . The ramp on the second floor could only be scaled because somebody manually steered the chair from the back.By the time we entered the room where the conclave was in progress, the hall was filled as far as eye could see with chairs draped in white-cloth ; the problem was how to move even five feet away from the entrance door. Somebody spotted my plight and moved some chairs so I could progress a few feet till the next bottleneck and the next good samaritan to help me get past that one, and so on, until we eventually found our way to one of the tables up front, where I saw three other wheel-chairs and felt less of a freak.When we finally settled down, the secretary of the Multiple Sclerosis Society of India was finishing her report. The next speaker was a young man on crutches who had to painfully hobble his way up the dais - one of my more hated constructs of modern society - to the microphone, where he made many good points. He raised the issue/slogan of 'nothing for us, without us' ; i.e., if you wish to do something for the betterment of the lives of PWD (people with disabilities), do so only after ensuring that there are such PWD in the organizing committee for such intended reforms. (When buildings, such as the hotel this event had been held in, attempt to render themselves accessible by putting in the odd ramp, can they please talk to some experts in the area of accessibility-related matters, and get meaningful advice on such things as acceptable norms for slopes of such ramps? - author's remark) Before buildings, in general, (hotels, etc) become accessible, can at least our hospitals and labs which run all manners of health-related tests, make efforts to have devices to facilitate PWD, for example, to get on to beds and high places they need to climb onto in order to have X-rays or MRI scans done? Will all hospitals have at least a few people conversant with standard sign languages to play interpreter between the doctor/technician and hearing/verbally impaired patients?When an event is being organized to specifically address a certain disease/disability, does common sense not suggest that many victims of the supposedly target audience will obviously have a common disability (resulting in being on a wheel-chair in this case), and should care not be taken to ensure that the event is organized in a barrier-free environment? (Will we ever see one of these?); and to treat these 'victims' as 'chief guests' and ensure that they have a clear path to a position from which they can get the benefit of the views of the experts on their disease, brought at great cost to the exchequer, regarding their future lives, however long that may be. And if you ask a PWD to come and speak, is it not your responsibility to ensure that (s)he is not inconvenienced in any way in the process of making that speech?V S Sunder is a professor of mathematics who incidentally works out of a wheel-chair at the Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai. (You can read more about this column in his blog http:// differentstrokesvss.blogspot.in/.) He wishes to use this space to sensitize people periodically (roughly two Saturdays a month) to the concerns of the differently-abled members of our society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15346233", "title": "Calangute police brief hoteliers on security", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police on Thursday held a meeting of leading hoteliers from the coastal belt to sensitize them on the security situation following the bomb blasts in Pune on Wednesday.The meeting which was attended by 26 hoteliers from Calangute and surrounding areas, was addressed by Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo and sub-divisional police officer P L Mapari.Raposo said that the hoteliers were requested to be more alert and provide information about suspicious persons in their hotels or restaurants. He said that hoteliers have been instructed to gather ID proof and to verify the same, as also to collect mobile numbers and verify their authenticity by dialing them.The police also stressed the need to install closed-circuit television cameras on their premises for identification purposes. SP (North) Vijay Singh also visited Calangute and checked some hotels to verify if proper records of guests were maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350950", "title": "New academic session begins at ADU", "text": "The new academic session of 2012-13 at Ambedkar University, Delhi (AUD) starts tomorrow. AUD will open its new session with an orientation programme organised for all BA honours students on July 31 from 10 am onwards on its Kashmere Gate campus. The university has already issued a notification on its website (www.aud.ac.in) informing students to attend the programme.The university has also put up the timetables for its UG programmes on its website. The AUD mandate requires a minimum of 70% overall attendance in each semester. Shortage of attendance in a particular semester could result in the student being withheld from taking the end-semester assessment.Welcoming freshers, Geetha Vekataraman, dean, UG studies, AUD says, I wish every student the best as they begin a new journey and urge them to make the most of it through their participation in the university programmes. AUD is a new university and there are a lot of idealistic things that we have imagined for its growth. However, all these wont be possible without our students support and therefore I would expect all new comers to work as a team with their faculty, seniors and friends in achieving higher standards.First day On the first day, while students get acquainted to the college, faculty members and senior students, they will also have the option to join the various societies based on their interest to be part of the intellectual and extracurricular life on campus.There is a theatre society, eco-club, sports committee, debating society and literary society. The economics society and society for visual culture have also been activated. There are regular talks, lectures, screenings and performances on campus and students are encouraged to participate and organise events, says Venkataraman.Anti-ragging AUD is against all forms of ragging. All students admitted to AUD have submitted an affidavit that they will not indulge in any form of ragging. A similar affidavit has also been submitted by their parents/guardians.Freshers are advised that they should desist from doing anything, willingly or against their will, even if ordered to do so by a senior or any other student that could be considered to constitute ragging. Also, any attempt at ragging should be promptly reported to the anti-ragging squad, to the dean or to the head of the institution, says Venkataraman.Academics As far as academics is concerned, AUD offers flexibility to students. In the initial semesters, students are offered courses that draw on the humanities, social sciences and mathematical sciences, encouraging a deeper appreciation of these areas. They are also offered courses that enhance foundational skills in logical, analytical and quantitative reasoning, language proficiency and communication. Subsequently, the emphasis is on the depth of study where students select intensive courses related to their major discipline/s, informs Venkataraman.Although the medium of instruction at AUD is English, the university encourages students from different linguistic backgrounds to apply for admission for UG programmes. There are specially designed courses in English, which are aimed to help students improve their language proficiency. The English language proficiency course runs parallel with the BA programme.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "15346896", "title": "Illegal sand mining erodes Kaigonahalli farmlands", "text": "MANDYA: Farmers in Kaigonahalli of K R Pete taluk are in a quandary as rampant illegal sand mining has been eroding farmlands abutting the village tank and canals.Worse, sand smugglers who are hand-in-glove with local politicians and officers had forcibly stored huge amount of extracted sand in the fields without the permission of farmers. \"Smugglers are continuously extracting sand in canals and the tank. They store the extracted sand on our land. When we objected, they threatened to kill us. Our complaints to the taluk administration also went unheeded,\" said Ravikumar, a villager who spearheaded the campaign against sand mafia.According to farmers, rampant illegal sand mining has damaged the canal's embankments as well as the tank bund. This is leading to massive soil erosion. Reckless usage of mining machinery has created deeper trenches in the canals. \"The damage caused by illegal sand extraction is immense. The soil lost its fertility after they started storing sand on our land. Trenches in the canal has affected the flow of water in the canal,\" alleged Nagaraju, a farmer.Another farmer alleged that smugglers have started extracting sand from their farmlands by digging tunnels.Farmers also alleged that local authorities including policemen are reluctant to take action against the mafia. However, pleading anonymity, an officer said a few among the farmers have given tacit support to sand mafia. \"Unless we are insulated from undue political interferences, we cannot stop sand mafia from mining in the district,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15346595", "title": "Several unreserved passengers were travelling in S11", "text": "NELLORE: The inquiry into the TN Express mishap by the commissioner, railway safety (CRM) Dinesh Kumar Singh on the second day on Friday revealed that there were many unreserved passengers travelling in the ill-fated S11 coach. Sources said that all the TTEs (train ticket examiners) who deposed before the CRS confirmed that there were several passengers either without confirmed tickets or without reservation in several coaches, including S11 which caught fire.Even as the commissioner, railway safety (CRS) Dinesh Kumar Singh conducted the enquiry for the second day here on Friday,The TTEs reportedly told the senior officials that most of such passengers boarded the train at Vijayawada, the last halt before the TN Express reaches Chennai. \"Even if a TTE found unreserved passengers in the reserved coach after the train left Vijayawada, he cannot evict them as there are no halts between Vijayawada and Chennai,\" said a senior commercial wing official not wanting to be named. The TTE might have allowed them to travel after taking bribe but it is difficult to prove such charges at this stage, he observed.While the railway authorities themselves admitted that there could have been around 82-84 passengers travelling in S11, the actual tally could be more as per the eye-witnesses' accounts. The actual strength of a reserved bogie is only 72.Normally, the wait-listed passengers are issued a general ticket and the extra fare difference (EFD) would be collected only after they get confirmation of a berth in a particular coach. However, rules were changed to make more money in the guise of facilitating the wait-listed passengers.Accordingly, all the wait-listed passengers were being issued sleeper coach tickets, which gives them a right to enter the reserved coach even without a berth confirmationof a berth. Stating that such follies were virtually making the railway bogies death traps, railway mazdoor union secretary P Swami Charan said that there would be no end to such accidents like Gautami Express and TN Express till the government took corrective measures. \"Squad TTEs are given a target of collecting Rs two lakh per month, which makes the staff allow anyone in any coach to meet the targets,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344975", "title": "Consumer no-show at meet on power tariff hike", "text": "MUMBAI: A recent public hearing to discuss the proposed hike in ceiling of fuel adjustment charge (FAC) from 10 % to 25 % saw no petition on behalf of consumers from Mumbai or state's other regions. This despite the fact that the monthly power bill will go up because of this hike. Only a few regulars from forums and a handful of representatives were present to fight the customers' cause.The consumers' no-show has left experts wondering if they have the right to agitate about rising power tariffs.Power regulatory authorities said only powerful petitioning (or legal proceedings) before it could help them deliver better and long-lasting judgments in the interest of consumers as well as suppliers. Towards this end, they are going to add two more forums and nine consumer representatives from the state to its present panel of petitioners.The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has invited applications from individuals and consumer forums for appointment as official representatives who will take part in the judicial process of the commission while advocating people's demands. The last date for application is August 14. \"The regulator is already in the process of roping in reputed organizations like Tata Institute Of Social Sciences as third party experts to scrutinize applications of aspiring representatives and recommend the most competent and knowledgeable persons to lead people before the commission,\" said a source.The commission wants to appoint one individual each from consumer forums in northern (Khandesh) and central (Marathwada) regions of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15346737", "title": "Elephants too can sing like humans", "text": "LONDON: Rumble in the jungle! Elephants \"sing\" like humans but at a frequency so low we can't hear them, scientists have claimed.Researchers have found that elephants use an ultrasound rumble, often too low for humans to hear, to keep the herd together and for males to find mates. It allows the animals to communicate over distances of up to six miles.The low-pitched elephant calls, occupying a frequency range below 20 Hertz, may seem to have little in common with human singing.But researchers have confirmed that both are produced in exactly the same way, the Daily Mail reported. Experts had wondered whether, like a cat's purr, elephant infrasound was generated by muscular 'twitching' movements of the vocal cords. This mechanism can produce 'arbitrarily low' frequencies, scientists said.Instead, it turns out the elephant sounds are made purely by air being blown through the larynx, or voice box, as in the case of a human singer. The German team carried out laboratory tests on a larynx removed from a dead elephant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15347811", "title": "Visitors' entry to Ranchi airport restricted from tomorrow", "text": "RANCHI: Visitors will not be allowed inside terminal building on Birsa Munda Airport here from Sunday. The visitors' ticket counter will remain closed till August 20. Family members of the fliers will have to collect the tickets from outside the terminal building.The director general of civil aviation has issued a circular to all airports not to allow visitors inside the terminal as a measure to beef up security in the run-up to Independence Day celebrations.In the wake of growing snatching incidents in the city and serial blasts in Pune, the district police have also beefed up patrolling in Ranchi. Almost all police stations in the city carried out specials checking drives on Thursday night.\"The patrolling has been intensified. It is a general crime-checking initiative,\" said city SP Vipul Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15346937", "title": "Court summons Kesco MD", "text": "KANPUR: The district judge issued show-cause notice to Kesco MD on Friday for not complying with the high court orders regarding uninterrupted power supply to the courts and asked him to appear in person to explain why action be not taken against him.Working in court gets affected due to frequent power-cuts. On Friday, all the courtrooms faced darkness since morning. The judicial officials performed essential works under candlelight and emergency light. Several judicial officials opened the doors of their chambers so that light could make its impact there.In the absence of power, all the lifts remained non-functional, giving a tough time to lawyers and litigants.In the Nagar court, there are 60 sub-ordinate courts and more than 6,000 litigants returned with dates braving rain.The district judge said that high court had already issued directives to the power department to ensure uninterrupted power supply in districts as well as to high court on all working days. But Kanpur court was facing acute power crisis since the last couple of days. It was gross violation of high court directives.He said that Kesco officials had told the court that a tree had fallen on the power cables. The DJ said that the genset is out of order and high court had been informed about it. The repairing firm had given an estimate of Rs 1.80 lakh and that too without any guarantee. Therefore, he had suggested to purchase a new one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347805", "title": "Cops suspect new terror module behind Pune blasts", "text": "PUNE: The investigating agencies suspect that a new terror module engineered Wednesday's blasts on Jangli Maharaj road here. The suspicion stems from the nature of the material used in the bombs and the modus operandi of the group, crime branch sources said.The investigators believe five to six persons carried out the blasts. They said they are yet to determine whether the new module is directly linked to or is a splinter outfit of the Indian Mujahideen (IM), which was involved in the German Bakery blast and several other terror attacks across the country.Officers from the Gujarat anti-terrorism squad (ATS), who are in Pune, are examining the sketches of the two men who purchased bicycles from a shop at Phadke Haud in the city around eight hours before the first bomb went off. Three bombs were strapped onto three bicycles, two of which were traced to the shop. The sketches were prepared based on the description given by the bicycle shop owner and his two employees.A special team of the Pune police is checking the registers of all lodges in the city and also questioning their owners to try and get any leads about the persons involved in the blasts.The crime branch as well as the ATS are examining the CCTV footage taken from shops on Jangli Maharaj road, Phadke Haud and Shaniwar Peth. The men who purchased the bicycles from Phadke Haud are suspected to have taken the Shaniwar Peth route.The investigating agencies are also looking at the possible involvement of Maoists, extremist right-wing Hindutva groups and other extremist Islamic outfits in the blasts. Maharashtra ATS chief Rakesh Maria , who is camping in Pune to supervise the investigations , has formed three teams, each headed by a deputy commissioner of police, to look into each angle.Home ministry sources said the involvement of Maoists was unlikely. However,the investigating agencies in Pune said they have taken cognizance of the Maoist angle as posters on Naxal propaganda had been found at a few places in the city over the last four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347467", "title": "\u2018They can\u2019t get away with this anymore\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: PGI on Friday finally came out with five names for the external panel to probe Anupama Sarkar's death. The members include Prof M C Mishra, head of the department of general surgery, AIIMS; Dr Rajiv Wadhera, medical superintendent, Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMH), Sector 16; Prof Y K Batra, department of anaesthesia, PGI and Dr Vipin Koushal, hospital administration, PGI. The panel will be chaired by Prof Gill, who is vice-chancellor of Baba Farid University of Health Sciences, Faridkot. The GMH medical superintendent is also an orthopaedic. \"In addition to sharing the same department there are some doctors who have been batchmates and have been associated with the PGI doctors. This report will not be more than suggestions and remedial measures,\" said a faculty member, denying to be named. There is no regulatory body to supervise or monitor the activities of the PGI. \"This makes the doctors complacent about whatever they do. They cannot get away with this anymore. We would want a few panelists from civil society,\" said Amit Sarkar, Anupama's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346619", "title": "MEd admission postponed till August 6 in Patna University", "text": "PATNA: Admission to MEd course in Patna University (PU) could not be held here on Friday due to disturbance created by a section of admission seekers. The admission has been postponed till August 6 by the PU vice-chancellor.A section of students have been agitating for quite some time in protest against the alleged irregularities in the mode of evaluation of answer sheets of MEd admission entrance test conducted by PU last month. More than 1,300 candidates had taken the test for admission on 120 seats.According to the agitating students, the answer sheets given to them at the time of test clearly indicated that there would be negative marking for wrong answers. But no negative mark was given to any candidate for wrong answers. Consequently, a number of candidates who did not attempt some questions for fear of negative marks could not qualify the entrance test. They are demanding holding of a fresh entrance test.Meanwhile, PU has constituted a three-member committee headed by PU science faculty dean UK Sinha to inquire into the charges of irregularities in evaluation of MEd entrance test. The committee has been asked to submit its report at the earliest. Other members of the inquiry committee are PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad and students' welfare dean Ezaj Ali Arshad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346439", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation plans to slap fine for garbage dump", "text": "PATNA: Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) officials are soon going to keep a tab on the Patnaites' habit to throw garbage randomly. They have decided to impose a fine of Rs 1,000 on anyone caught throwing garbage anywhere except for the garbage lifting pointsIn a bid to keep the city roads clean, the garbage lifting points are going to be changed. \"All the garbage bins would be shifted from the major intersections and roads of the city to get rid of the stinking situation,\" said PMC commissioner, Pankaj Kumar Pal. He added, \"PMC will appoint three officials who will be on the move to catch the persons throwing garbage outside the garbage bins.\"Under the plan, garbage-lifting points on Frazer Road, Dak Bungalow roundabout, near Patna Junction, Boring Road, Patliputra Colony, New Bypass and Old Bypass, Ashok Rajpath and a few other areas would be shifted to nearby lanes. A large number of cattle gather near the garbage points on important roads, leading to traffic chaos and slow vehicular movement.According to PMC data, Patna generates 1,000 tonnes of solid waste daily. The city has been virtually garbage-ridden ever since A2Z Infrastructure, a private firm, suspended its services due to non-payment of its dues by PMC in July last year.PMC officials admitted that encroachments, dumping of solid wastes and deposition of silt choked drainage channels causing waterlogging in the central and eastern areas of Patna during the rainy season. \"Many city drains were found choked with plastic bags. Despite repeated requests to the Patnaites, use of plastic bags could not be controlled,\" said Pal.According to a PMC official, the civic body lacks adequate infrastructure to provide proper sanitation service. \"In the past 10 years, Patna's residential area has grown three times while its population has grown four times. But the PMC's manpower has declined,\" he said.Sources said PMC has been providing sanitation service with only 1,300 regular sanitation workers, 59 tractors and around a dozen loaders. \"Thus, garbage collection is the main challenge,\" said Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345475", "title": "Who will bell the cellphone masts?", "text": "CHENNAI: If a telecom operator decides to set up a cellphone tower in your compound, all he requires is your consent. If you live in an apartment complex, he will require a no-objection certificate from the residents' welfare association. He requires no permission from the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority, the state pollution control board or Chennai Corporation.Two years ago, when a tower atop an apartment complex in Raja Annamalaipuram crashed, nobody knew who was to be held responsible. Residents continue to rent their premises to set up cellphone towers that remain unregulated structures. Besides TRAI, none of the service departments in the city know the exact number of towers in the city. The corporation, however, says it is going to study how to regulate them.A telecom operator woos residents and property owners into giving their space promising them an attractive monthly rent. \"A telecom company approached me wanting to put up a tower in my compound. It promised to pay Rs 18,000 as monthly rent, for five years,\" said P Narayanan, a resident of Virugambakkam. Many operators choose to ignore the hundreds of studies pointing to threats of radiation or the dangers the tower pose to the structural stability of the buildings.Engineers in the field say setting up a tower costs more than Rs 25 lakh, and so building it well is a logical priority for the companies. \"Before you set up a tower on a terrace, you are supposed to study factors like age of the building and its structural parameters. On the ground, you should ensure the soil in the area is not loose, and water table is not too high,\" said an engineer. \"Structural design of a cellphone tower is based on adequate research. However, there could be issues that come from identification of the site, and the way the tower is built,\" says Venkatesh Balasubramanian, associate professor of engineering design at IIT Madras. \"There could be issues such as the cement not being prepared as per required standards, or the erection not being done as planned,\" said an engineer.Prof Balasubramanian says radiation is a bigger threat than a tower falling. \"The health effect of radiation from towers is still being debated, but a sustained exposure in a residential zone may not be the best for people's health,\" he said. In 2009, the Chennai Corporation passed a resolution to tax property owners who were renting out their space for such towers, because it was a 'solid structure' and it was being used for a commercial purpose. A few months later, revenue officials began an enumeration of such towers in the city, and counted 1,775 of them, though the real number is around 4,000. The corporation could not collect this tax because a few residents approached the high court saying the civic body had no role in the agreement and thus could not tax them.All that may change next year. Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said the civic body was initiating a study to regulate towers based on the Delhi Municipal Corporation's model. \"We will be levying a tax and also study the structural stability.\" The Delhi corporation charges telecom operators a licensing fee of Rs 9 lakh to set up the tower, instead of charging the property owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345338", "title": "Viswanathan Anand and Arvind Swamy light up school reunion", "text": "CHENNAI: It was an evening of frozen moments for 50-odd former students of Don Bosco School who got together on the campus 25 years after they passed out of the school. Among the alumni were Viswanathan Anand and Arvind Swamy.It was a moment of pride for Father V V Abraham who was chatting animatedly with the actor and the chess prodigy. While Anand politely inquired him about his health, Swamy was happily chatting about the bygone days wearing a badge that read 'Arvind, Class XII D.' While group pictures were being clicked, two students escorted the fragile frame of retired Hindi teacher P V Peethambaram. The misty-eyed septuagenarian said what could be better than to see his students scaling such heights.After a long group photo session, Anand was seen mixing with family members of his friends and stood with the kids for photos while happily signing autographs. Swamy on the other hand held a long conversation with director Vijay Adhiraj who could barely hide his smile. \"I already feel 25 years younger,\" he told Arvind.Father Abraham recollected that Anand had a character that made him stand out in the crowd in school. Ram Bhat, a friend of Anand, shared anecdotes about the time when Anand had won the World Junior Chess Championship while still being in school.Between songs and laughter they joked about their bulging waistlines and receding hairlines. The defining moment came with the recital of school pledge by the alumni who proved that they had not forgotten the promises made to the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15345738", "title": "Odisha govt eases Plus III admission norms", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students who have already taken Plus III admission can change college subject to availability of seats, government sources said.The higher education department on Thursday notified that such students can apply for the change in college or/and stream through fresh common application forms (CAF) by August 8. These students will be considered for the vacant seats along with students who recently passed in the instant examination conducted by Council of Higher Secondary Education, applicants who could not apply online during the normal admission period due to various reasons and those who have not got seat during online admission or selected but could not take admission.Interested students can download the CAF from www.dheorissa.in, fill up the form manually and submit it along with relevant documents and requisite fees at the college where they want to take admission. The respective colleges will prepare merit lists by August 14 and conduct the admission process between August 21 and 23.Around 1.02 lakh students have taken admission from among 1.25 lakh who were issued intimation for a sanctioned strength of 1.42 lakh seats in around 670 degree colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345446", "title": "FIR against 3 traders for hindering pay and park scheme", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) traffic department has filed a police complaint at Sadar police station against three traders for allegedly preventing a private contractor from running pay and park scheme on Link Road.In its FIR, the traffic department stated that the civic body had entered into an agreement with Jadhav and Jadhav Company to run a pay and park facility on Link road (connecting Gaddigodam Chowk to Residency Road) on June 30.Subsequently, the pay and park facility, which was inaugurated by commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay, began functioning from July first week. In fact, it was Dhanvijay who had given the suggestion of starting a pay and park scheme on this road to the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal as it would ease traffic congestion on Residency Road.However, the initiative met with strong opposition from the traders along this stretch. A delegation of traders had also met deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav to lodge their protest.In early July, NMC started the pay and park scheme and also erected four pay-and-park signboards here. But a couple of days ago, some miscreants removed these boards and the mechanics returned to their places on the pavement.In their complaint, the traffic department have mentioned that three traders C N Harsulkar, Anil Katariya and Rajesh Jain forced the contractor to stop the pay and park facility. They demanded the cops to take action against the trio.The contractor also had lodged a complaint at the Sadar police station on July 27. Since the police has failed to take any action on the contractor's complaint, the traffic department lodged a complaint on August 1, said traffic engineer Nasir Khan. He, however, pointed out that till date no action has been taken against the trio.Presently, major portion on both sides and pavements along the road have been encroached upon by automobile repair shops. One can spot mechanics repairing vehicles along this road during any time of the day.Meanwhile, the commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay has assured to take action against the traders hindering the pay and park scheme. \"If the civic body asks we would deploy four cops to streamline the scheme,\" said Dhanvijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh/shimla", "code": "15345351", "title": "End of track for 1927 Kalka-Shimla Rail Motor Car", "text": "CHANDIGARH/SHIMLA: A 1927 popular Rail Motor Car that had been chugging through the verdant valley of Himachal Pradesh for 85 continuous years on the narrow gauge UNESCO World Heritage Kalka-Shimla rail track has come to a screeching halt, after its wheels wore off last week.Out of the four such rail cars which were made between 1927 and 1930 by the British, this was the last to run on the Shimla tracks that offer a panoramic visual feast to tourists flocking to the state round the year.\"These wheels had become very old due to wear and tear. We had first tried to introduce cast wheels but were not able to get any manufacturer in India,\" P K Sanghi, divisional railway manager (Ambala), told TOI over the phone.The Kalka-Shimla rail track \u2014 a triumph of engineering marvel \u2014 has always managed to recreate the old world charm associated with journeys on mountain railways.The car, along with three other trains \u2014 Shivalik Deluxe, Himalayan Queen , Kalka-Shimla passenger -- reached its destination in 4 hours and 25 minutes, passing through 864 bridges, 102 tunnels and around 900 sharp curves.The Gothic-style Barog railway station become a favourite jaunt of Bollywood stars, last drawing actors Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor during the shooting of Jab We Met.A group of 14-18 passengers could be accommodated in this vintage locomotive that resembled buses used during World War II.The train departed at 5.10am from the Kalka station and reached Shimla at 09.50am, while the return journey from Shimla began at 4.25pm, reaching Kalka at 9.35pm.According to the Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) which managed the car's charter bookings, the car remained a strong favourite with foreigners and Indians from metropolitan towns heading for vacations till it ran reguarly few months ago.\"Unfortunately, we had to stop the charter booking four months ago when Indian Railways told us about the problem. It remained most popular with group tours\" IRCTC public relation officer Kundu told TOI over the phone.The car was fitted with a transparent fiber-glass roof, offering a view of the skies.There were even facilities, including digital time-cum-temperature display unit, TV/VCP, music system and titleimeter.The Indian Railways have now begun a search to bring the rail car back on tracks.\"We have floated a tender for the replacement of wheels and other parts,\" said Sanghi.It brought Mahatama Gandhi in 1945 to ShimlaThe rail motor car of 1927 vintage had the unique distinction of bringing Mahatma Gandhi in 1945 to Shimla for talks with Viceroy Wavell about British plans for leaving India.Americans supplied dieselThe original rail car had White and Pope petrol engines fitted by Drewery Car Company Ltd from London . In the 1930s, they were replaced during the World War II , as petrol was scarce.The Americans later supplied the diesel engines for the car from General Motors .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350931", "title": "Why Clint Eastwood's supporting Romney", "text": "Clint Eastwood has revealed that he his backing Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney .The 'Dirty Harry' star was among those who attended a Romney fundraiser on Friday night in Sun Valley, Idaho.\"I think the country needs a boost,\" Fox News quoted him as saying.In February, he had said that he wasn't supporting any politician at that time.Some people saw the \"halftime in America\" ad he made for the Super Bowl as a nod toward President Barack Obama , but he responded then by saying that he was not \"politically affiliated\" with the president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15345515", "title": "Martyr's body brought home from Assam", "text": "PATIALA: Constable Sandeep Singh and six others suffered critical injuries in an explosion in Golpada, Assam , on July 31. Even though Sandeep died of his injuries at the Army hospital on August 1, his family in Mangewal village still inspires folks to join the Army.His younger brother Majit Singh said, \"Sandeep was to arrive for Raksha Bandhan but never made it. We have suffered an irreparable loss but we are proud of Sandeep. He sacrificed his life fighting terrorists in Assam. Our family would surely inspire his son Kulbeer to join the Army after his education.\"Sandeep was recruited in the Army in 2004 as a constable and got married in 2009 to Kulwinder Kaur. Their son is one and half years old. His uncle Gurcharn Singh said: \"He always wanted to be in the Army since his school days.\"Subedar Avtar Singh from 13 Sikh Regiment brought the body to the village. He said the Army shall provide all help to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350308", "title": "Shibani Dandekar and Punit Pathak: The Show stoppers!", "text": "If you are a dancer, the entire world is going to bow down to you!Such is the story for 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa' contestant Shibani Dandekar and her choreographer Punit Pathak who were recently seen walking the ramp at 'Lakme Fashion Week' for designer Payal Singhal .After having wowed the audiences over the weeks on the show with a multitude of innovative and interesting performances, Shibani and Punit have risen beyond dance as they cash in on their popularity.Dressed in traditional outfits, a confident Shibani along with her choreographer Punit strutted down the ramp and impressed the fashionistas' who were present at the show.In fact, Shibani and Punit have catapulted their fame to such a level, that the duo were actually the show stoppers at the fashion show as they sported the designer's most intricate outfit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15347052", "title": "Mayawati elevates Swami Prasad Maurya, tries to lure crucial most backward classes voters", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati on Friday appointed Swami Prasad Maurya as party's national general secretary in a bid to garner the support of the most backward classes (MBCs), a large section of which voted for the Samajwadi Party in the state assembly election held earlier this year. Without taking names, Mayawati also hit out at some former party leaders, who she alleged connived with rival parties from time to time to weaken the BSP. According to sources in the BSP, Mayawati was referring to are those \"selfish leaders\" whom she made MP and MLA in the past but today they are running a campaign against her.While many interpret that Maya was targeting Babu Singh Kushwaha , but party insiders said that her aim is to counter the campaign launched against her by a few former BSP leaders under the banner of \"National Campaign to Save Bahujan Movement\" with the slogan \"Mayawati Hatao-BSP Bachao\". These leaders were founding members of the BSP, but were either expelled or forced to leave the party over the years because of Mayawati's hegemony.Maurya is also the leader of the Opposition in the state assembly and was president of the BSP's UP unit till being replaced by Ram Achal Rajbhar, who is also a MBC leader. Promotion of Rajbhar and Maurya is being seen has Mayawati's attempt to woo MBCs in the run up to 2014 Lok Sabha elections.The MBCs like Kushwaha, Saini, Shakya and Maurya used to be BSP's vote bank. However, in the last assembly elections, a large section of these communities voted for the SP. Babu Singh Kushwaha, who was BSP's national general secretary and MBC face, was expelled before polls by Maya, when his name figured in NRHM scam.The Kushwahas, Sainis, Shakyas and Mauryas together constitute around 8% of the population, but are crucial in deciding elections in over 200 assembly seats, out of 403, in the state. Their support becomes even more crucial in view of the fact that the BSP lost assembly election to the SP only by a margin of 3-4% votes. The importance of these MBCs was also reflected in Maya's statement, read out by BSP leader Nasimuddin Siddiqui before media persons on Friday, in which she said that Maurya is being promoted because of his efforts to expand party's base among Kushwahas, Mauryas, Shakyas and Sainis.In the statement, Mayawati also said that he has always worked for all sections of the society, especially dalits, backwards sections, minorities and poor upper caste. She said that she has appointed SC Mishra, a Brahmin, and Nasimuddin Siddiqui, a Muslim, as national general secretaries of the party. But she regretted that some \"selfish people\" in her party have played into the hands of opposition parties to weaken the movement.The campaign entitled \"Bahujan Movement Bachao Rashtriya Andolan\"(National Campaign to Save Bahujan Movement) has been launched by some leaders who were founding members of the BSP. They are being led by former BSP MP Pramod Kureel. The campaign is holding meetings in different parts of the state and appealing to BSP workers to remove Mayawati, if they want to save BSP. They have also been saying that the BSP under Maya is not following the path shown by her mentor Kanshi Ram. They also blame Maya for ouster of missionary leaders, who founded the party along with Kanshi Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346847", "title": "Mob fury after woman's death", "text": "KOLKATA: The daughter of an influential Trinamool Congress councillor, who was beaten mercilessly by a group of land encroachers in the Port area, died from her injuries on Thursday night. Sahanara, who was pregnant, had rushed out to save her father-in-law from goons last Sunday, but they turned on her.As the news spread on Friday, supporters and family members of the Trinamool leader, Mainul Haque Chowdhury, ransacked Rajabagan police station, alleging that the officers refused to act against those accused in Sahanara's death. The victim's in-laws had named 14 people in their FIR but they all got bail on Monday, apparently because the additional officer-in-charge did not impose serious, non-bailable charges.Twenty-four-year-old Sahanara married Omar Ali Mondal of Akra Road a couple of years ago and they were expecting their first child.Omar's family has a property dispute with neighbour Meher Ali Mondal, who is also a distant relative. Sahanara's in-laws said that most male members were out on Sunday when Meher Ali started encroaching a part of their land with the help of outsiders. Sahanara and Omar's father Shahjahan tried to resist the encroachers, but they allegedly hit Shahjahan on the head with a shovel. When Sahanara tried to protect him, the goons dragged her out and beat her up. \"They rained kicks and blows on Sahanara,\" said a relative of Omar.The gang left her bleeding on the road. Sahanara's in-laws took her to a hospital and then the local police station to lodge an FIR. Her condition started deteriorating that night and she was admitted to a hospital where she died around midnight on Thursday. The accused, meanwhile, had got out on bail.On Friday, hundreds of supporters of Sahanara's father (who is now on Haj with his wife) ghearoed Rajabagan police station. Senior officers tried to pacify them but they went off to block AK Road. The agitators say their blockade was peaceful but police lathicharged them for no reason. The police action triggered brick-batting by the mob. The protesters stormed into the police station and ransacked it. A police jeep was also wrecked.Officers from neighbouring police stations - Garden Reach, Ekbalpore and South Port - rushed to the spot with additional forces to bring the situation under control. By then, the area had turned into a battlefield and the mob damaged the car of the Garden Reach OC. A group attacked the house of Meher Ali also.Later, police initiated a case of rioting and arson against the sons and some relatives of the Trinamool councilor. \"No one has been arrested yet,\" said Mehboob Akhtar, DC Port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15346848", "title": "Drier July affects paddy sowing", "text": "KANPUR: July remained drier in 2012 in terms of rainfall. It had affected the kharif season.The data provided by the meteorological department states that the city is reeling under deficit rain this year. According to the criteria, the areas which receive rain between 60% and 80% are considered to be in the category of receiving deficit rainfall.The areas which receive rain between 46% and 60% of the average rainfall are under highly deficit areas while those which receive rain below 40% are categorized even worse.The total average rainfall received by the city in July 2012 is 218.9 mm. This is nearly 70.7% deficient of the average expected rainfall expected this month. The normal or average rain for the region in July is 309 mm.Agro-meteorologist of CSA Anirudh Dubey said that July remained highly deficient in terms of rain this year. The condition was same in July 2009. June 2012 was one of the driest months in last two decades.According to the data of past five years, the rainfall held in the month of June in 2008 was 309 mm while July received 465.8 mm rains. In 2009, the rainfall received in June and July were 21 mm and 184.3 mm respectively.The July rainfall in 2009 was less than July 2012. The rain in June 2010 was 47.5 mm while July received 386.2 mm rainfall. The rain in June and July 2011 were 235.8 mm and 280.1 mm respectively. The CSA experts said that price of rice and pulses may rise next year.\"The total crop coverage target for the Kanpur division, which includes Kanpur, Farrukhabad, Kannauj, Kanpur Dehat, Auraiya and Etawah is 4.98 lakh hectare. Till July 28 this year, only 4.17 hectare land has been covered for agricultural production which is nearly 83% of the total covered area,\" he said.The targeted crop coverage for paddy transplantation in the region is 2.09 lakh hectare. But the paddy transplantation has been done only in 1.57 lakh hectare land. Hence, nearly 30% of the land is vacant.The target for maize cultivation is 1.23 lakh hectares while the cultivation has been done only in 1.16 lakh hectares this year.The pulses cultivation too was 75 to 80% of the total target in this Kharif season.The agricultural experts informed that the best time for paddy transplantation is from second week of June to first week of July. Further delay in paddy sowing leads to losses.\"Every field suffers a loss of 34 kg rice per hectare per day if sowing takes place after the deadline. This loss doubles if paddy transplantation takes place after last week of July,\" an expert explained.The expert advised the farmers to speed up paddy sowing as there are chances of heavy rains in the coming days in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15347258", "title": "Philosophy faculty of National College on indefinite fast over scrapping of course", "text": "TRICHY: The tug-of-war between the management of National College and the Association of University Teachers over the former's scrapping of philosophy as a course of study peaked on Friday as one of the three fasting philosophy professors of the college fainted. The three philosophy professors of the college - Dr T Seshasayee, 56, professor S Gunasekharan, 51, and Dr R Prabhakar, 49 - sat in what they called an indefinite fast three days ago demanding that the college not do away with the aided philosophy courses.The state president of AUT, K Pandiyan, himself a professor of history with National College for 28 years, alleged that the National College management unilaterally passed a resolution to close down aided courses, whereas only the Director of Collegiate Education had the power to do so. According to Regional Joint Director of Collegiate Education, Trichy, Ravishankar, the college decided to close the courses once and for all as there was no patronage for the philosophy course from students. The college informed him that only 14 students in the undergraduate level and 17 in the postgraduate level had applied for the course in the last five years.Talking to TOI, Pandiyan argued that despite the fact the Chennai-based Director of Collegiate Education had served three orders on the college to revive the philosophy course and also to find ways and means to increase student intake, the college did not respond positively. \"Even the Trichy RJDCE served an order to the college to revive the philosophy course, but the management did not budge,\" Pandiyan alleged. \"Since it is the government that is funding the salary of the staff for the aided course, the college has no business to close it. The very future of philosophy, the mother of all disciplines, as a course of study was at stake,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Director of Collegiate Education, Senthamizh Selvi, told TOI that she had already passed an order to the joint director at Trichy to take efforts to revive the course. RJDCE Ravishankar said he was studying the issue closely. However, he said, \"The National College has no right to unilaterally scrap the course; after all it is the government that should have taken a decision.\"The ego clash between the management and AUT further spawned a fresh controversy in which the management alleged that AUT was bringing in \"bogus students\" to apply for the course whereas no one was really interested in philosophy. AUT hit back saying six students had already applied for the course. Ravishankar said he was personally verifying the bonafides of the student-applicants to ascertain if they indeed existed, and added that he would take a final decision on Monday.Though the condition of the three professors deteriorated on Friday, they refused to accept medical care. The medical team, police and revenue officials were waiting helplessly at the college premises as a solution evaded them.\"We want a categorical assurance from the government that the courses will be revived this academic year, or else we have no other option but to continue the agitation,\" Pandiyan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15345532", "title": "PSPCL cuts power to whistleblower's home for exposing bribe attempt", "text": "PATIALA: A physically-challenged couple and their two minor daughters have been without power in Rajpura since August 1 as Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) has disconnected supply to their home allegedly to \"punish\" them for having dared to get a PSPCL officer arrested while accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000.Family head Jaswinder Raikhy got Upper Division Clerk (UDC) Avtar Singh arrested on July 16. He was caught red-handed accepting the bribe money in return of imposing less penalty on the power meter sealed at their house.PSPCL had replaced the old meter on July 13 with a new one after receiving government fee from Raikhy. But on August 1 around 3.30pm, when Jaswinder was not at his residence, a PSPCL team allegedly entered the house, abused his physically-challenged wife Kiran, threatened his minor daughters Divya, 13, and Hamanshi, 6, and disconnected power supply. The team took away the new electricity meter along.The family's repeated calls to senior PSPCL authorities have fallen on deaf ears. \"I have been receiving threats for having got Avtar Singh arrested. They have been pressurizing me to withdraw my complaint. When I refused, they disconnected power to my house and took the electricity meter with them, after abusing my wife and daughters,\" alleged Jaswinder, who works as a stamp vendor in Rajpura Tehsil office.The issue began in July when Raikhy visited the local PSPCL office to get the power load increased and deposited the required fee. According to him, PSPCL officers replaced the already-installed meter with a new one, instead of increasing the load. When Raikhy approached the PSPCL office, the officers told him that the old meter had been tampered with and they demanded money to hush up the matter.The staff allegedly threatened to frame him in a case meter tampering and demanded Rs 20,000 from Raikhy, who contacted the vigilance bureau. When contacted, executive engineer of PSPCL Rajpura, Mohit Sood, said didn't know details of the case and CMD K D Chaudhary did not attend phone calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15347132", "title": "Airports Authority of India directs officials to improve drainage", "text": "GUWAHATI: The north-eastern regional office of the Airports Authority of India (AAI) directed concerned officials to make a comprehensive plan to improve the drainage system of the Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International (LGBI) Airport to reduce artificial floods.The AAI urged the administration to construct alternative waterways to prevent artificial floods in the airport campus as the floods continue to inundate portions of the parking lot and the approach road for the last one week. However, he said the present artificial floods will not pose any threat to the operation of flights.AAI regional executive director (northeastern region), R K Singla said the airport authorities will find a permanent solution of the prolonged artificial flooding at the LGBI Airport before the next rainy season begins.\"We have witnessed unusual rain in the airport area this year. Though there were four drains to flush out the excess rain water, parts of the airport was still waterlogged. We constructed one open drain from the eastern to western side of the airport campus on Monday night after the prolonged artificial floods in the airport campus this time. If heavy rainfall does not occur in the next few hours, the entire rain water in the airport campus will be cleared within next two to five days,\" said Singla.He, however, said the state government agencies will have to provide the airport authorities passages to drain out excess rain water. Singla said all the five existing drains inside the airport campus cannot provide a permanent solution of the problem of artificial floods.\"Buildings coming up around the airport are a cause of concern. While giving permission to construct high rise buildings in the vicinity of the airport, the government agencies take our consent, but we do not take responsibility of the civic issue related to these construction work. So they need to be more cautious,\" Singla added.Not only the airport, but important offices and residential places like the India Oil residential area, Software Technology Parks of India office, SOS children's village are waterlogged for almost a week now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347364", "title": "BSNL dues unpaid, 14 CCTV cameras near Dagdusheth temple on the blink", "text": "PUNE: The 14 closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras installed at 10 strategic locations in the city last August stopped functioning three months ago as network charges to service provider BSNL have not been paid.The cameras were installed for providing additional security during the Ganapati festival. They were installed at a cost of Rs 20 lakh at places close to the Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati temple such as Sevasadan chowk, Belbaug chowk, Gadgil statue (Shaniwar Wada) and Lal Mahal chowk.The security of this area raises concern because IM operative Qateel Siddiqui had confessed to have tried planting a bomb outside the temple in 2010.The cameras were installed following a meeting between Pune police commissioner and Ganesh mandals during last year's Ganeshotsav. The idea that all mandals should pool in money for putting up CCTV cameras at sensitive spots in the city was mooted.All the 14 Japan Victor Company ( JVC ) cameras have been installed in the Vishrambaug and Faraskhana areas, functioned through the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) telephone network. The camera output was transmitted and recorded at Vishrambaug police station CCTV control room.\"The Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati trust had promised to bear half the cost of the project, that is Rs 10 lakh. Former mayor Mohansingh Rajpal had promised to pay the remaining Rs 10 lakh for installation, but it was never paid. We had to pay the additional Rs 10 lakh, and initially bore the cost of running the cameras, which were operational from August 2011 to May 2012. Network charges to BSNL have not been paid due to which the cameras are not functioning,\" said Bharat Junnarkar, director, Junnarkar Technologies that installed the cameras.Mahesh Suryavanshi, treasurer, Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati temple trust, said, \"After the police informed us that the cameras had been installed and running, we paid Rs 10 lakh as promised. However, there are specific network charges that are to be paid to BSNL every month for the cameras to keep running. These dues have not been cleared and no authority is owning up to clearing them.\"Suryavanshi said the cameras installed for security reasons have rendered redundant as they are not functioning.Other locations where the cameras are installed are Phadke Haud chowk, Rameshwar temple, Gotiram Bhayya chowk, Shanipar chowk, Appa Balwant chowk, and Sonya Maruti chowk. The two pan, tilt and zoom cameras installed on a trial basis at Mahatma Phule Mandai and Alka talkies Chowk are also non-functional.Senior inspector Arjun Sakunde of Vishrambag police station said the funds to keep the cameras running and recording should be provided by the state government.The 14 cameras were connected using Managed Leased Line Network on the BSNL network. This network works on the normal two-wire copper telephone network giving 2,048 KBPs bandwidth needed for video streaming. Power supply was drawn from the nearest commercial establishment, while the output was transmitted to the police control room via telephone network. The cameras have a recording capacity of 60 days. Such cameras have also been installed in several public places across Europe. The quality of the picture is such that faces caught on camera are easily identifiable. Even vehicle number plates can be seen clearly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349813", "title": "'Not doing an item number,' says Mihir Das", "text": "Mihir Das, who was rumuored to be doing an item number in the 'Superstar', recently told Times Of India that the film doesn't have any item number at all.\"The song features me and Ratan Meher, who is playing a negative role in the movie. It's a sensual song, but, definitely not an item number. People who're calling it an item number should first know the definition of it,\" said Mihir. Barada Tripathy, the director of the film, added, \"Mihir is playing the father of the protagonist and the song in question is a part of a flashback sequence where he will be seen in a younger avatar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15344938", "title": "Slew of new leaders in Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The monsoon session of Parliament may see Vice-President Hamid Ansari continue as chairman of Rajya Sabha after the V-P polls but the RS will see a number of new House leaders representing various parties including Congress and BJP.While senior Congress member P J Kurien is likely to take over as the new deputy chairman of the House, replacing K Rehman Khan, BJP leader Ravishankar Prasad has replaced S S Ahluwalia as the new deputy leader of opposition in the House.While UPA ally Trinamool Congress has nominated party MP Derek O'Brien as the party's chief whip in the House, Naveen Patnaik's BJD has yet to name its leader in the Upper House, since senior MP Pyari Mohan Mohapatra was suspended for allegedly trying to organize a revolt against the chief minister.While a senior BJD MP said things have since improved between Patnaik and Mohapatra, there are indications that the latter may be replaced by Mangala Kisan as the party's leader in the House.Congress sources said Kurien is likely to get Congress's nod to succeed K Rahman Khan as deputy chairperson of Rajya Sabha. However, an announcement will have to wait until the party's choice is ratified by UPA partners. Interestingly, Kurien on Friday left the meeting of party chief whips halfway at 12.30 pm, by excusing himself with a note to parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal, saying he had to meet Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.TMC had kept the post of chief whip vacant, which has now been given to O'Brien, who will act as the leader of his team in Rajya Sabha, since leader of TMC's parliamentary party and railway minister Mukul Roy finds little time for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15347298", "title": "Two cops held for extortion", "text": "GUWAHATI: City police on Friday arrested two of its own constables working in the Odalbakra outpost on the charge of illegal collection of money from truck drivers. The two constables were identified as Afazul Ali and Bongshidhar Nath and are currently in the custody of the Fatasil Ambari police station.According to Fatasil police, the duo chased a truck on Friday morning at Saukuchi area and asked the driver for money illegally. When the driver refused to pay them off, one of them hit the driver and tried to steer the truck to another place. While trying to drive the truck to a different location, the constable hit a bus which was parked in the area and injured a local named Cheniram Chetia seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15346187", "title": "Rs 7.5cr facelift for Udyog Marg", "text": "NOIDA: There is good news for commuters travelling via Udyog Marg - one of the busiest but badly dug-up roads in the city. The Noida Authority has recently approved a tender for revamping of the important arterial road at a cost of Rs 7.5 crore. The repair work on this city lifeline is expected to start as soon as the monsoon recedes.Travelling via Udyog Marg has turned into a nightmare for commuters as since last year the Authority has intermittently taken up civil work and dug up the stretch at several points, leaving it in a state of disrepair.Last year, several stretches along the busy road had been dug up or closed for traffic to carry out repair and beautification work following the directions of the then chief minister, Mayawati. Later, the road between the Indian Oil roundabout in Sector 1, right up to Jhundpura, was again dug up to shift electric cables underground and to construct an underground utility corridor.This has caused major inconvenience to residents as well as regular commuters as the stretch witnesses massive jams. To make matters worse, the road is replete with encroachments all along its route. For commuters, it's a double whammy since the traffic spillover also triggers regular traffic jams on the already congested parallel road running to sectors 11-12 from Sector 15 through Sector 3.Udyog Marg is used by thousands of commuters travelling from Delhi and other parts of Noida towards the Noida Authority office or industrial sectors 1 to 11. It connects the city with the capital at five junctions, making it an important road running through Noida.According to Authority officials, the plan to redo the road has been pending for a while ever since the Authority recommended changes in Master Plan 2031. As per the 2031 plan, the width of roads in Noida has to be increased from 30 metres to 45 metres and sidewalks and cycle tracks along three main roads are to be constructed. As per IIT-Roorkee recommendations for Udyog Marg, besides shifting the overhead electrical wiring underground, the stretch of MP Road-I needs to be taken up for revamp to ensure proper roadside greenery, footpaths, drainage, street lighting and safe walkways for pedestrians. The road will also be concretized and strengthened.According to Noida Authority, this work is part of their larger plan to \"beautify Udyog Marg.\"In April this year, the Authority had proposed to widen and re-carpet the road and construct dedicated green belts and sidewalks along the stretch, all at a cost of Rs 20 crore. \"We have told our staff to ensure that the diversions, blockades and digging do not become an ever-lasting affair,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345034", "title": "Soon, you can track BEST\u2019s AC buses", "text": "MUMBAI: BEST commuters will soon get mobile and internet updates about the scheduled time of arrival of an air-conditioned bus at a particular stop.The service will be inaugurated on August 7, observed as BEST Day. In the first phase, the BEST has installed GPRS system on around 260 AC buses and that will help in tracking the movement of the vehicles in real time. Chairman of BEST committee Ashok Patil said, \"In the second phase, all non-AC buses will be covered and that will be done by the end of March 2013.\"Under the system, a commuter seeking information on a bus's scheduled arrival time will have to type out BEST, followed by the five-digit code of a particular bus stop, and send the massage to 56060. Immediately, the passenger will get a message on his mobile, informing him about the expected timings of all the buses next slated to arrive at the stop. \"If a commuter is at Dadar TT, he can type out BEST 02041, the latter being the code of the stop. A message will immediately be sent on his mobile, providing him with the expected arrival time of all the buses that will come there,\" an official said.Patil said, \"Commuters can even get the information by logging on to www.bestpis.in.\"To popularize the scheme, the BEST plans to run skits on the LCD screens installed on its buses. It will also send bulk messages to smart-card holders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "15345587", "title": "Rain leaves Sambalpur town flooded", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Incessant rain left several areas of Sambalpur town flooded on Friday. People alleged that poor drainage system in the town prevented rain water from flowing into River Mahanadi.Residents also complained that encroachment at various places had also affected the flow of water in the town's natural Dhobijore Nulla, compounding the problem of flooding.The worst-affected areas in the town were Gopalmal and Housing Board Colony where rainwater entered various houses.Affected people came out on the streets and agitated against the alleged negligence of the municipal authorities for not paying proper attention towards the drainage system in the areas.Life was also affected in several other places including Modipara, Malipara, Danipali, Bahalpara and Badbazar.\"We have evacuated the affected people to safer areas. We have also provided relief to the affected people in Bahalpara and Gopalmal areas. The situation is now under control and there is no need to panic\", a senior official of the district administration said.Official sources said Sambalpur district received a record rainfall of a rain fall of 214 mm on Thursday and 334.8 mm on Friday. Jujomora block received the highest rainfall of 118 mm on Friday.Meanwhile, Hirakud dam on Friday opened nine gates to discharge excessive water from the reservoir.Dam sources revealed that the dam was receiving 1.70 lakhs cuses of water per second and discharging 1.65 lakhs cuses water per second through the gates and canals. While the water level of the reservoir has remained at 610.41 feet on Friday afternoon.\"We are trying to maintain the water level at 610 feet (maximum level is 630 feet) till the end of this month. So we have decided to discharge the additional water coming into the reservoir\", the executive engineer of Hirakud Dam Project engineer RK Panda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345439", "title": "Shanties back on NFSC land; cops refuse to clear them", "text": "NAGPUR: The shanties problem refuses to let go of National Fire Service College. Around 30 shanties have returned on its land in Raj Nagar even as city police refused to help the college clear it. These shanties have come up on around 0.3 acres of land which the college had received from state's Public Works Department.On April 29 this year, NFSC took control of its 43 acre land in Raj Nagar after the NMC and city police removed around 500 shanties on it. But the NMC failed to rehabilitate the displaced slum-dwellers. Though over 400 dwellers had shifted from the area, there were around 50 who had occupied the footpath and a portion of city police land. The NFSC authorities immediately fenced the entire area and started construction of a compound wall. In July last week, however, 30 of the 50 families families returned on the 0.3 acre.Confirming this, a senior NFSC official said they had already approached the district collector Saurabh Rao to help them remove this encroachment. To a query, he said that the security guard deployed on the premises tried to prevent the encroachers from occupying the area but failed as he was outnumbered. \"When he failed, we had approached police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay but he declined to help,\" claimed the officer.\"The CP also declined to entertain our plea when we were ready to lodge an FIR against the encroachers,\" said the officer. \"Apart from charges levied by NMC and city police, we also paid for the food expenses of cops. Besides, we provided 10 trucks to shift the dwellers and around 200 dwellers had used our transport to shift their household items to another part of the city,\" he said. Despite this, the NFSC did not get cooperation from the city police, he claimed.Dhanvijay, however, pointed out that the NFSC was yet to clear the dues of police protection given to the fire college in April. The amount comes to around Rs 40 lakh. \"Unless they clear the dues, we won't provide any force,\" he clarified. Moreover, the land is not owned by NFSC, he said, adding the original owner of the land is PWD. \"If PWD approaches, we would think over this,\" said the city police chief.Earlier, the encroachment disrupted construction of an auditorium and now if these encroachments are not removed, the college will not be able to install a power transformer. A senior officer from district collectorate confirmed that they had received a letter from the NFSC in this regard. Meanwhile, the Central Public Works Department (CPWD) granted extension to NFSC to complete the project by March 2014. Earlier, the deadline for completing the project was December 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349821", "title": "Jiva\u2019s Mugamoodi as Mask in Telugu", "text": "Actor Jiva's upcoming Tamil movie \"Mugamoodi\" is being dubbed in Telugu as Mask. Producer RB Choudhary has bought the Telugu dubbing rights of the movie, which is slated for release in the last week of August.The film, which is directed by Mysskin, will have Jiva in the role of superhero. It is about a man who cannot tolerate injustice and corruption and hence turns into a vigilante to fight against it for a better society. Mugamoodi (Mask) is tipped as South India's first superhero film and apparently Jiva had a tough time shooting for the film wearing a special suit which weighed more than 12 kgs.Sathya has composed the music for this film and the audio is likely to be released on August 12, although an official announcement is yet to be made. Pooja Hegde, Narain and Nassar are seen in important roles in this film, which is slated for release on August 31. The team recently left to Switzerland to shoot couple of songs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "15350075", "title": "Man jumps off moving plane in Malaysia", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: A man jumped out of a moving aircraft while it was about to take off from an airport in Malaysia , causing delay in the flight operations.Air Asia flight AK 5187 from Miri in Malaysia's northern Sarawak state to Kuala Lumpur was scheduled to take off at 7.40pm on Friday. However, it was delayed for over an hour as a result of the runway drama.A witness said that as the plane was about to take off, the man suddenly opened the emergency doors and jumped out.\"The raft automatically opened. Other passengers started screaming. The plane was brought to a halt,\" a passenger Siva Nathiran was quoted as saying.AirAsia's regional head of flight operations Captain Fareh Ishraf Mazputra said the aircraft had just started taxiing when a passenger ran and opened the door.\"There were no injuries and the passenger was arrested,\" he said.The man was then taken to Miri hospital. Sources said the man, believed to be aged 24, did not suffer any injuries as a result of the fall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345256", "title": "Cars, bikes gone in midnight blaze", "text": "CHENNAI: Three cars and three motorcycles were severely damaged when a blaze broke out in an apartment complex in Virugambakkam in the early hours of Friday.Police said the fire engulfed the entire parking lot at Sarvodhya Apartments, a two-floor complex in which four families live, on AVM Avenue. The blaze rapidly spread to a bedroom on one of the ground floor flats, gutting beds and furniture.Panic stricken, the residents ran outside after disconnecting the power supply and alerted the fire brigade.Police suspect the fire spread from an overheated airconditioner on the ground floor. \"We will conduct an investigation to determine what caused the blaze,\" a police officer said.Police said a resident of one of the apartments on the first floor noticed the fire at 2.15am. \"Ramya smelled something burning and looked out of the window. She saw smoke billowing out of the parking lot,\" the officer said. \"She immediately alerted her husband, Venkatesh, an auditor with a software firm and rushed out with her children.\"Venkatesh said they had second thoughts about opening the door even though their apartment was full of smoke because they initially believed that robbers had started the fire to force them out of the building. \"We then telephoned our neighbours and everyone soon got out of the building,\" Venkatesh said.Ramya said the family and their neighbours tried to douse the fire with buckets of water. \"It was futile because of the intensity of the blaze,\" she said. \"It damaged the entire parking area.\"The blaze destroyed the bedroom of a ground floor apartment occupied by Shivaraman, a software engineer, and his family.Residents of the complex prevented the fire from spreading to a fourth car and another motorbike. But Ponnusamy, a resident of the complex, misplaced the keys of his new car and the vehicle went up in flames.Fire and rescue service personnel rushed to the spot and put out the fire. Virugambakkam police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15346373", "title": "Stiff bail term for Bizarre CEO", "text": "KOCHI: The chief executive officer of Bizarre Business Corportation, the money chain company that allegedly siphoned off Rs 55 crore from the public, was asked to furnish bonds worth Rs 2.4 crore for availing bail by the Kerala high court on Friday. Justice N K Balakrishnan ordered the CEO, K T Gopinathan, to furnish bonds for Rs 50,000 as well as bonds by two more persons for Rs 50,000 each to secure bail in each of the 161 cheating cases pending against him.Abdul Arshad, MD, Bizarre group was arrested earlier. It was found that Gopinathan, a sub-inspector of the Thrissur armed reserve police camp, was acting as the CEO of Bizzarre. Bizarre operated by collecting amounts ranging from Rs 5,500 to Rs 14,250 as membership fee, while enrolling in the company's super market project cost investors Rs 8,750 for 8,000 shares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15345507", "title": "Petition against land allotment to Rajiv Trust withdrawn", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The controversy over the allotment of land by the Haryana government to the Rajiv Gandhi charitable trust (RGCT), run by UPA chairman Sonia Gandhi , her Son Rahul and daughter Priyanka Gandhi , came to an end on Friday as the villagers of Ullawas near Gurgaon, who had challenged the land allotment, withdrew their petition from the Punjab and Haryana high court.The petitioners had challenged the Haryana government's decision to allot around 5 acres to the RGCT on a lease for 33 years.The high court had in November, 2011, issued notice to the Haryana Urban Development Authority, Gurgaon deputy commissioner, the sarpanch of Ullawas village and other respondents on the petition filed by Dharamvir and other villagers of Ullawas.The petitioners had challenged the allotment and pleaded that Haryana government had allotted land to the RGCT \"with the sole purpose of pleasing the trust.\"The Haryana government on December 6, 2010 had issued orders of allotting the land in Ullawas village to the RGCT for setting up an eye hospital and a research center.The petition challenging the allotment was filed in the HC in November last year, alleging that the state government's decision to allot the land to RGCT was arbitrary and that the transaction would serve no benefits to the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15347366", "title": "Central Jail to set up three weaving units for inmates", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road Central Jail authorities would soon be reviving three handloom units to take up different weaving works, mainly pertaining to carpets. Jail authoritiessaid that the units had been funtional in the past but were closed down due to technical snags.There are 50 handlooms in all the three units, and inmates will be given training to begin work at the units.Jail superintendent Jayant Naik said that apart from the work of weaving carpetsand other materials, inmates also carry out works related to carpentry, preparing chemicals for soap making, and undertake tailoring work as well.\"Generally those facing a sentence of over one year are given these tasks. The inmates are provided three months of training, followed by three months of assistance with a skilled worker, before he is given the job independentlyThose serving a sentence of less than a year are given tasks such as farming, and gardening,\" Naik said.\"Last year, the Cental Jail inmates produced goods worth Rs 1.92 crore. While these goods can be sold in the open market, mMost times these goods are delivered to government departments or other prisons,\" he added.The jail here has also bagged an order of envelopes from Reliance company. Meanwhile, tThe prison also has plans to provide beautician courses for women inmates. The jail authorities said that generally the idea is that after the inmates are out from prison, they can start their life afresh. It is because of this reason that the Jail authorities said the prisoners inmates are also provided computer course on computer training as well as education facilities through distance learning. They added that this year 164 inmates have taken admission for degree courses through Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU). while in the past 30 of them have already got degrees from the same varsity.An additional 50 inmates are being taught to read and write who are being made literate as well, authorities said.The inmates have plenty of time inside the jail, the administration says there effort is to ensure that the inmates make optimum use of the time they have.On this backdrop various industrial units and educational facilities have been started in the jail, informed the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15344797", "title": "Goa alerts IB, RAW about SMS warning of attack on Panaji", "text": "PORVORIM: The Goa government has alerted the intelligence bureau (IB) and the research and analysis wing (RAW) about two mysterious SMS messages, received by two journalists, threatening of attacks in Goa's capital city of Panaji and in the coastal belt.Fatorda independent MLA Vijay Sardesai sought to know details of the investigations into the two messages which supposedly originated in Spain and were received in August and December last year.Parrikar, who is also the home minister, replied that since the origin of the SMS is Spain, the information has been shared with IB and RAW for developing further intelligence. Details of the investigations by these central agencies are awaited, Parrikar said.The chief minister also informed the house that district police, coastal police and crime branch have been sensitized and precautionary measures have been taken by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347135", "title": "British MP seeks info on state\u2019s healthcare system", "text": "JAIPUR: British MP Dan Jarvis was in Jaipur on Friday to discuss on the health status of malnourished children of the state and ways to improve the situation.Jarvis met health minister A A Khan and discussed in detail on various projects and schemes of the state government which were introduced recently.The British parliamentarian came to Pink City with representatives of Save the Children, an NGO working for malnourished children in the state.Jarvis lauded the state's schemes like Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna and the chief minister's free medicine and they would help the state government in reducing the infant mortality rate and maternal mortality ratio.During the interacting with Jarvis, Khan pointed out that pregnancy and child tracking system has been also introduced in the state to keep a check on the health of pregnant women and infants in the state.He would visit Rupangarh in Ajmer to inspect various health projects for children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15346181", "title": "Four held for protesting against corporation", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four persons were arrested by the Coimbatore city police on Friday for protesting against the municipal corporation. The police said the protesters demaned the corporation should withdraw the project of shifting the omni bus stand from Gandhipuram to Vilankurichi.Kongunadu Arunthathiyar Munnetra Peravai activists alleged the proposed bus stand that's supposed to come up on 8.5 acres of land at Vilankurichi is a panchami land, meant for the welfare of SC and STs. According to P Elango, state general secretary of Kongunadu Arunthathiyar Munnetra Peravai, the civic body is trying to acquire the land violating the law to set up the bus stand. The land should be used for welfare of the Dalits, he added.Recently the corporation counsel has passed a resolution those 8.5 acres of land which is under the hold of Bhoomi Thana Variyam. The land will be used for developing the omni bus stand. But the Variyam was formed to take care of the panchami lands.Some Dalit outfits have fixed a meeting on Sunday to discuss about their next move over the issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15346962", "title": "19 courses see closure at Lucknow University", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University has suspended 19 post-graduate courses including diploma, PG diploma, proficiency, and certificate courses this year. Reason: these courses failed to attract students. As per the university's rule, a self-financed course must have at least 40% of the total applications or admissions to run the course.The courses that will remain suspended this year includes proficiency in Arabic, proficiency in Bangla, MA/MSc bio-statistics, advanced diploma in clinic nutrition and dietetics, advanced diploma in food processing, diploma in food production, certificate of proficiency in French, advanced diploma in German, diploma in health and hygiene, PG diploma in management of public relations, proficiency in Persian, PG diploma in reproduction and child health, PG diploma in rural management, PG diploma in travel management, advance diploma in Russian, diploma in Russian, MA in Russian, proficiency in Urdu, and MA in Women Studies.Last year, around 48 courses, both PG and diplomas were suspended after they failed to attract adequate number of students. tnnLucknow: All is certainly not well with Lucknow University. Even after extending the last date for submission of application forms for admissions to post-graduate and diploma courses, the university had received 12,637 forms. Though the university admission officials kept mum on continuous extension of dates, sources said candidates seeking admission faced severe problems in the online forms. Therefore, the university was forced to increase the dates.The university released its PG admissions data on July 27, two days after closing down the admission window. However, the university received maximum of 1,261 forms for LLb (three year) followed by 943 in MCom (Commerce). A total of 702 applications were received for MA (Sociology), 560 for MA (English), 506 for Masters of Social Work (MSW), 506 for MSc (Mathematics), 465, in MCom in Applied Economics, 432 in MSc (Botany), 411 in MSc (Chemistry), and MSc (Physics), 401 in MA (Political Science), 391 in MA (Economics), 346 in MA (Hindi) and 311 in MSc (Zoology).Among the courses that received poor response from the students include MA (French) with only 10 applications, MA (Jyotir Vigyan) with 27 applications, MA (Persian) with 14 applications, MSc Mass Communication in Science and Technology with 22 applications, Masters of Business Law with 26 applications, Masters of Event Management with 16 applications, PG Diploma in Archaeology and Museology with 12 applications, PG Diploma in Human Resource Development with 21 applications and many others. The university has received a total of 11,800 forms last year.Meanwhile, the university will begin the counselling for post-graduate courses from August 4. On Friday, counselling for left over seats in BA, BA (Hons), BCom, BCom (Hons), BBA (IB), BTA took place. In the morning hours on August 4, counselling for left over seats in BSc (Maths), BSc (Bio), BCA and LLb will be held. PG counselling will end on August 17. For further details, students can log onto university's website, www.lkouniv.ac.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15346993", "title": "Railways step up security at all stations", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways has beefed up security at all the important stations including Lucknow in the wake of the recent Pune blasts.Directions to step up the security have been sent to the security officers at all the important stations.Chief security commissioner, Northern Railway has advised all the senior divisional security commissioners, at Delhi, Ambala, Firozpur, Jammu and Kashmir , Moradabad and Lucknow to maintain high level of visibility and proactive presence of Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel at important stations.To beef up the security, dog squad of RPF has been pressed into service at New Delhi, Delhi Cantt, Delhi Jn, Hazrat Nizamuddin, Anand Vihar, Lucknow, Varanasi, Moradabad, Haridwar, Jammu, Amritsar, Chandigarh, Ambala and at other stations.Besides, the electronic surveillance has been stepped up at all the important stations. RPF in co-ordination with the Government Railway Police (GRP) is also conducting checks and frisking of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15347606", "title": "'Regular training can help raise teachers' skills'", "text": "SINDRI: BIT Sindri director S K Singh said regular training can help enhance the inherent skill of a teacher. He was addressing the concluding function of the two-week training programme for teachers, organized by Indian Society of Technical Education here.He assured to take up the matter with competent officials in a week under the Career Advancement Scheme ( CAS). He also promised to provide facilities for organizing more such programmes in future.Earlier addressing the function, course coordinator f G Kumar said teachers need to keep themselves upgraded not only in the subject of their concern but also work towards performance enhancement besides staying abreast of management and personality development-related challenges. Learning specialist, learner, language, lessons, teaching process, learning process besides review and applications were seven salient features of the training, he opined.Participating teachers Ghashyam, R K Verma, Prakash Kumar, Krishna Murari, Sheo Kumar, Ms P Mahanto and A K Sinha from MIT Muzaffarpur said that the training programme was fruitful and expressed their satisfaction.They however expressed concern over lack of proper support system for organizing such training programmes and called upon the institute administration to provide a training hall with all modern facilities.Topics like roles and responsibilities of a teacher, team building, leadership, self-awareness and self-development, effective teaching and communication exercises on group dynamics, leadership quality assessment, and team building were also harped upon in the training programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15347590", "title": "Inter-school debate held on parent-child relationship", "text": "RANCHI: An inter-school debate competition on \"children should provide room and board to ageing parents\" was organized at International Library Cultural Centre ( ILCC) here on Friday.Ankita Chatterjee of Bishop School, who spoke against the motion, said, \"When the parents become old, they need space and children too want their own. Parents should realize that children these days don't have time due to busy schedule. There are also financial constraints because parents by that age become dependent.\"Akriti Sharma, Cambrian Public School spoke for the motion. \"Parents have a special place in our lives and their importance can never be denied. Let's not forget our Indian culture which tells us to respect our elders and parents. They are our responsibility. Hence old age homes are not the place where they should land as this is the time when they need our support,\" she said.Jyoti Bajaj, deputy managing trustee, IILC, said they chose this age group as the students were at such a phase of life where they would move out from their homes and their parents would be left alone. \"Values are declining day by day where children have started neglecting and abandoning their parents for whom old-age homes have become the last ray of hope to lead their rest of the life in peace.\"Shivani Shivam Priya of St Xavier's School bagged the first prize, Saloni Kumari and Nischay Keshri of Oxford Public School got the second and third prize respectively. The team prize went to St Xavier's School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "15347194", "title": "Hmar People's Conference (Democratic) vows to take on 'belligerent' Mizoram government", "text": "AIZAWL: Manipur-based Hmar People's Conference (Democratic), in a press statement e-mailed to the media in Aizawl , alleged that the Mizoram government once again broke the mutual trust and confidence that was slowly building up after the first term of the Suspension of Operation (SoO) between the HPC(D) and the state government on November 11, 2010 by arresting its chairman, H Zosangbera. The outfit alleged that two HPC(D) 'army' top brass were arrested on Assam soil despite the fact that the outfit is in a suspension of operations (SoO) with the Assam government.The press statement, signed by Amos P Hmar, secretary of the outfit, alleged that the HPC(D) chairman, H Zosangbera, who was arrested from Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi on July 17, was at that time \"on his way to meet officials of the ministry of home affairs to intimate them about the urgent need for a political solution for the Hmars in Mizoram.\"\"The chief minister of Mizoram (Lal Thanhawla) was aware about the peace meet and had given his nod to All Party Leaders (Mizoram),\" the statement alleged.It claimed that HPC(D) 'army chief' Lalropui and 'deputy chief of army' Lalbieknung were also arrested on June 10 by Mizoram Police from Silchar Airport (Assam) when they were on their way to visit the HPC(D) designated camp and attend a peace meeting with the leaders of the All Parties Leaders (Mizoram).\"The HPC(D) shall not be a silent spectator to the belligerent attitude adopted by the government of Mizoram, the statement said, adding that the recently-conducted flag march at Sinlung Hills, in the northeastern part of the state adjoining Manipur, by the state police was undemocratic and exaggerated.HPC(D) informed that Lalthanglien (L T) Hmar was appointed as the chairman 'in-charge' of the outfit by the emergent meeting of the executive council following the arrest of its chairman H Zosangbera by Mizoram Police. Intelligence sources said that L T Hmar was the 'public relations officer' (PRO) of the outfit and was originally from Manipur.The militant group also alleged that \"decades of suppression and discrimination by the government of Mizoram in collusion with Mizoram-based NGO (Young Mizo Association) have resulted in giving no place and space for the Hmar language, culture, identity and tradition; our people are deprived and marginalized from getting our due and fair share in governance, welfare, development, education, entitlement and justice.\"The Hmar militant group also went on to warn that \"the rights of the suppressed Hmar people shall not be allowed to be thwarted and deterred by the exercise of such uncalled-for belligerence.\"Slamming state home minister R Lalzirliana for his firm stance on Hmar militancy, the HPC(D) further warned: \"If the home minister of Mizoram, Lalzirliana, and his cahoots think that the rightful demand of the Hmar people of Mizoram and a peoples' movement launched under Hmar People's Convention (Democratic) could be suppressed with the arrest of our selfless leaders, they shall be proven wrong.\"In an apparent reply to the recent statement made by Lalzirliana in the state legislature, the outfit said: \"Let the Mizoram state police trace and track us anywhere and everywhere if it thinks that would wrest our movement and aspirations, which will be again proven wrong.\"Lalzirliana, while making appeals to the HPC(D) cadres to shun the path of violence, offered general amnesty and assured that those who come overground would be rehabilitated and given financial assistance through the New land Use Policy (NLUP), the flagship programme of the ruling Congress.He, however, warned that those who choose to continue with violent and illegal activities would be tracked down and pursued relentlessly by the police like their arrested leaders.While the Mizoram government justified the arrests of the top HPC(D) leaders on the grounds that the outfit has been indulging in illegal activities including criminal intimidation of the local populace in the so-called Hmar Demand Area, especially during elections, and forcible extortions, the former displayed extreme anger after the Hmar group targeted the YMA. What really prompted the crackdown against the Hmar outfit by the Mizoram Police was the recent diktat of the HPC(D) to all the units of the YMA in the \"Hmar-inhabited area\" to dissolve the respective units.With the assembly election coming up next year, the ruling Congress's latest move makes it seem like the party is willing to risk contesting the three assembly seats within the \"Hmar area\" with the help of the YMA even in the face of opposition from the Hmar militant group. All the political parties in Mizoram have always been vying for the support of the Hmar militant group during electioneering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349874", "title": "Want to give erotic angle to Chokher Bali: Tannishtha", "text": "Angelina Jolie has reportedly expressed a desire to play Anastasia Steele in the movie adaptation of Fifty Shades Of Grey. Jolie, who had heard a lot about the Christian Grey bestseller, bought a copy of the book apparently thinking she'd love to feature in what has become the hot topic on everyone's lips at the moment. Closer home, there is no less interest in erotic thrillers. The sheer excitement of exploring the many layers of bold and kinky love has set the pulse racing here in our own backyards too. Times of India asks our actors which literary or filmi character would they want to revisit to give an erotic twist -  Eijaz Khan I would choose Devdas . Both Dilip Kumar and Shahrukh Khan have played Devdas with elan. But my take would be more on the erotic lines. Devdas has all the ingredients of an erotic movie. It has passion, tragedy and romance. It's the perfect choice for a new-age adaptation that explores the erotic angle in forbidden romance between a man who drinks to forget his sorrows and a hooker with a golden heart. Audiences identify with Devdas since there is a Devdas in every person. It is only the degree of identification and expression of the emotion that varies. People wish to hide their latent Devdas traits but I'm sure there will be a lot of takers who've want to see how the man pined for the woman in the kotha. The character has immense depth and it evokes sentiments. To bring that alive on screen would be a challenge that I'd love to take up.Sameera Reddy My pick would be Anarkali from Mughal-e-Azam . In the earlier version, she was a simpleton but a court dancer nonetheless. The K Asif movie starring Prithviraj Kapoor, Dilip Kumar, Madhubala and Durga Khote loosely followed an episode in the life of Prince Salim and his love for the court dancer \u2014 Anarkali. This relationship was disapproved by emperor Akbar and also a matter of envy for a another dancer who wished to be the queen . I would want to do a remake version of the film that would give a twist in terms of subtle sexiness, not an outright erotic angle.Arunoday Singh I have read Fifty Shades Of Grey . I am not someone who would like revisiting old films. Ray's films, for example, should never be touched even if one is thinking of giving an erotic twist to the way he explored the relationship between the brother-in-law and sister-in-law (Charulata). As for other Indian movies exploring love triangles, they've always remained very superficial. Perhaps, there is a feeling that India is still not prepared to see that level of naked truth. Fact is we are highly sexual species who need to heal the hypocrisy. It'd be cool to give a quirky erotic twist to the Vikram and Betaal saga. I always thought that Betaal was a woman and would like to give an erotic twist to their stories.Tannishtha Chatterjee I'd want to revisit Binodini's character from Chokher Bali and give an erotic angle to a tale of a widow's suppressed sexuality. When Binodini accepts the invitation of Rajlakshmi to live with her and her son, Mahendra (who had rejected a former marriage proposal with Binodini), the latter is already married to Ashalata. The strong undercurrents of attraction between Binodini and Mahendra can be given an erotic interpretation even as the text explores a tale of adultery, deceit and sorrow that arose from a deep sense of repression and dissatisfaction.Richa Chadda Draupadi is probably one of the extremely rare cases of respected and acceptable polyandry in our culture. Even though her five husbands mortgaged her modesty, the cheerharan bit had strong sexual undercurrents. What would Draupadi say? Did she enjoy the fact that unlike most women , she was spoilt for choice! Was she flattered that Bheem killed Duryodhana on the pretext of avenging her? I always found Draupadi interesting. She's never been cited as an 'ideal' bahu unlike Sita. The latter had to go underground even after an agnipariksha! Prehistoric male chauvinism, I'd say! I think the directors who can give breathing space to female characters would tell the story nicely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346637", "title": "Mehndi, the only colour in their mundane lives", "text": "PATNA: 'Mehndi' is the only colour in his otherwise black and white life. For Mohan Prasad, the skill of applying henna is what helps him in his hand-to-mouth survival.The only earning member in a family of five, Prasad says, \"I've been doing this work for almost seven years now to support my family.\" He puts up his makeshift shop (consisting of a couple of stools) on Boring Road. Having got no formal training, Prasad says, he picked up the skill looking at friends. Asked how much he is able to earn every day, he replies, \"During peak season, we get many customers, but during off-season, customers are limited to two or three per day and sometimes even none.\"For Rajesh Kumar too, it is the only way to earn his bread and butter. Kumar, who sits at Maurya Lok Complex, stated, \"The general rates of 'mehndi' are Rs 50, Rs 100 or Rs 200, depending on the style, but during peak season it increases by Rs 10 or 20.\" He adds, \"We also visit homes to apply 'mehndi', especially during marriage season. 'Dulhan mehndi' starts from Rs 1,100.\"These 'mehndi artists' attract people from as far as Danapur. A customer, Poonam Devi, said, \"I specially came to Maurya Lok so that I could apply henna for Raksha Bandhan.\" She added, \"In our tradition, post- marriage, a woman applies 'mehndi' for her husband in 'Sawan' and for her brother in 'Bhado' (both Hindi calendar months).\"Nirdosh Kumar also runs a 'mehndi' stall at Maurya Lok. Earlier, he used to work in a factory, but now he finds this job more 'easy going'. He says, \"I took training at Tilak Nagar in Delhi and then came here. Most of the business is done during Rakhi, Teej and the wedding season. People come during other festivals also, but otherwise we sit here from 11am to 9pm without doing much.\" Males also come for 'mehndi' before their wedding, he said.When asked what designs are more popular among the ladies, he says, \"Mostly Arabic and Rajasthani styles are in vogue. The designs are simple but beautiful and usually last for a week to 10 days.\" He claimed, \"We use the generally available packaged henna powder by adding water to it, no chemicals are used.\"Puja Gyan, a bank job aspirant, who was getting 'mehndi' applied on her palms said, \"I usually apply 'mehndi' myself, but come to Maurya Lok when I don't have much time. The designs here are good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345182", "title": "Marol drunk motorist\u2019s bail application rejected", "text": "MUMBAI: An Andheri court on Friday rejected the bail application filed by courier company manager Lalit Sharma (22) who has been arrested for driving drunk and running over two pedestrians, Himlal Khanal (44) and his cousin Min Chhetri (51), on Vijay Nagar Bridge in Marol early on July 30. \"Sharma's medical test showed he was drunk when he mowed down the two.He applied for bail on Friday but the court rejected his plea,\" said senior inspector S L Hujband. Sharma was sent to Arthur Road Jail for 14 days on August 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15347280", "title": "Kanyakumari Express delayed as AC fails", "text": "TRICHY: Passengers of the Chennai-Kanyakumari Express (Train No. 12633) travelling by two-tier AC raised the pitch against the railway administration as an air-conditioner in a coach was out of order. Frightened by the recent fire-mishap on a Tamil Nadu Express train, they insisted that the railway officials attach a new coach with air-conditioner facility. So a new coach was attached in Tiruchirappalli railway junction in the midnight of Thursday.According to the railways, the train departed from Chennai Egmore junction at 5.30 pm on Thursday as per schedule. A few minutes after departure, the passengers on coach no A1 (fourth from the rear side) raised a hue and cry over the air-conditioner not functioning. They took up the issue with the travelling ticket examiner (TTE). The TTE assured them that they would fix the problem once the train reached Villupuram railway junction. Even after the train reached Villupuram, the problem remained unsolved. So, the passengers disembarked and agitated.The deputy station master was forced to rush to the spot and tried to pacify the passengers, saying the problem would be attended to in Tiruchirappalli junction. But the passengers did not get convinced and continued to protest. Then a team of technicians led by senior section engineer ( SSE) carried out repair work on the coach. Unfortunately, they could not mend the faulty air-conditioner, said the railways.Meanwhile, the passengers refused to accept a spare air-conditioner to be fixed instead of the defective one because they were afraid of any fire accident. Despite the railway officials trying to convince them, they kept on demanding a new coach. Since their demand could be fulfilled only at Trichirappalli junction, the official gave up the effort to placate them. But on the demand by passengers, the officials opened the emergency exits of the coach to facilitate free flow of air into the coach until the train arrived in Tiruchirappalli.The train arrived in Tiruchirappalli junction at 11.52 pm instead of the actual arrival time of 11 pm. Then a 3-Tier A/C coach was attached in place of the 2-Tier A/C coach. The train arrived in Kanyakumari with a 29- minute delay at 7.19 am on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15346302", "title": "Russian held for overstaying", "text": "A 43-year-old Russian national, Nikolay Sokolov, was arrested by the Calangute police on Friday afternoon for staying in the country without valid documents. Police said that during their routine patrolling near the Baga circle, they spotted a Russian behaving in a suspicious manner. On checking his documents, it was found that his visa had expired and he was staying illegally in the country. He was immediately taken into custody and placed under arrest. An offence has been registered under the Foreigners Act. PSI Melson Colaco is conducting further investigations.Pilar Society prepares to elect new superior general: The members of Society of Pilar gathered for the 18th general chapter to elect the new superior general starting August 2. Delegates numbering 36 from its four provinces, region and central houses have already gathered in the Generalate house at Pilar Deepti Sadan, Porvorim. The inaugural mass was celebrated by archbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao, archbishop of Goa and Daman in the Pilar seminary chapel at Pilar on August 1. Fr Tony Lopes, superior general of the Pilar Society, stated that the society feels encouraged because of the collaboration it has received from people of Goa and the archdiocese of Goa and Daman where the society was born. This is the first general chapter of the Society of Pilar after being raised to the pontifical status. The Pilar society during the General Chapter will focus on Breaking Paths, Crossing Horizons in Communion. During the course of the General Chapter, Pilar Society will take stock of its life and activities and will also elect new superior General and his council. In case of changes in the constitutions, the Pilar Society will need approval from the Vatican. The orientation for the General Chapter was led by Bishop Thomas Menamparampil, archbishop of Guwahati from July 30. The archbishop stated that 'coming to Goa is a pilgrimage of faith'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345407", "title": "Maharashtra's rain plan came under cloud 5 years", "text": "MUMBAI: Five years ago, the state government's cloud seeding experiment failed and it decided not to revive the plan, though the civic body is now toying with the idea because of poor rainfall.\"We spent Rs 25 crore and there was nothing to show for it. It is not even being considered,\" said Harshvardhan Patil, cooperatives minister, a key player in preparing the drought management plan.Malini Shankar, principal secretary in the water resources department, that had undertaken the experiment refused comment.\"Cloud seeding is done for convective cumulus clouds, which are very turbulent and pilots are trained to avoid it,\" said a Mantralaya official.\"It requires special training to enter these clouds and carry out seeding. Most Indian pilots are reluctant to do it and those who come forward demand a heavy price,\" he added.Dr Jivanprakash Kulkarni, chief programme scientist, Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM), Pune, that is providing scientific and technical guidance to the civic body for its cloud seeding experiment, said the project works better when there are a large number of convective clouds with many tiny cloud particles in which seeding can be introduced. The increase in rainfall varies between 10% and 25%, Kulkarni claimed.According to Mantralaya officials, cloud seeding draws moisture from neighbouring areas, which creates a void in those regions. \"Clouds shift depending on the wind speed and direction and it may not rain in the area it was meant for,\" said a senior official.The experiment also raised several ethical questions on whether it was right to draw moisture from one area to benefit another.\"In coastal areas, cloud seeding will not have any effect as moisture can be drawn from the sea but in the hinterland, this is not the case. If it is done on the boundary between two states, then it could lead to conflicts like the dispute over sharing river water,\" the official added.\"If cloud seeding resulted in rainfall exceeding 65 mm, then could it be termed as a natural disaster or a man-made one and what would be the quantum of compensation and who would pay it,\" an official said. However, Kulkarni said allayed these concerns.'Sought assistance from experts'When contacted civic chief Sitaram Kunte said: We have sought the help of the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology on how to conduct cloud seeding in a scientific way by interpreting satellite imagery to understand whether there are clouds on which seeding can be done. We are not going to take a call on it on our own.In 2009, cloud seeding and ground smoke (a kind of havan) were conducted using chemicals to coalesce the clouds and cause precipitation leading to rainfall. We spent Rs 8 crore, including Rs 5 to 6 lakh on the ground smoke. However, the efficacy of that experiment was not fully established with available dataand at that time there was no involvement of any expert agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15346796", "title": "World's fastest cheetah breaks own speed record", "text": "The fastest cheetah on Earth has broken her previous world record for the 100-metre dash, setting a new best time of 5.95 seconds. The feat surpassed the fastest of all human 100m racers by almost four seconds, CBS News reported. Usain Bolt holds the human world record at 9.58 seconds in the 100m dash. Cheetahs, of course, are built to run faster than humans, regularly clocking speeds of up to around 60 miles per hour. During a photo shoot with National Geographic Magazine, Sarah, a cheetah from the Cincinnati Zoo, covered 100 metres at 61 mph. The sprint broke her previous world record, set in 2009 when she ran the same distance in 6.13 seconds - breaking the previous record that was set in 2001, when a male S African cheetah named Nyana ran 100 metres in 6.19 seconds.Plant can prevent breast tumours? A natural plant compound phenethyl isothiocyanate (PEITC) can be used to prevent development of breast tumours, a new study by an Indian-origin researcher has claimed. Researchers from the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute found that a plant compound PEITC can hinder the development of mammary tumours in a mouse model with similarities to human breast cancer progression.Mayans used chocolate as spice? Archaeologists say they have found traces of 2,500-year-old chocolate on a plate in the Yucatan peninsula, the first time they have found ancient chocolate residue on a plate rather than a cup, suggesting it may have been used as a condiment or sauce with solid food. Experts have long thought cacao beans and pods were mainly used in pre-Hispanic cultures as a beverage.Turmeric helps fight Alzheimer's: The humble Turmeric or 'haldi' is emerging as a promising basis for an inexpensive treatment for Alzheimer's disease (AD), a new study has found. An article published in Chemical &amp; Engineering News of the American Chemical Society explains that pharmaceutical companies have invested heavily in developing new drugs for AD and tens of thousands of dollars are being annually spent to treat each patient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346650", "title": "Storm after lull: Meat sellers mint money", "text": "PATNA: Friday was a hectic day for people involved in a particular business, so much so that if you talked to them more than once to bargain, you might have been spurned by them. For, Friday marked not only the end of Shrawan but also that of the self-imposed 'ban' on non-vegetarian food in many Hindu households.The mad rush at shops selling non-vegetarian items in different parts of the city was to be seen to be believed. It was almost like a stampede at Boring Canal Road. \"I have already sold a quintal of chicken and by the time I close my shop, I think it will be at least 25kg more. However, we haven't hiked prices to take advantage of the situation. They remain unchanged between Rs 100 per kg and Rs 250 per kg, depending on variety of the chicken,\" said a chicken seller, Mohammed Salman. He added that on any normal day, the sale is not more than 40-50 Kg.The less lucky chicken sellers - those whose shops were a bit off the main road - also had a good day. \"I wish my shop was at a better location. I have sold just 70kg,\" said one Md. Mojis.Cash registers were ringing for meat shopowners also. \"I have sold 15 'khassis' (male goats) today as against 5 on any given day. A 'khassi' normally weighs 5-6kg,\" a meat seller said. A popular meat joint on Bhattacharya Road too witnessed a melee. \"I have sold 25 'khassis' already. On normal days, I sell 15 'khassis',\" said Mohammed Naushad, proprietor of the shop. The price: Rs 350 per kg.Fish sellers were also in no mood to talk to you more than once. One of them, Ratnesh Kumar, had no time to calculate how much he had sold. \"Not only the demand for regular varieties has increased by 15% but the demand for costlier ones like Katla, which was almost nil during Shrawan, has shot up today and is available at my shop\"On Serpentine Road, a fish seller said, \"Those of us who had gone to villages in Sawan due to lack of sale, have returned to business.\"Restaurants and hotels also witnessed a similar rush. Pind Baluchi's GM Amar Kumar told TOI, \"Almost 90% of our customers are demanding non-vegetarian dishes today.\" On a lighter note, he added, \"I guess people are simply over eating today.\" He said they had procured double the quantity of all non-vegetarian items than on any given day. \"In spite of that, the stock was exhausted and I had to order for more. People, it seems, have gone berserk.\" He said he had been observing this trend for years after the end of Shrawan.Food World's proprietor P C Kochar said, \"I have already sold non-vegetarian items worth Rs 40,000. Among all non-vegetarian dishes, chicken tikka and kebab are selling like hot cakes.\" On any normal day, he said, his sale of non-vegetarian dishes is worth Rs 25,000.The diners were so desperate for non-vegetarian items that if a particular dish had exhausted, they would look for some other thing. A customer at Food World, Rahul Sharma , said, \"I wanted to buy chicken tikka. But, I could not get it. So I have ordered chicken kali mirch.\"Shyam Verma, who has his shop on Fraser Road, was a harried man. He was receiving calls after calls from his children to come home with chicken. \"My children have simply passed the diktat. If I don't take it home today, they might end up not taking dinner. Hence, I have to close my shop early, so that I can buy chicken and go home,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346517", "title": "Speedy trial of gang-rape accused: DIG", "text": "PATNA: All the accused in the case of gang rape on camera that rocked the state last month will be put on speedy trial. This was stated by central range DIG Sunil Kumar on Thursday.Police are also probing whether the girl was being blackmailed after the June 14 gang rape in Rambha Apartment's flat number 301 in Rajvanshi Nagar. This after Dinesh, the domestic help of flat owner Sushant Paswan, made some fresh revelations during his interrogation by police. Dinesh, who was present in the flat at the time of the incident, was arrested from Darbhanga on Wednesday.Dinesh has revealed Sushant and Rahul Lamba, who is seen in the video as the most brutal of the girl's tormentors, had brought the girl to the flat again about a week after the June 14 incident. \"We suspect the duo was blackmailing the girl,\" the DIG said.Asked about Saurabh who was named by the girl in her statement in the court, the DIG said Dinesh did tell the police that Sushant had a friend by the name of Saurabh who used to often visit the flat.However, he was not in the flat on June 14. \"But all the four boys in the flat on June 14 addressed me as Saurabh for reasons not known to me,\" the DIG quoted Dinesh as having told his interrogators. He also told the police he would identify Saurabh, the friend of Sushant, if he was brought before him.The police officer said all the six accused in the case were interrogated on camera. \"We will submit the video in the court,\" he said. Investigations so far have substantiated that the gang rape took place in the flat. \"Talks of another spot of occurrence are bunkum,\" the DIG said.The police earlier nabbed five accused in connection with the case. While two of them were sent to juvenile remand home as they claimed to be minors, the three others were remanded in police custody and sent to the Beur jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15346894", "title": "Industries set condition to play ball with govt", "text": "INDORE: At a time when the state government is gearing up for the forthcoming three-day Global Investors' summit slated from October 28 in Indore, industries have set condition to ensure their co-operation for the important event. Industrial sector have demanded that Rs 2 crore be released at the earliest. The amount, which was supposed to be used for patchwork of approach roads in industrial areas like Sanwer Road and Polo Ground, has been withheld by the industries department. The department feels that it would be better to go for full-fledged work, which is likely to begin in October rather than going for the patchwork.Also, the industrialists want small scale industries' corporation should be asked to clear map for industrial units on the recommendation of the district industries centre. The system was already in existence. However, it was removed recently by the state government causing a host of troubles for the industries.Moreover, the industries are opposing the Madhya Pradesh government decision to shift hearing of the matters related to industrial disputes to the courts of chief judicial magistrate (CJM). Currently, such disputes are handled by the labour courts.MP Association of Industries president Ashok Badjatya said, \"CJM's court normally deals with crime-related cases, which are different from the cases handled at the labour court. Industrialists find it difficult to attend the hearings at CJM's court. Hence, we have demanded the continuance of the old system of labour commissioner hearing labour disputes.\"He also demanded that the government must immediately repair the Sanwer Road and Pologround Road before the beginning of the global investors' summit, scheduled in Indore in October this year.The industrialists are likely to call on chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan in Bhopal later during the month.Ranjan Memani, vice-chairman, CII MP, said, \"There are certain issues like procedure and understanding of policy, which are likely to come up during the interaction with the CM on the day.\"The sector feels that in the absence of ESIC at Pithampur, labourers are compelled to visit ESI-approved hospitals in Nandanagar, which takes much of their energy and time. It is despite the fact that Pithampur Industrial Area is contributing a huge amount to the ESIC. Hence, the CII has decided to take up the issue with the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15347309", "title": "Poachers kill only rhino in 'forest man's' woods", "text": "NEW DELHI: Poachers killed a full-grown male rhinoceros inside a forest in Jorhat district, Assam. A forest department team found the carcass on Friday evening in the woods hand-reared by 'forest man of India' Jadav Payeng.\"I heard gunshots around 10am on Wednesday and immediately alerted the forest department. But nobody came until Thursday morning. It was the only rhino in my forest. I have lost him,\" Payeng told TOI amid sobs.Divisional forest officer (DFO) Naba Kumar Malakar confirmed the killing and said the team did not find any visible proof of poaching on Thursday despite combing the forest the whole day; the carcass was spotted only around 4pm on Friday, he said.\"The poachers sawed off the rhino horn and its nails. We have found holes in the hide, which look like bullet wounds, but until the postmortem happens, we cannot confirm if the animal was shot dead. It's already late today and the autopsy will happen only tomorrow,\" Malakar said.Ranger Pankaj Kalita said the difficulties in reaching the forest\u2014locally known as 'Molai Kathoni' (Molai's Woods) after Payeng's pet name Molai\u2014also hampered the search operation. But not everyone has been convinced by this \"explanation\". \"I had called up the forest office around 12pm on Wednesday when I learnt about the gunshots from Payeng. Why did it take four hours for the message to be relayed to the DFO? If they had acted with alacrity, they could have nabbed the poachers before they left the forest. Poachers were seen earlier in the forest and two of them had been arrested due to Payeng's timely information. Only if they had acted with a sense of urgency,\" said Jitu Kalita, Payeng's associate.This year's flood in Assam alone claimed 17 rhinos in Kaziranga National Park, with poachers adding two more to the tally last month. With this latest killing, the rhino death toll in the state has gone up to 20. That's an awful statistic for Assam that is the last home for the Indian rhino in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345014", "title": "First-gen students fight for bank loans", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite the Centre's directive to nationalized banks to extend educational loans to eligible candidates without any collateral, many banks are reluctant to do so, it has been revealed. This year, more than 100 first-generation students in the state who had scored more than 80% in their Class 12 examination and allotted seats in engineering colleges are struggling to get admission because banks have refused to provide them loans without a bona fide certificate from the college concerned, a city-based NGO revealed on Friday.D Sherin of Velicham, an NGO, said: \"Students attending engineering counselling have to pay an advance of 5,000. After the seat is allotted, the students have to pay the college fees within 15-20 days, failing which the seats are forfeited. Students also cannot apply for bank loans without bona fide certificates from colleges which provide the certificates only after the full annual fees is paid.\"A student from Thiruvallur, who scored 1121 of 1200 in the Class 12 examination, said: \"The college asked me to pay 72,000 before getting the loan and said it would give a bona fide certificate after paying the fees. But banks are not willing to provide loans without the certificate. So my parents have to borrow from private lenders with huge interest.\"\"Colleges should provide bona fide certificate immediately after admission to help students procure bank loans,\" Sherin said. \"Students allotted engineering or medical seats in counselling should be admitted in colleges and given time to get financial aid from the government. Some private colleges are charging more fees than that prescribed by the N V Balasubramanian committee.\"\"Many brilliant poor students are facing difficulties to get loans from banks and many of them attempt suicide,\" she said. Velicaham has set up a helpline (No. 9698151515) for those in distress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15347404", "title": "Chargesheet filed against 3 accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A detailed chargesheet against three out of the eight accused involved in the sensational kidney scam has been prepared and submitted in district courts, Mohali, for further scrutiny on Friday. The chargesheet submitted in court maintains, \"Manju Anand and her son Abhishek with the connivance of technician Sachin had transplanted the kidney of complainant Ikramudin in the body of a woman named Archna Goyal while testing the blood samples of her real brother Mukesh Chaudhary. Later, it revealed that Archna and Mukesh were fictitious names.\" The first chargesheet in the scam was filed against a technician with a leading private hospital, Sachin Kumar, beneficiary Abhishek and his mother Manju Anand. Accused had paid Rs 1 lakh to victim Ikramudin who later developed medical complications and reported the matter to police. Three accused are lodged in Patiala Central Jail in judicial custody. Police sources told TOI, \"Though clinching evidence was also found against two doctors of hospitals, names of these doctors are not included in the first chargesheet and their role is still being examined with the help of some medical experts.\" The kidney scam came to light in January and after conducting a four-month preliminary enquiry, an FIR was registered on May 7, 2012. The charges of violations of the Transplantation of Human Organs and Tissues Act were also included in the FIR. Five accused including Shakeel, Vikas, Amitabh, Archna and Mukesh Chaudhary are still absconding, and non-bailable warrants were obtained against Archna and Mukesh. The head of special investigation team, SP Swarandeep Singh, said, \"90 days after the registration of a criminal case in the scam are going to complete on August 7 and police is bound to file the chargesheet within 90 days. The supplementary chargesheet against other accused would be filed after their arrest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15346428", "title": "Donors club to clear false notions about organ donation", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The act of charity by a Christian family in the United Kingdom may rewrite the concept the Muslim community has about organ donation. The story has its genesis in a British family giving Puthur Rahman, a 56-year-old expatriate from Kottakkal, the life-saving gift of liver for transplantation.Rahman underwent the surgery at Kings College Hospital in London in February after battling a serious liver condition for ten years.\"The family of the deceased who donated the liver waited outside the operation theatre for 24 hours to know the result of my operation. They didn't leave their names or contact details. I couldn't even say thank you to those who saved my life. It was the highest form of charity,\" he said.Rahman, a top official in the government of Fujairah in the UAE, will launch an organ donors club in Kerala next month. He feels it's important to clear faith-related misconceptions about organ donation.On Wednesday, he held preliminary discussions with Panakkad Syed Hyderali Shihab Thangal about his plan. He said Thangal had been warm to the idea and had promised him he would consult other Islamic scholars on the issue to arrive at a consensus.\"There are some wrong perceptions about organ donation among some sections of the Muslim community. Though the vast majority of Islamic legal scholars have issued decrees in favour of organ donation, there are still misgivings in the community,\" he said.According to Rahman this could be the reason for the relatively low rates of organ donation and 'pledge' in the community.\"I would like to tackle the issue first at the religious level by creating awareness among members of the community that organ donation has full religious sanction. It would help people embrace the noble cause as the highest form of charity,\" he said.The lack of awareness in the community about organ donation became evident to him when he returned from London, he said.A person asked if it was religiously correct to receive organ from a Christian.\"I was initially taken aback. I told him I carried the blood of many Hindus who had donated blood for the operation and the liver was donated by the family of a Christian lady. I continue to be a devout Muslim as it is my belief that counts,\" he said, adding that it was often lack of awareness and not religious edicts that was behind misconceptions.Rahman, who is also a state committee member of the IUML and president of Kerala Muslim Cultural Centre (KMCC) UAE national committee, said he intended to rope in Panakkad Hyderali Shihab Thangal and other Muslim religious scholars for the launch of the organ donors club.Puthur Rahman, a 56-year-old expatriate from Kottakkal, will launch an organ donors club in Kerala next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345144", "title": "Two fall off trains and die, SRPF jawan run over", "text": "MUMBAI: Three men, including a State Reserve Protection Force jawan, were killed in train accidents on Friday.A resident of Borivli, Sachin Rawat (20) was travelling by a train when around 2am, he fell to the ground between Vasai and Nalasopara stations. He was taken to hospital where he was declared dead. A few hours later around 8am, a resident of Bhayander, Vikram Walakwade (47) boarded a crowded Churchgate-bound local at Bhayander. Even as the train pulled out, Walakavade tried to clutch onto a handle, but he failed to do so and slipped out of the local near the station.The SRPF jawan, Tatyasaheb Vaidya (35), who was crossing the tracks between Jogeshwari and Andheri, was run over by a train around 6.46am. He was a police naik with SRPF group 5 at Daund and currently posted at Jogeshwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15347096", "title": "CBSE floats 'open-book' exam, experts term it closed chapter", "text": "LUCKNOW: Memorising theorems, formulae and chemical reactions may soon become a part of history, as the Central Board of Secondary Education has decided to introduce 'open-book exam' concept for class X, XII students from academic session 2013-14. However, the term 'open-book' does not precisely mean that students will be allowed to carry textbooks inside the examination hall. Instead, CBSE's version of open-book means that students will be informed in advance (four months before the exam) about the chapters and paragraphs from which analytical questions would be asked.According to CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi, the new system would test 'higher order thinking skills' (HOTS) of students rather than relying on a rote-based methodology. The open-book idea put forth by the Union ministry of human resource development has, however, received strong resentment among the educationists and academicians.Implement it from Class I: Strongly opposing the 'open-book' exam policy, former chairman, CBSE, Ashok Ganguly said, \"Too much experimentation is going on these days in the name of school education. And every time, a new jargon is being used. If such changes have to come, they must be implemented from class I. Citing the example of Uttar Pradesh, the first state in the country to go for an open book examination, Ganguly said, \"It was introduced in 1985 in class IX and was an utter failure. The concept of open book is not new to India.\"State president, Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh, RP Mishra recalled how the open-book encouraged students in mass copying. \"Open book exam policy is well tried and tested. It led to mass copying and mass failure of students,\" Mishra said adding that any change, if implemented, should be done from class I. Academicians also highlighted that the system should encourage analytical learning and help students to have the basic knowledge of the subject and they should be able to understand the fundamentals.Is it really serious?: In literal terms, it will not be an open book exam. As detailed, the students will not be allowed to take their textbooks inside examination halls. Former director, National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT), Krishna Kumar said, \"If reforms in examination system have to take place, this one, for sure, doesn't carry a serious vision. The problem of mugging up rather than comprehension will remain unsolved. Hence, the total purpose of bringing the reforms stands defeated.\"Member, Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE), Om Prakash Sharma said, \"If students are informed in advance about the chapters that they will be tested on, how will it be different from the present pattern? Instead, it will only reduce the amount of learning and encourage casual behaviour in students.\"Quick reforms not welcome: CBSE needs to go on slow. Reform after reforms is not only troubling the students, but also the school teachers and principals. Though schools agree on making life stress-free for students, CBSE will have to put a full stop in bringing any more reforms. \"Schools are just coping up with the grading and Continuous Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE), and here comes another. Bringing in changes needs a proper training, and most important, the mental preparedness among the teachers, and students,\" said, Jawaid Alam Khan, CBSE coordinator, Lucknow.Here Ashok Ganguly added, \"We first need to find out ills of the present education system and only then talk about reformation. Instead of HOTS, we should focus on changing the very design of the assessment and question paper and typology of questions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15346335", "title": "Counselling for differently-abled to get seat for MBA course begins", "text": "COIMBATORE: Soon after the counselling for the MBA course had begun for the differently-abled on Friday at the Government College of Technology (GCT), T Rajkumar who ranked 4{+t}{+h} in the list was shocked to find out that he was denied admission in the college where he had completed his under-graduate degree. Each college has to reserve 3% of the seats for the differently-abled, including at lease one seat each for the visually challenged, hearing impaired and those having orthopedic handicaps.When his friend Satish Kumar pointed out that the seat for the visually impaired still needed to be filled, the authorities said that seats that fell vacant due to the absence of a candidate from a particular category, would be given to the general category.T Purushothaman, one of the coordinators for the counselling programme said that among the 40 differently-abled candidates who were called for counselling, 36 attended. Among them, two were visually impaired and 34 were orthopedically handicapped. Though one person from the hearing impaired category was called, he did not show up. Thus, the seats for the hearing and visually impaired will go to the general category.Like Rajkumar, there were several candidates who had braved their limitations and made it to the venue. M Azhagumariappan from Tirunelveli said that it was his dream to get an MBA degree. \"My family has been struggling to educate me all these years. I hope with an MBA degree I can get a job in Human Resource or Finance, and help support my family,\" he says. Like him, many had come to the venue on buses and trains travelling for nights together.Those who are more than 40% visually impaired and more than 50% hearing impaired are eligible for the seats reserved for the differently-abled. The counselling for the general and other categories will take place in the coming days, said an official. The counselling for the MBA courses will go on till August 17. The candidates are called based on their performance at the TANCET (Tamil Nadu Common Entrance Test). Around 11,118 persons have been called for the counseling. There are around 20,000 seats in the private and government colleges in the state for MBA. The counselling begins at 8am at GCT and ends at 5 or 6pm. Officials said that they have made arrangements for food and refreshments at the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "15345839", "title": "Crime branch arrests 2 in Balangir land scam", "text": "BALANGIR: Crime branch sleuths on Friday arrested the Agra-based Taj Gas company manager and supervisor, who were allegedly involved in grabbing the land of around 100 farmers in Patnagarh subdivision in Balangir district.The two accused, Debendra Tyagi (manager) and Ajaya Sharma (supervisor), were caught by a special team from Patnagarh a day after the officials began a probe into the scam. Both of them belong to Agra and they were working in Patnagarh on behalf of the company since registration of farmers' land in the company's name. \"We arrested the duo and remanded to judicial custody. Initially they were detained in police station for interrogation. We have got some information vital to unearth other aspects of the illegal land dealing\", said SP (crime branch) Duryodhan Rout.He said that CB sought detail information about the company dossier from the registrar of the company in Odisha. \"Whether the company is a fake one or whether it exists in a fictitious name, will be known after we get the list of registered companies and their memorandum and article of association\", said the SP. He further said that some officials of land registration and tehsil office are under scanner.When asked what the company intended to do with the lands, the SP said that the CB suspected availing of loans to the tune of some thousands crores. He said the land registration was done not in registrar office. The farmers never saw the registration officials, which is mandatory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15347277", "title": "Three die as train rams into auto", "text": "GUWAHATI: Three persons died on Friday when a passenger train ran hit an auto van at an unmanned railway crossing in the Khenapara area near Boko in Kamrup (rural) district. The deceased has been identified as Robin Rabha, Sofiqul Islam and Shantiram Boro.The incident took place when the Guwahati-bound Chilaray Express hit the auto as the vehicle was trying to cross the unmanned railway crossing hurriedly. The Northeast Frontier Railways (NFR) has denied to give any compensation to the victims for violating traffic traffic norms.\"We are going to seal the unmanned railway barricades though which vehicular movement is very less. The NFR will deploy people in crossing where there is an urgent need to do so,\" said a senior official of NF Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346779", "title": "Centre cuts gas supply to AP thermal units", "text": "HYDERABAD: At a time when the state is passing through an unprecedented power crisis, the Centre has reportedly cut the supply of gas to the thermal plants in the state.The cut, according to sources in the power sector, came into force on August 1. With this, the power generation has come down drastically by about 15%. Apparently, the Union petroleum ministry has cut the gas supply to the tune of about 2 mmscmd (Million standard cubic metre per day) and that the gas has been diverted to Dabhol power plant in Maharashtra.According to the sources, the gas was diverted to Dabhol as per a recommendation of the empowered group appointed in 2008. The group recommended that the Dabhol plant should be supplied gas on a par with fertilizer plants. In the priority list of gas supply, fertilizer plants occupy the top slot.Even though nobody bothered about the decision for four years, new Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde before leaving the power ministry two days ago is said to have asked petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy to implement the recommendation of the empowered group.Confirming the cut in the gas supply, Infrastructure and investment minister Ghanta Srinivasa Rao said the Centre has diverted about 2 MMSCMD. \"Already, due to inadequate supply of gas, the thermal plants are being run at 35% below their capacity. Now, with the recent cut, this will come down by another 15%,\" he said adding that a generation capacity of 20% could devastate the state.According to sources in the power sector, in terms of power generation, the cut in the gas supply would translate into a loss of 400 MW.The decision could have been put for some more time because of severe power crisis in the state. \"The implementation of the decision has been pending for four years. Therefore, they could have waited till the situation in AP improved,\" Ghanta told TOI.Meanwhile, an upset chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has decided to convene a high level meeting after his return from Bangalore.The gas supply cut is will have a serious impact on the state's economy if hydel generation does not improve with the monsoon rains, said sources in the energy department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15347816", "title": "CRPF constable injured in rebel ambush", "text": "DALTONGANJ: A head constable of the 134th battalion of the CRPF, Shanker Lal Yadav, was injured in a Maoist ambush between Taal and Nawadeeh under Panki police station on Friday.Confirming this, the DIG CRPF, B K Sharma, said the head constable was hit by a gun shot in his calf muscle. He was taken to the Sadar Hospital. Quoting doctors, Sharma said Yadav's condition is stable.\"Yadav was, however, not injured in the blast which the Maoists triggered,\" he clarified. The rebels had set off a land mine blast along with the firing.According to the DIG, the CRPF troops moved towards Taal, Amwahee and Nawadeeh and were on foot when the troops detected wires in the grass.Sharma said the troops found eight improvised explosive devices. Out of these eight land mines, six were in pressure cookers of three-litre capacity. Two other land mines were in cylinders. Before the IEDs could be neutralized, a volley of shots rang in the air. The jawans retaliated and the encounter stopped around 3 in the afternoon. It was in this firing that the head constable was injured.There is no word of casualty yet from the Maoist camp. However, the DIG CRPF, quoting his men, said two of the Maoists were seen being carried away by their cadres. He said the CRPF also used rocket launchers, which unnerved the Maoists to a great extent.Palamu DIG Parvin K Singh rushed to Panki and said the firing was intermittent and not heavy after the initial round.The DIG reiterated that had the cops not been on foot and cautious enough, there could have been serious trouble as the IEDs were pretty powerful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15349387", "title": "Spurt in robberies, attacks on trucks drivers on state highways", "text": "MUMBAI: The brutal killing of truck drivers by robbers/hijackers on the highways has increased ten-fold to about 2,000 incidents in the past couple of years. This was revealed in a memorandum submitted to state home minister R R Patil by the All-India Motor Transport Congress president Bal Malkit Singh.The memorandum also mentioned that \"the rate of recovery, detention, or punishment of culprits has fallen drastically from almost 85 percent to 25 percent in the last decade.\"\"The figures itself are testimony to the fact that our highways are fast becoming criminal dens in spite of the government's claim that it has increased spending on highways safety and security,'' it stated.Singh told TOI : \"Patil gave us a patient hearing and said he assured more police patrol on highways to prevent robberies and attacks on drivers.\" Singh said his association brought to the notice of Patil incidents of attacks on the Pune-Satara Road, Solapur by-pass, Ahmednagar and Shivpur-Mumbai road.\"The area between Pune and Shivpur is infested with criminal gangs who follow the trucks in their cars, get into the trucks and loot the drivers. Such incidents are not isolated ones as increasing number of vehicles from south India are being targeted by these gangs lately,'' he said.\"The gangs are more active during the night time -- from 11 pm to 5 am,'' he stated. \"We have also learnt from our transporters that the police often refuse to register the FIR and most cases go unreported and criminals go scot free. We, therefore, requested the home minister to intervene in the matter and ensure that truckers ply safely on the highways,'' he added. Sources in Patil's office said the minister would look into the demands made by the transporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15345761", "title": "Police earn lakhs after sun film ban", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore city police have booked 4,150 cases against vehicles having sun film within two months of a Supreme Court-ordered ban. The court on Friday upheld its order and said police not acting on its order would face contempt-of-court action.\"We have booked 4,150 cases against vehicles having tinted glasses and collected Rs 3,74,100 as fine,\" police sources informed TOI.\"Similarly, we booked 55,219 cases this year up to July 31 and collected Rs 45,35,900 as fine from traffic offenders. We booked 8,424 cases and collected Rs 9,64,100 as fine in June and July using the 16 BlackBerry handsets issued to us,\" they added.The Supreme Court had banned the use of dark sun film on car glasses from May 4. According to Rule 100 (2) of the Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989, the windscreen and the rear windows should have a visual light transmission (VLT) of not less than 70%. For the side windows, minimum visibility should be 50%. Even cloth curtains are not allowed.Police on June 6 started acting against vehicles having sun film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "15344781", "title": "Teen thrown in Ganga by parents, lives", "text": "DEHRADUN: A 13-year-old girl has filed a police complaint against her parents for allegedly throwing her into the Ganga canal at Haridwar, from where she swam to safety, police said on Friday.Seema Kumari stated in her complaint against her father and stepmother that they threw her into the Ganga canal on Wednesday night. The girl, who hails from Uttar Pradesh, said she was brought to Haridwar by her parents under the pretext of celebrating raksha bandhan.However, when they were near the canal, they threw her in and assuming she was dead, left for home.Kumari swam to safety and spent the night in a sadhu's cottage. The police have filed a case of attempt to murder and launched a hunt to track down the parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15346173", "title": "Mother of accident victim cries foul play, demands inquiry", "text": "COIMBATORE: The mother of a 23-year-old woman, who died in a road mishap at Kanuvai on Wednesday, had petitioned cops on Thursday, suspecting foul play in the death of her daughter. She asked for a detailed inquiry, suspecting a building owner of causing the accident.M Shanmugapriya, a native of Thammampatti in Salem district, was residing at Kanuvai along with her father Mani, a truck driver, mother Mallika and brother Santhoshkumar, a polytechnic college student. Mani was a truck driver who worked for Anburaj in Kanuvai for two and half years. He had quit his job six months ago. Shanmugapriya was running a fibre optical door making unit at a rented premises owned by Anburaj. She was run over by a water tanker owned by Anburaj on August 1, while she was waiting at a bus stop in Thudiyalur to send off her friend. The victim's mother Mallika had lodged a petition with SP ES Uma, suspecting foul play behind the accident. In her petition, she stated that her daughter was knocked down by truck driver Sathish who worked under Anburaj.\"My daughter's business was doing well until Anburaj asked her to take a loan on his behalf. But she refused to do so. She did not pay the shop rent for the last four months and Anburaj had shut down the shop on 25 July. She lodged a complaint with Thudiyalur police and the problem was settled. Meanwhile my daughter died in the road mishap and I suspected the incident to be a planned murder,\" said Mallika.\"We had planned to vacate the shop and move elsewhere after the settlement,\" she said. Mallika demanded a detailed probe into the matter, but police denied the charges and said that there was no foul play in the accident. However, they have received the petition and promised to conduct a detailed inquiry into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15350184", "title": "SBI invites application for 7000 clerical posts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The State Bank of India has invited applications from eligible candidates for appointment in clerical cadre in its associate banks.The applications have been invited for a written test, which will have objective type questions of general awareness, general English, quantitative aptitude, reasoning and marketing aptitude/computer knowledge.The bank aims to fill up 7000 vacancies across the country.Candidates can apply in one bank of a particular state and will have to appear for written test from a centre of that particular state.The on-line registration started from July 30 and will conclude on August 13, 2012. The payment of fees online can be made between August 1 and August 17, 2012.The SBI may conduct written test on more than two dates, if required and the dates of written examinations are October 7 and October 14, 2012.Candidates can get more information on https://www.sbi.co.in/user.htm?action=sbiabclenglish", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347340", "title": "Internet protocol surveillance system awaits home dept's nod", "text": "PUNE: A proposal to install an internet protocol (IP) surveillance system, comprising 302 pan-tilt-zoom and box-type cameras, across 100 strategic locations in the city is gathering dust in the Mantralaya, two years after it was submitted by the city police.The 24x7 closed-circuit television (CCTV) system, at the same time, was meant to serve several purposes from maintaining law and order to detecting and preventing crime and controlling vehicular traffic.The 'modern traffic control with internet protocol surveillance system' or the IP surveillance system is a digitized, networked version of the CCTV system. In an IP surveillance system, a camera records video footage and the resulting content is distributed over an internet protocol network.In 2010, senior police officers from the traffic department carried out a survey during which 100 spots were identified where 302 CCTV cameras were to be installed. The footage from these cameras was to be transmitted to the traffic control and the main control room in Pune police commissionerate. The system was to be installed at an estimated cost of Rs 12 crore.An officer, who was part of the survey team, said the system was being used in the US. \"It works on a special router or wireless system,\" he added.A former officer from the traffic department said the proposal has been pending with the state home department since 2010. \"The Pune police authorities had readied the proposal on behalf of the director general of police, who sent it to the home department,\" he said.The officer said the proposal was approved by the state government and the funds were also sanctioned. \"After the bidding and tendering processes, as well as the issuance of the request for proposals, the DGP office realized that, as per a government circular of 2001, an approval from the IT department was necessary for the project. Therefore, the documents were sent to the home department so that it could refer them to the IT department. However, the proposal is still with the home department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15344729", "title": "Woman found murdered in Chennai theatre", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of a 65-year-old woman, with strangulation marks around the neck, was found tied up in a sack dumped in a water tank at Kasi theatre in Jafferkhanpet neat KK Nagar on Friday evening. The evening and night shows were cancelled.Police said the body of Parvathi (60), a resident of Jafferkhanpet who was a sweeper in the theatre for past three years, was found after a cleaning woman experienced a foul smell emanating from a water tank on the third floor and alerted theatre officials.Police rushed there and sent the body for postmortem to the Government Royapettah Hospital. A case of murder was registered. Police said they suspect the woman was done to death due to personal enmity.\"Her son Murugan had earlier lodged a complaint with the MGR police saying his mother was missing since Wednesday,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15344721", "title": "25% of babies in 9 states underweight", "text": "In a wide swathe of nine states in northern, central and eastern India where nearly half of the country's population lives, a whole generation of condemned children is currently growing up. About a quarter of the children born in these states in 2010-11 were under-weight, that is, less than 2.5 kgs in weight at the time of birth. In some states like Rajasthan, the proportion was as high as 39 percent with Jharkhand not far behind with about 36 percent children born underweight. In Madhya Pradesh and UP about 28 percent of newborns are underweight while in Bihar and Odisha about 22 percent fall in this category.This chilling data is contained in the voluminous results of the Annual Health Survey (AHS) conducted by the Census office in 284 districts of Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand.As expected, in all the surveyed states, share of underweight newborn babies is more in rural areas than in urban areas. In Jharkhand the urban rate is 32 percent compared to a rural rate of 39 percent. In Rajasthan, the urban rate of underweight newborns is 31 percent which soots up to a shocking 42 percent in rural areas. In UP, Chhattisgarh, Bihar and assam there is hardly any notable difference between underweight rates in rural and urban areas.The proportion of underweight newborns is likely to be much higher than reported because only a fraction of newborns are weighed at birth, says Amit Sengupta, co-convenor of Jan Swasthya Abhiyan, a public health advocacy movement. On an average only about half of the newborns are weighed at birth in these states according to data in the AHS results. In two of the poorest states, UP and Bihar, only 26 percent and 32 percent of newborns respectively, were weighed.\"Those delivering at home, or in ill-equipped primary facilities are likely not to have their babies weighed. Most of these people will be from poorer and uneducated sections. So, their babies are more likely to be underweight,\" explained Sengupta.In India, according to the last estimation done in the National Family and Health Survey (NFHS)-III in 2005-06, the national average for underweight newborns was 22 percent. Results of the recent AHS show that except for Chhattisgarh, all the other eight states are still above this mark, almost six years after the NFHS III. The proportion of underweight newborns is less than 5 percent in developed countries.The main cause for underweight newborns is maternal malnutrition. This is not just restricted to the pregnancy period, according to child health experts.\"Chronic malnutrition amongst girl children leading to stunting leading to low-birthweight is the pathway for the so called intergenerational propagation of malnutrition,\" says Vandana Prasad, a pediatrician and health activist.Underweight babies suffer inherently higher risks of malnutrition, disease and death in childhood because their tiny bodies are already compromised, says Prasad.\"Every aspect of the child's development and growth including intellectual development is adversely affected,\" she adds.Perhaps, better nutrition in life now will help these babies compensate for their disadvantage? Unlikely, says Amit Sengupta because several studies have shown that children who are malnourished and have access to adequate nutrition later in life, are more likely to be obese and suffer from diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15346417", "title": "Saligao man injured in accident", "text": "Calangute: A scooter rider from Saligao, Laxman Korgaonkar, was knocked down by a speeding four-wheeler near the Saligao market and received head injuries on Thursday morning. The Calangute police said that the vehicle was proceeding from Pilerne towards Mapusa. The rider was hospitalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15347698", "title": "Pre-school kids molested in China town, probe ordered", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese police is investigating the case of three pre-school girls, allegedly molested and raped by the manager of the school. The incident has brought to focus an emerging trend of violation of girl students in Chinese schools despite warnings from the Communist Party .The little girls were brought to Beijing on Wednesday for medical tests after repeated requests from their parents, sources said. But it may be too late for doctors to carry out proper investigations because the alleged crime took place weeks back.Parents of the little girls had reported their suspicion to the police way back on July 4, according to a report in the Metropolis Daily. The police in Lanfang city in Hebei said in an Internet posting on Wednesday that the suspect, 63-year-old school manager, Yang Chengjie, was detained under suspicion in mid-July .The incident came to light after six volunteers including lawyers from Beijing visited Langfang and brought the girls, aged 3-5 , to the Beijing Children's Hospital for medical examination. \"Six girls' parents asked us for legal aid, but only three girls came with us,\" Yu Liying, administrative director from Impact Law Firm told the local media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15347216", "title": "Rs 10-15 crore spent on cloud-seeding", "text": "JAIPUR: China successfully carried out cloud seeding during the Beijing Olympics in 2008. In India, rainfall was first induced through cloud seeding in Sholapur, Maharashtra. The exercise has yielded desired results at many places around the world, even though a section of experts are skeptical about the process. The aircraft used for the purpose is a specially designed plane for which the company has taken the help of of Bangalore-based Agni Aero Sports, which has previously worked in states like Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka for cloud-seeding.Although company officials are not giving the details of the cost involved in the venture, experts say expenditure is estimated to be around Rs 10-15 crore, depending on the number of days the seeding takes place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15345611", "title": "Villagers stone collector's convoy", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The convoy of Gadchiroli collector Abhishek Krishna, who had come investigate allegations of illegal mining against Karnataka Emta coal mine near Bhadrawati, was attacked by angry Baranj villagers on Thursday afternoon. The villagers spared the collector's vehicle but pelted stones at other vehicles carrying mine officials and other government officials.Village patwari Vinod Khobragade had recently filed a complaint with the revenue minister that Karnataka Emta mines is doing illegal excavation. He also said the company was evading tax in collusion with senior officials from the revenue department. Khobargade accused collector, district mining officer, Warora SDO and Bhadrawati tehsildar of irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15345385", "title": "Now, all disabled soldiers to get disability pension", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh branch of the military tribunal on Friday ruled that all disabled soldiers, irrespective of the fact their career was cut short or they continued in the defence service, will be eligible for the disability pension.The benefits of disability pension as per the orders would be applicable on all those who became physically challenged on or after January 1, 1996.Disabled soldiers who retired prior to 1996 would also get the pension but their benefits would be counted only from January 1, 1996.Delivering the landmark verdict, division bench of the tribunal comprising judicial member Justice N P Gupta and administrative member Lt Gen NS Brar held that every person who retires or is discharged in 'low medical category', will get disability pension.As of now, only those were eligible for this pension whose service was cut short due to disability and those disabled, who continued their service till mandatory period of retirement, were not eligible.The orders have been passed by the bench after disposing of a number of petitions filed by various disabled soldiers.The decision came on Friday after two days of arguments on the matter.During the hearing, counsel for the central government Captain Sandeep Bansal has taken the stand that disability pension should not be applicable in cases where the defence personnel had completed his terms of engagement and there has been no loss of employment.However, the petitioners seeking uniformity in applicability of the policy argued that disabled soldiers, who continued in services, could not be deprived of disability pension.While disposing of the petition, bench of the military tribunal relied on a judgment given by Supreme Court in a case titled Capt K J S Buttar vs Union of India in which the apex court had decided a similar issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344915", "title": "As H1N1 virus affects youngsters, it's time to be alert", "text": "MUMBAI: The spread of H1N1 virus this monsoon among youngsters has made medical experts to sound an alert and not dismiss it as one of those ailments of the rainy season. Statewide this year, H1N1 has claimed 35 lives and 40% of those who died were youngsters. In the city, the count this year has already reached 225 with 36% of those afflicted in the less than 35-year age group.The city too saw a 19-year-old boy from Chembur falling victim to the virus. Around 14% of the positive cases are children and some even less than one year of age. Last year, only six people from the city had tested positive with no deaths reported. But experts reckon that there is no need to panic and all that has to be done is push the vigilance meter up by several notches.Till the showers began, experts and researchers thought the H1N1 influenza, loosely referred to as swine flu , had run its course and will now continue to circulate as seasonal virus. But cases started pouring in as rains started and increased from 35 in June to 151 in July, an increase of 300%. In the first few days of August, 21 people have already tested positive. An expert from Kasturba Hospital said that people from almost every age group are getting the infection, though it is slightly higher among the working population for obvious reasons.NIV director Dr A C Mishra called it a behavioural pattern of the virus and nothing more. \"Any influenza peaks in monsoon and dies down gradually. So far, there have been no mutations or any change that could explain the incidence this year,\" he said. Dr Om Srivastava, an Infectious diseases consultant with Jaslok Hospital, said it is time for citizens to become alert but not panic. \"We are surely better equipped now to diagnose as well as treat,\" he said.But Srivastava cautioned that patients should not take the infection lightly. He recounted an incident where one of his patients had tested positive and even advised the antiviral course. But the patient did not start the medication till the next day. \"This way the person runs a risk of complicating his condition as well as infecting others,\" he said, adding even physicians need to be alert and sensitised about the renewed circulation of the virus.BMC executive health officer Dr Arun Bamne said that doctors from both municipal and private hospitals will be sensitised about the symptoms and screening protocols. It was observed that in all four deaths in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, including the one in Mumbai, none of the patients were initially suspected of the viral infection. All the patients were shifted in and out of at least two hospitals and treated by private physicians before they lost their lives.While the civic system may be geared to tackle any unexpected turn in the behaviour of the virus, Srivastava said those from vulnerable population like children less than 5 years of age, adults more than 65 years, pregnant women and those with chronic medical or immunosuppressive conditions have to remain alert. \"Vaccines and medicines are available. It is only a question of seeking help in time,\" he said.Who Needs To Be Tested* Category C PatientsSymptoms: Mild fever (below 100\u00b0F), cough, throat irritation, bodyache, headache , diarrhoea and vomitingSwab Collection: Not recommendedTreatment: Regular drugs, reassessment after 24 hours* Category B patientsSymptoms: High fever (above 100\u00b0F), severe sore throat, running noseSwab Collection: Only for patients with associated illnesses like diabetes , hypertension, high blood pressureTreatment: Oseltamivir* Category A patientsSymptoms: High fever, runny nose, breathlessness, chest pain, haemoptysis (coughing blood), hypotension (low BP), bluish discolouration of nails, irritation and drowsiness in childrenSwab collection: All patientsTreatment: OseltamivirPrecautions* Cover mouth and nose with handkerchief or tissue while sneezing or coughing* Wash hands often with soap or use alcohol-based sanitizer* Drink plenty of water and eat nutritious food, get eight hours of sleep* Maintain distance from H1N1 patients, if anyone at home* Avoid touching eyes, nose or mouth after sneezing or coughing* Do not self-medicate, see a physician as soon as symptoms showTesting Centres* Kasturba Hospital: The testing has to be recommended by a physicianCharges: Free* Haffkine Research Institute, Parel: Patients can walk-in and avail of the testing facilityCharges: Free* Super Religare Laboratories: Patients can walk in and avail of the testing facilityCharges: Rs 4,500Treatment OptionsInjectable trivalent vaccine (advised for all age groups above 2 years): Starts from Rs 600 and could cost up to Rs 1,200Nasal spray flu vaccine (advised for all age groups above 3 years): costs Rs 790 for 5 dose vial.Bad AreasBandra (W), Powai, Andheri (W), Vikhroli, MaladThe Numbers218Positive cases in Mumbai between April and August1Death in Mumbai between April and August517Positive cases in state between April and August26Deaths in state between April and August", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346888", "title": "Nine employees of Gariahat BPO held", "text": "KOLKATA: Nine persons of a call centre in Gariahat on the southern fringes of the city were arrested on Friday after trouble broke out between the employees and the management reportedly over salary. The accused were released on bail after being produced in court.Nine persons of a BPO were arrested by police following a trouble broke out at the call center at Gariahat area in south Kolkata. Police said that for quite few days, a trouble was going on between the employees and the management of a call center located at Hindustan Road.Employees of the organization, located at Hindustan Road, lodged a complaint with police on Thursday, stating that members of the management had tried to molest the female employees and misbehaved with them. On the basis of the complaint, three of the accused were rounded up on Friday.The owners of the company, on the other hand, lodged a counter complaint against the employees accusing them of assaulting the owners and other staffers. Following the counter complaint, six employees were arrested. All the nine accused were booked under bailable charges. \"The management was booked under Section 354 (molestation), 509 (intimidation) and the employees were booked for manhandling and threatening people,\" said an officer that the members of the management of the company have attempted to molest the female employees and also misbehaved with them. Following the complaint cops rounded up three accused management staffs in the wee hours of Friday.Meanwhile the owners of the company also lodged a counter complaint against the employees that the workers have assaulted the owners and other staffs and threatened them. On the basis of the counter complaint six employees were arrested and all of these nine were booked under bailable charges.\" The management staffs were booked under section 354 (molestation) 509(intimidation) and the employees were booked for manhandling and threatening people,\" said an officer. Probe revealed that the trouble broke out between the owners and the employees over salary. The employees alleged that the management was not paying them in proper time what triggered the problem. All nine were released on bail after production before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15347367", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation blames monsoon over faulty composting", "text": "NASHIK: The NMC, which has been unable to run the compost plant efficiently, had made plans to privatize the unit and is now blaming the plant's poort functioning on the monsoon.Officials claim that the compost plant is unable to convert garbage into compost due to technical glitches owing to the monsoon. Engineers at the plant say that they are taking all precautions to ensure that the rotting garbage does not pose health hazards but also say they are helpless about the composting process.The garbage that reaches the compost plant is not converted into compost during the monsoon due to technical difficulties.\"For composting, we need to maintain 30% humidity in the machine. In the rainy season, the humidity goes to 100% while composting. Before composting, the garbage starts to rot due to the rain and it begins to stink. We also cannot screen the garbage in the monsoon because the screening machine needs only 10% moisture. Even if it is just cloudy, there is humidity which hinders the composting process,\" said an engineer.The Nashik Municipal Corporation's Waste Management Project (compost plant), near Octroi Naka at Mumbai-Agra highway is incurring an annual loss of Rs 2-3 crore but the NMC says that it is still continuing with the project as an obligatory duty to process waste. The project under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) has been sanctioned Rs 67 crore.The hiccups notwithstanding, the NMC is now thinking of privatizing the compost plant. Not long ago, the NMC had got a sanction for its prestigious waste to energy management project in collaboration with the German government. Gesellschaft fur Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ), the German agency for international co-operation, owned by the German federal government was to fund the project.The project estimated to cost around Rs 7 crore has been sanctioned by the state government. The energy generated from bio-waste would help the NMC to the RDF (refuse-derived fuel) project, a senior official said.The bio-waste will also include waste from hotels and restaurants in additiona to waste collected from urban households. \"But things did not materialize and the general body rejected the proposal,\" the NMC's standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said. But NMC officials say that through modern technology a single plant would be constructed to carry out composting and conversion to energy by a private agency. \"A garden would be constructed on remaining patch of land, \" an official added.Garbage Tales 50 ragpickers 70 waste collection workers 125 garbage vans, 50 more proposed 300-350 ton garbage collected everydayCompost sold to farmers fetches Rs 40-50 lakhsMaintenance of the plant amounts to Rs 3 croresRs 67 crore sanctioned under JNNURM for solid waste management", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350643", "title": "Allergic people less prone to brain tumour", "text": "New research has added to the growing body of evidence suggesting that there's a link between allergies and reduced risk of a serious type of cancer that starts in the brain.A new study has suggested that the reduced risk is stronger among women than men, although men with certain allergy profiles also have a lower tumour risk.The study also strengthens scientists' belief that something about having allergies or a related factor lowers the risk for this cancer.Since these tumours, called glioma, have the potential to suppress the immune system to allow them to grow, researchers have never been sure whether allergies reduce cancer risk or if, before diagnosis, these tumors interfere with the hypersensitive immune response to allergens.Scientists conducting this study were able to analyze stored blood samples that were taken from patients decades before they were diagnosed with glioma. Men and women whose blood samples contained allergy-related antibodies had an almost 50 percent lower risk of developing glioma 20 years later compared to people without signs of allergies.\"This is our most important finding,\" Judith Schwartzbaum, associate professor of epidemiology at Ohio State University and lead author of the study, said.\"The longer before glioma diagnosis that the effect of allergies is present, the less likely it is that the tumor is suppressing allergies. Seeing this association so long before tumor diagnosis suggests that antibodies or some aspect of allergy is reducing tumor risk.\"It could be that in allergic people, higher levels of circulating antibodies may stimulate the immune system, and that could lower the risk of glioma.\"Absence of allergy is the strongest risk factor identified so far for this brain tumour, and there is still more to understand about how this association works,\" Schwartzbaum said.Many previous studies of the link between allergies and brain tumour risk have been based on self-reports of allergy history from patients diagnosed with glioma.However, no previous studies have had access to blood samples collected longer than 20 years before tumour diagnosis.The current study also suggested that women whose blood samples tested positive for specific allergy antibodies had at least a 50 percent lower risk for the most serious and common type of these tumours, called glioblastoma.This effect for specific antibodies was not seen in men. However, men who tested positive for both specific antibodies and antibodies of unknown function had a 20 percent lower risk of this tumour than did men who tested negative.Schwartzbaum and colleagues were granted access to specimens from the Janus Serum Bank in Norway. The bank contains samples collected from citizens during their annual medical evaluations or from volunteer blood donors for the last 40 years.Norway also has registered all new cases of cancer in the country since 1953, and personal identification numbers enable cross-referencing those cases with previously collected blood samples.The researchers analyzed stored samples from 594 people who were diagnosed with glioma (including 374 diagnosed with glioblastoma) between 1974 and 2007. They matched these samples for date of blood collection, age and sex with 1,177 samples from people who were not diagnosed with glioma for comparison.They measured the blood samples for levels of two types of proteins called IgE, or immunoglobulin E. This is a class of antibodies produced by white blood cells that mediate immune responses to allergens.Two classes of IgE participate in the allergic response: allergen-specific IgE, which recognizes specific components of an allergen, and total IgE, which recognizes these components but also includes antibodies with unknown functions.In each sample, the scientists determined whether the serum contained elevated levels of IgE specific to the most common allergens in Norway as well as total IgE. The specific respiratory allergens included dust mites; tree pollen and plants; cat, dog and horse dander; and mold.They then conducted a statistical analysis to estimate the association between elevated concentrations of allergen-specific IgE and total IgE and the risk of developing glioma.Among women, testing positive for elevated levels of allergen-specific IgE was associated with a 54 per cent decreased risk of glioblastoma compared to women who tested negative for allergen-specific IgE. The researchers did not see this association in men.However, the relation between total IgE levels and glioma risk was not different for men and women, statistically speaking. For men and women combined, testing positive for elevated total IgE was linked to a 25 per cent decreased risk of glioma compared with testing negative for total IgE.The analysis for effects on glioblastoma risk alone suggested a similar decreased risk for both men and women combined whose samples tested positive for high levels of IgE, but the findings were considered borderline in terms of statistical significance, meaning the association could also be attributed to chance.The study has been published online in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15345068", "title": "Tempo runs over 2 women on way to relative\u2019s funeral", "text": "THANE: Two women from a family, who had come from Baroda for their relative's funeral, were crushed under the wheels of a tempo at Vasant Vihar junction in Thane (W) on Friday.Ganga Puldiya (50) and Jaywanti Solanki (45) were crossing the road when the tempo came speeding from the Hiranandani Meadows direction and ran them over before hitting an autorickshaw. Tempo driver Amol Ramrao Kamble (25), who was later arrested, claimed that he lost control of his vehicle owing to a sudden brake failure.Jaywanti, along with Ganga and another relative, had stepped out of Tuslidham Housing Society to buy flowers for the funeral of her brother Ramesh Solanki (72) who died on Thursday. \"The tempo, ferrying bottled water, hurtled down. On losing control of the vehicle, the driver, Kamble, tried to manoeuvre it to the right towards Vasant Vihar but knocked down the two women, who got entangled in the right rear wheel. The women were dragged a few meters before the tempo crashed into an auto,\" said ACP Vijay More. He added the auto was damaged and its driver, Ashok Mishra, suffered injuries to his ears and head.According to a resident, none in the women's family was informed about the deaths till late. \"The relative who was with the two will break the news after Ramesh's body is taken for cremation,\" said the neighbour, Vishnu Tiwari. \"Their bodies were sent to the Thane civil hospital.\"A crowd, which gathered on the spot, had an argument with the police, accusing them of neglecting the busy junction. \"Passersby pointed at a potholed stretch, which often led to mishaps as motorists would try to cut lanes to avoid the craters. The demand for the construction of a circle at the junction has been falling on deaf ears and the locals blamed it for fatal accidents,\" a shopkeeper told TOI.Cops blamed the incomplete road work for the mishap. \"The Thane corporation has widened Glady Alvares Road but the stretch between roads from Hiranandani Meadows to Vasant Vihar junction has been left unattended. Half the street is taken up by vendors and vehicles have to thread their way during peak hours,\" a traffic cop told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15349608", "title": "NTR to shoot action scenes in Bangkok", "text": "Young tiger Jr NTR will be leaving to Bangkok on August 8 for shooting action sequences for his forthcoming movie Baadshah. Director Sreenu Vaitla will film canon blasting scenes and other action episodes on NTR in this short schedule. The actor recently wrapped up Switzerland and Italy schedule during which the unit filmed scenes and songs on NTR and Kajal.Producer Bandla Ganesh said that Baadshah would release in January 2013 for Sankranthi, and the audio release would be in month of December. He's also ready to shell out a whopping to have Akon on board and it'll be interesting to see how things shape up on this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345039", "title": "SC upholds permanent Lok Adalats and their binding decrees", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday upheld the constitutional validity of the law setting up permanent Lok Adalats and stipulating the binding nature of their decrees arrived through a compromise struck between parties who were litigating on disputes over public services.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave dismissed a 10-year-old writ petition filed by Bar Council of India (BCI), the regulatory body for advocates, challenging the validity of the 2002 amendment to the Legal Services Authorities Act, 1987, which provided setting up of such people-friendly adjudicatory forums which attempted to strike a compromise between parties to save them time and money spent on litigation.The highlights of the 2002 amendment were:* the Permanent Lok Adalat shall exercise jurisdiction in respect of one or more public utility service such as transport services of passengers or goods by air, road and water, postal, telegraph or telephone services, supply of power, light or water to the public by any establishment, public conservancy or sanitation, services in hospitals or dispensaries, and insurance services* the pecuniary jurisdiction of the Permanent Lok Adalat shall be up to Rupees ten lakh. However, the central government may increase the said pecuniary jurisdiction from time to time. It shall have no jurisdiction in respect of any matter relating to an offence not compoundable under any law* every award made by the Permanent Lok Adalat shall be final and binding on all the parties thereto and shall be by a majority of the persons constituting the Permanent Lok Adalat.The bench said, \"By not making applicable the Code of Civil Procedure and the statutory provisions of the Indian Evidence Act, there is no compromise on the quality of determination of dispute since the Permanent Lok Adalat has to be objective, decide the dispute with fairness and follow the principles of natural justice. Sense of justice and equity continue to guide the Permanent Lok Adalat while conducting conciliation proceedings or when the conciliation proceedings fail, in deciding a dispute on merit.\"The apex court said non-provision for appeal against the decision of the Permanent Lok Adalat did not render the Act unconstitutional since the right to appeal was a statutory right and not a fundamental right.Rejecting the plea for a provision to appeal against Lok Adalat's decision in the high courts, the court said, \"No appeal is provided from the award passed by the Permanent Lok Adalat but that, in our opinion, does not render the impugned provisions unconstitutional.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15346330", "title": "Subsidies slashed, investment falls", "text": "COIMBATORE: Sustainable energy has been the talk of the town ever since global warming upped the temperature in seminar halls. But do policy wonks walk the talk?A year after the state peaked in attracting investment in windmills, there has been sharp decline in the flow of funds into the sector. Wind energy producers blame the shift in trend to some of the policy decisions announced by the Centre in recent months.K Kasthurirangian, chairman, Indian Wind Power Association, says investment last financial year upped wind power generation by 3,200MW across the country. This year saw a sharp decline in fund flow: capacity has been augmented by just about 207MW.The main cause for deceleration in investment in wind power is the withdrawal of incentives given to producers, according to Kasthurirangian. The Centre has been giving 80 per cent of accelerated depreciation to the wind power producers. This would mean subsidies that allowed domestic firms to save the costs incurred in the maintenance of windmills through tax savers and enabled them to invest in new windmills. Foreign firms were given a subsidy of 50 paise per unit produced, said Kasthurirangian.However, the Union government scrapped these incentives from April 1 this year which has acted as dampener for investors. Kasthurirangian argues that energy requirement is likely to grow at 10% every year and new power generation infrastructure needs to be built at the rate of 10% to 14%.Tamil Nadu used to buy private wind power at Rs3.39 per unit which has now been raised to Rs 3.51, whereas Maharashtra pays Rs5.75 per unit. Producers have been demanding at least Rs 5 per unit, which the state government has not heeded.Kasthurirangian added that the wind power association is in talks with the ministry of new and renewable energy, the planning commission and the finance committee to facilitate policy changes that would encourage investors and increase power generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15347514", "title": "AMC wakes up, tries to stop damage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Almost a week after The Times of India alerted everyone about the illegal construction in the 400-yearold palace built by Shah Jahan, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) finally served notices to Sardar Vallbhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS) to stop all construction at the Moti Shahi palace in Shahibaug.The central zone office of the AMC admitted that the society had not taken any permission from the civic body prior to constructing new additions at the palace.\"Our central zone deputy town development officer (TDO) Nilesh Baranda had visited the site in the morning and asked the society to stop all construction activity. A notice is also served. The society has created extra commercial space and shafts for elevators which is unlawful,\" says deputy municipal commissioner I K Patel.Even though the AMC claimed that it had stopped work, TOI found continuing construction work throughout Friday at the palace premises. Work was focused on the basement room renovation and the elevator shaft. The trust plans additional space \u2014 a cafeteria, art gallery and interactive art galleries. The trust did not take permissions under sections 253 and 254 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation Act, 1949, and section 27 of the Gujarat Town Planning and Urban Development Act.Besides this, the society had to submit an undertaking to AMC made by their structural engineer that the new additions were structurally safe. What is appalling is that even structural engineer Vijay Shah employed by the society does not own up the additional construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350612", "title": "Stewart's scandal won't affect Twilight", "text": "While the entire world thinks that walking the red carpet together will be the most awkward moment ever for Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart , at least one of their co-stars, Christian Serratos, reckons that the couple's problems won't affect 'Twilight' fans going to see the movie.\"Of course people are fans of us now, but I think above anything, they're fans of these characters,\" the Mirror quoted her as telling US Weekly.\"I don't think anyone's really gonna give a s**t. They're gonna see the movie; it's going to be awesome,\" she said.The 21-year-old also said she's hoping for the stars to put this ugly scandal behind them, saying \"I support anyone who's in love\".Kristen recently admitted to cheating on Rob in a \"momentary indiscretion\" with film director Rupert Sanders.She was pictured kissing the married father-of-two which left her boyfriend of four years in a bit of a mess and reportedly moving out of their 4-million-dollar Los Angeles home that they shared together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15346543", "title": "Anakapalli-Kothavalasa suburban line proposed", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Keeping in view the future expansion of the GVMC, a proposal to connect the suburban regions of Vizag (along the Anakapalli-Kothavalasa lines) was brought forth. Hinting that the proposal was being examined, N Kasinath, the outgoing divisional railway manager (DRM) of Waltair division, said that an exercise was being conducted across the 50-km Anakapalli-Kothavalasa route.The above route caters to thousands of passengers, including employees and students, a majority of who constitute the demography of GVMC.The proposal, if accepted, could reduce pressure on the regular trains along the Anakapalli-Vizianagaram route and also help ease the stress on the highway connecting Anakapalli and Vizag.Apart from benefiting small-time traders and daily wagers from Anakapalli, students, government servants and employees of private firms spread across the GVMC limits, running into thousands,would stand to benefit.The 50-km railway line is also dotted with a number of railway stations, including Marripalem, Pendurthy and Simhachalam, which are demographically important for passenger traffic.Marripalem alone accounts for over 500 daily passengers; on the whole over 3,000 people travel on the route, to and fro on a daily basis.According to Kasinath, the suburban project would be beneficial and would not requireno further laying of new railway lines and above all, would provide greater mobility to those living on the fringes of the GVMC limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350277", "title": "Sunil\u2019s Radhakrishnudu to be shot in Russia", "text": "Hero Sunil is all set to leave to Russia this month to shoot for song sequences for his upcoming movie Radhakrishnudu, a remake of Bollywood film \"Tanu Weds Manu\". The unit is currently shooting in Hyderabad and would wrap up this brief schedule shortly, and later move to Russia for filming song sequences.Sunil is once again paired up with Isha Chawla in this romantic comedy after Poolarangadu. Madhavan and Kangna Ranaut played the lead roles in the original version of Bollywood film Tanu weds Manu. Mega Super Good films, who earlier produced super hit film Andala Ramudu with Sunil, is producing this movie. Radhakrishnudu, directed by Devi Prasad, is slated for Dussera release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15347530", "title": "Drive against unfair trade practice evokes good response", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The special drive launched by the district weight and measures department has received overwhelming response from the residents.Apparently, a first of its kind in the city, the drive aims to spread awareness among the people and to check anomalies in weight and other trade irregularities at various retail and wholesale shops in the district.The department has also targeted public sector enterprises in its inspection. The Krishi Utpadan Bazaar Samiti, a wing of the Jharkhand State Agricultural Marketing Board, and Tatanagar railway parcel office were inspected last week.The team was led by inspector of weight and measure department Sangeeta Bara. \"We have also decided to act against the public sector enterprises if we receive the complaints,\" said state controller, weight and measure, K C Chaudhary.Sources in the department said in the wake of increasing number of complaints of trade irregularities, the local authorities decided to carry out a surprise inspection drive.\"Complaints against retailers regarding selling of commodities without mentioning manufacturing and expiry dates have been constantly pouring in for the past several months,\" said a department official.Applauding the initiative of the department, a senior member of the Singhbhum Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Ssaid the special drive would expose traders who would indulge in unfair practices.\"Regardless of whether they (traders) are our (SCCI) member or not, unfair practice cannot be tolerated,\" said the SCCI member.\"At least the news about surprise drive will deter the traders from indulging in unfair means for the time being,\" said Priya S Pathak, a call center executive.She, however, appealed to the department to organize awareness campaigns more frequently to explain the common people about the measures one could take to penalize the erring traders. The drive is likely to continue till the end of festive season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15346151", "title": "Suspended CISF man, 5 others held for robbery", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Police have claimed to have busted a gang of highway robbers with the arrest of six people, including a suspended CISF constable. Two others, however, are still on the large. The gang used to drug its victims by injecting sedatives before robbing them.Police said on June 23, the gang had looted a truck carrying menthol of worth over Rs 1 crore of which only Rs 23 lakh worth of material has been recovered.The arrested men have been identified as Vinod, Pankaj, Madan, Saleem, Ajay, Mukesh and Sandeep. \"Vinod is a suspended CISF constable while Sandeep was associated with a local doctor. Vinod used to stop vehicles while Sandeep used to inject sedatives,\" SP (city) S S Yadav said.He added that the probe began after the robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15346895", "title": "Lost TN boy reaches Indore, anxious to return home", "text": "INDORE: Upset over a dressing down from his mother, a 12-year-old boy reportedly left home on July 14 and boarded a Delhi-bound train from Tamil Nadu on July. The boy, who got down at Bhopal station for refreshment, missed his train and reached Indore after boarding another train from Bhopal. The boy does not understand any language other than Tamil and is getting worried about being away for so long from his mother.R Vijay, son of Vijay, is a resident of Madurai in Tamil Nadu. He had left home on July 14 and reached Indore on August 2. After finding him roaming on a platform, the GRP handed him over to the Childline.Apart from getting his father Vijay and mother Paky's names, the Childline has not able to extract any other useful information from the boy.The student, who cleared his VI standard, left his home on July 14 after a fight with his mother and probably caught Delhi-bound train. After two days of journey , he got down at Bhopal station for refreshment and missed the train. Subsequently, he caught another train for a destination he does not know and reached Indore. The boy does not have a train ticket, cops told the Childline.The boy is carrying a bag with some clothes and a small idol of Lord Ganesha.He has managed to convey to the Childline that he is the only child in his family. Worrying about his mother, the boy wants to return home fast without having any clue about the distance.Now, the Childline is learnt to have contacted cops from Madurai and the Child Welfare Committee, hoping that their efforts would help his reunion with family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15346508", "title": "Police bust gang of bike thieves", "text": "PATNA: With the arrest of five persons, the Patna Police on Thursday claimed to have busted a gang involved in theft of two-wheelers from the city.City SP, Patna, Jayant Kant said acting on the directive of Senior SP (SSP), Patna, Amrit Raj, a special drive was undertaken on Wednesday night, during which a police team found Dhiraj Kumar Pandey and Kanhai alias Nanhe Kumar moving in a suspicious manner at around 1am on Thursday at Arya Kumar Road in Rajendra Nagar and arrested them.He said during interrogation, the arrested persons told the police they had stolen scooters and motorcycles from areas falling under the jurisdiction of Kadamkuan, Kankarbagh, Patrakarnagar, Pirbahore and Gandhi Maidan police stations.They used to cut the stolen bikes and scooters into pieces and then sell them to scrap dealers.The City SP said acting on their revelations, three more persons were arrested, who were identified as Manoj Kumar Sah, Udai Kumar and Ganesh Kumar.He said police carried out raids at different places and recovered a large number of parts of stolen bikes and scooters. The parts used to be sold at prices ranging from Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,600.Valuables worth 1 lakh stolen: Cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 1 lakh were stolen from the house of a shipowner, Suresh Prasad, at Gandhi Nagar locality under S K Puri police station late on Wednesday night.Police said Prasad had gone to his native village near Barh with his entire family on Wednesday. A group of thieves broke open the lock of the main door and entered the house. They took away cash and gold ornament worth Rs 1 lakh. Cops said the neighbours informed Prasad about the theft on Thursday. The house owner on Thursday lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15346775", "title": "Hyderabad madrassas find few takers", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the institution of madrassa (seminary) prides itself in upholding Islamic values, this bastion of believers with a religious curriculum is slowly losing its sheen and witnessing a slow but steady decrease in the number of students enrolling over the past couple of years.Madrassa officials said enrolment has dropped by more than 25% over the past four years, incidentally, at a time when the government had started rolling out pre-matric and post-matric scholarships to students in large numbers. They said while the scholarship scheme has encouraged parents and students to seek modern education, it has brought about a marked reduction in the number of students approaching these institutions for religious education.Sources added that SSA's meagre grant of Rs 2,960 to a handful of madrassa student per year towards teaching and learning material (TLM) has obviously failed to woo them. They indicated that most madrassas having stopped taking SSA grants while others are contemplating it. Though SSA officials claim that of the 1,200 madrassas in the city around 700 are receiving TLM, unofficial estimates peg the number of madrassas at 3,000.According to members of the Deeni Madaaris Board, with which around 350 madrassas are associated, small and medium-sized madrassas constituting a chunk of the total count in the state have taken a beating. Also, free education in many madrassas has failed to act as an incentive.Maulana Khalid Saifullah Rahmani, general secretary, Deeni Madaaris Board said, \"Since these scholarships pay these students' fee for a modern education they have been flocking schools. Further, there are a large number of madrassas not only in the city but across districts which refuse to take aid from the Sarva Shiksha Abhyan (SSA). To add to the woes, grants from donors, except those in Ramzan as zakat, have been few and far between.\" However, scholars pointed out that the five or six larger and reputed seminaries, graduate and postgraduate centres in the city such as Jamia Nizamia and Al Mahad Al Aali remain unaffected.Also, a bleak job prospects have forced many to drop out after a couple of years, note observers. Maulana Rashid Naseem Nadwi, associate professor, English and Foreign Languages University said, \"The salary bracket remains between Rs 3,000 and 5,000. It is only the muftis and alims who have bright job prospects but only around 25 muftis and 125 alims graduate every year. However around 500 hafizs (those who have memorised the Quran) graduate every year in the city. But they are barely 13 or 14 years old and have to seek modern education or train themselves in another vocation to secure a decent job.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15346917", "title": "Six taken ill after drinking foul water in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: Six persons took ill after drinking contaminated water in Theerthkunde village of Kanapur taluk on Friday. The victims complained of nausea, vomiting and diarrhea after drinking the water, after which their families rushed them to Civil Hospital here. The condition of the four is stated to be stable, while that of the other two -- Jayashree Lokoli, 20, and Gundu Jamboti, 52 -- is serious.According to hospital sources, people from Theerthkunde village have been coming there for the past one week with complaints of vomiting and diarrhea. Kanapur is one of the seven drought-hit taluks in Belgaum district. DC Anbukumar said he has directed zila parishad CEO to visit the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15346232", "title": "4 held, freed for illegally transporting bulls at Usgao", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police on Friday arrested four persons, including two truck owners, for illegally transporting 13 bulls to the Goa meat complex (GMC), at Usgao.The accused persons and the bulls were later released in the evening following a court order.According to Ponda police, a member of the animal rescue squad, along with some people believed to be members of the 'Go Rakshak Samiti' (cow protection committee) from Haryana, intercepted the two trucks carrying 13 bulls near the GMC at Usgao and brought them to Ponda police station.The members then filed a complaint with the Ponda police stating that the accused were allegedly illegally transporting animals for slaughtering at the meat complex.Based on their complaint Ponda police registered an offence under various sections and arrested the two owners of the trucks Anant Mahadev Dhotre, 32, a resident of Chandgad-Kolhapur and Manoj Yeshwant Warang, 23, a resident of Kudal. Police also arrested Shivaji Bhimanand Naik, 40, a resident of Halkarni-Chandgad and Raja Bepari ,34, resident of Kudal, all from Maharashtra.On receiving the news, some persons gathered in front of Ponda police station and staged a protest on Friday evening. But the police dispersed them to avoid any untoward incident.A member of the rescue squad said that only five animals are permitted to be transported in a truck and the animals should be provided fodder and water in the vehicle. He said that the transporter had violated the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15346751", "title": "Why women outlive men? It's all in genes", "text": "MELBOURNE: Scientists have cracked the mystery of why women outlive men, its all in the genes! Researchers from Monash University found that mutations to the DNA or deoxyribonucleic acid of the mitochondria can account for differences in the life expectancy of males and females.Mitochondria, which exist in almost all animal cells, are vital for life because they convert our food into the energy that powers the body.The research uncovered differences in longevity and biological aging across male and female fruit flies that carried mitochondria of different origins. They found that genetic variation across these mitochondria were reliable predictors of life expectancy in males, but not in females.The study was conducted by Dr Damian Dowling and PhD student, Florencia Camus, both from the Monash School of Biological Sciences, worked with Dr David Clancy from Lancaster University.Dowling said the results point to numerous mutations within mitochondrial DNA that affect how long males live, and the speed at which they age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15346560", "title": "Canacona municipality takes down 85 illegal highway hoardings", "text": "CANACONA: Under police protection, the Canacona municipal council (CMC) removed 85 hoardings along the National Highway 17 from Gulem to Khalwadem. CMC inspector Yesso Desai said that acting on a high court order, an inspection was carried out by a team comprising Canacona deputy collector Prashant Shirodkar, Canacona mamlatdar Sudin Natu, deputy director of panchayats, Canacona BDO Manuel Barretto, PWD (highways) representative Furtado and others. CMC chief officer said that local bodies were directed to remove hoardings and glow signs, which distract highway motorists. The CMC inspector pointed out that several billboards and glow signs continue to dot the highway despite the court order. The chief officer further said that all hoardings erected along the national highways must be removed immediately. Following a news report in a local daily, the court had taken suo moto cognizance and issued a notice to the state authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15346394", "title": "\u2018Angels\u2019 to impart life-saving lessons to HSS students", "text": "KOZHIKODE: After training more than 20,000 people from all walks of life in Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitations (CPR) in the past one-and-half year, the Active Network Group of Emergency Life Savers (Angels), with the help of the district administration, is now planning to impart free training in various types of CPR to higher secondary school students.The new initiative of 'Angels' has received green signal from district collector KV Mohankumar. Through this the district administration aims at making a dedicated task force for disaster management in the district. The students will be given training in CPR using sophisticated tools. 'Angels' aims at giving training to around 70,000 students in the higher secondary schools in the district.In the initial phase, training will be imparted to students of government schools.\"We want to break the notion that only health staff is capable of handling an emergency situation. Conducting CPR at the site of incident would double the chances of survival of the victim,\" said Dr PP Venugopalan, executive director of Angels international society. \"Our aim is to train at least one person from a family in all types of CPR and this would be possible by training students,\" he said.\"The district collector has already held a meeting with bankers and other commercial establishments to raise fund for conducting classes. Some of them have expressed their interest. Around 40 emergency medical technicians will conduct intensive training session. Proficiency of each student will be tested soon after the classes,\" said Venugopalan.The students will be given training in administering emergency medical care to victim of cardiac arrest, pediatric CPR, drowning, snake bite, how to safely transport victim from accident spot to hospital and adult CPR. One-hour awareness class on disaster management will also be provided to the students.Training in Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitations will be imparted to around 70,000 students in the higher secondary schools in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15347543", "title": "Six trucks carrying clinkers seized in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A team of excise officials seized six trucks of clinkers, a vital raw material used for manufacturing cement, as they were allegedly carrying the material without paying the excise duties.P K Sinha, assistant commissioner, central excise who led the raid, said he received a tip-off that six trucks carrying clinkers left Varanasi for two cement factories at Morangi in Hazaribag and Sandi in Ramgarh without permission and documents from the excise department.\"All the seized trucks were checked but the vehicle operators could not produce but relevant documents or permits,\" he said.In another raid conducted at Bariath village in Ichak by police early on Friday morning, 19 drums of kerosene oil hidden in rooms of the local excise PDS sdealer Bhupendra Mehta were seized.Ichak police station officer in charge Ravi Shankar Singh said the raid was conducted on the basis of complaints made by the residents of the locality. The son of the dealer, who is absconding, has been arrested from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350070", "title": "Superstar Rajinikanth learning Japanese", "text": "Heard this? Superstar Rajinikanth is brushing up his Japanese for his visit to the country in December 2012. For those who are wondering as to why Rajini is visiting Tokyo, here's the story.It is already known that Rajinikanth has a huge following in Japan and the actor has been planning to visit the country ever since the country was hit by Tsunami earthquake in April this year. But now it looks like the actor's trip to the country is almost confirmed.The makers are planning to arrange a huge premiere of Rajinikanth's film Kochadaiyaan in Japan. Sources say that Rajinikanth would attend the premiere screening in Tokyo and sources further add that the film's heroine Deepika Padukone would also attend this premiere.The production house is yet to confirm the release date of the film although it's being speculated as December. Rajinikanth's Vikram Simha (Kochadaiyaan in Tamil) will be releasing in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi and Rajini would attend the premiere in all the cities.Kochadaiyaan is a period film written by K. S. Ravikumar, directed by Rajinikanth's daughter Soundarya R. Ashwin and produced by Sunil Lulla. The movie, which is expected to be shot with motion capture in 3D, will have cinematography by Rajiv Menon whilst background score and soundtrack composed by A. R. Rahman .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15346862", "title": "Mysore City Corporation sets up panel to handle water crisis", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation on Friday set up a committee of officials to handle the water crisis. At the collective end of the corporators ire, the administration accepted the lapses in attending to the water needs of the residents.The team of officials will be headed by the chief of the Vani Vilas Water Works, the water supplying arm of the MCC. It will have representatives from Jamshedpur Utilities and Services Company (JUSCO), a TATA company, which is implementing Rs 197 crore to remodel water supply distribution network. The members ascribed much of the problems in water supply to JUSCO accusing it of not responding to complaints. \"JUSCO has become a bane for the corporators,\" the opposition leader M V Ramprasad said questioning the water rationing implemented in the city.Members said since last year they have been facing problems related to water supply, which is not attended properly, and asked for a committee to look into the lapses. \"I get at least 20 calls a day from residents complaining about water supply,\" BJP corporator Pradee Kumar said.Members referred to Independent corporator R Ananth to protest in front of the mayor's chamber and at the water supply point. They asserted that the officials are not responding to the members complaints. BJP corporator M D Parthasarthy said residents are accusing them of working hand in glove with the JUSCO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347341", "title": "NCP wants 1,000 CCTV cameras across city", "text": "PUNE: The city unit of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Thursday submitted a memorandum to the city police and the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) demanding a comprehensive plan to install a network of closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras across the city.City unit chief and party MP Vandana Chavan said, \"The NCP delegation met police commissioner Gulabrao Pol and municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak. We demanded that the police and the PMC work out a plan for a CCTV camera network across the city. As many as 1,000 camera units will be needed.\"\"All MLAs and MPs from the region will allocate funds. However, the police and PMC must decide who will monitor, operate and maintain the system. Their difference of opinion has led to the existing CCTV cameras remaining unutilized,\" he said.The PMC has agreed to install 24x7 CCTV cameras at public places, if the Pune police takes the responsibility of running the system. According to the PMC, the civic body can install the cameras, but the police should control the operations and recordings. They should monitor and maintain them since the civic body will be unable to do so.Mayor Vaishali Bankar said the PMC will initiate steps to install 24x7 CCTV cameras at prominent public places in the city within the next two weeks. She told reporters that the civic body has installed about 39 CCTV cameras in Sahakarnagar and near Mariaai gate police chowky, from where the Khadki cantonment area starts. \"The PMC plans to install another 51 cameras and will allocate Rs 1 crore for the same.\"The Pune Municipal Corporation had in its 2010-11 budget mooted installation of CCTV cameras at public places, but the project remains incomplete.Only 79 cameras on the rollIn response to a Right to Information ( RTI) plea by Vihar Durve, the Pune Municipal Corporation has said that only 79 CCTV cameras in the city are working. The civic body has said that cameras are installed at the PMC building, Kamla Nehru hospital and PMC's cultural centres. In another application filed by Durve, the Pune police have said that as many as 837 CCTV cameras should be installed at 342 chowks in four zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15345622", "title": "Criminals run rampage on Shatabdi Express in Cuttack", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Passengers in a compartment of the Howrah-Bhubaneswar Jan Shatabdi Express had a nightmarish experience after three criminals allegedly terrorized them and snatched a gold necklace of a woman. The incident occurred at Cuttack on the wee hours of Thursday.One of the victims, Kishore Chandra Dash (67) of Bhubaneswar, lodged a complaint with the government railway police (GRP) in Cuttack on Thursday morning.Witnesses said the three miscreants boarded the D-5 compartment somewhere late on Wednesday night. Seeing not a single railway guard or train ticket examiner in the compartment, the trio started harassing passengers and even passed lewd comments at women. \"We were all sleeping. Suddenly all woke up with the noise of the vagabonds. One of them sat near our seat. When I said that it was a reserved seat, he went away,\" said Dash, a senior journalist, who was returning from Howrah with his wife Chandrakanti Dash (50).\"As the train was about to depart Cuttack, the same man came and ran away with my wife's necklace. She received injuries on her neck. We were all shouting, but they easily got down from the running train and fled,\" Dash said. \"There were no policemen to help us. We had last seen four armed railway cops in the bogie at Kharagpur. They were not seen after that,\" he added.The terrified passengers got down at Bhubaneswar railway station around 2 am on Thursday and complained to the Bhubaneswar railway police. But the Bhubaneswar GRP asked them to lodge a complaint in Cuttack since the crime did not occur in their jurisdiction. \"Others hesitated to take the pain of lodging an FIR. Since we had lost our valuable, I went to the GRP police station in Cuttack and lodged a complaint,\" Dash said.Cuttack GRP inspector Mamata Pati said a case of theft has been registered. \"We accompanied the complainant for spot visit, but did not find any clue. We are also questioning some suspects, who were earlier caught for snatchings in trains. The real culprits would be arrested soon,\" Pati said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345596", "title": "NMC to penalize 2% per month for late tax", "text": "NAGPUR: Learning lessons from the public outcry that it witnessed in the last fiscal, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has started the process to issue property tax bills to 4.57 lakh tax payers before the end of this month. The taxes have to be paid in the coming four months or else an interest of 2% per month would be levied from defaulters. However, NMC has failed to issue half-yearly bills despite being made mandatory by the state government under its new bylaws.A senior NMC official told TOI that the property tax bills of 22 out of the total 72 wards have been prepared and distributed to the zone-offices. \"Process to distribute the bills to the tax payers will begin soon. The remaining bills will be prepared as soon as possible and distributed before August 31. The citizens will get four months time to pay the property tax. New bylaws implemented from the last fiscal makes it mandatory to charge an interest of 2% per month in case of failure to pay the tax before December 31,\" he said.NMC has implemented the new system of interest which is a part of ready-reckoner based property tax. The good thing about the system is that the bills will be distributed four months before the deadline. Earlier, the bill distribution used to begin from December. As result of the new system the citizens will get enough time to pay the tax well before the end of the fiscal.But the sorry state of affair is that half-yearly bills have not been issued. According to the new bylaws, NMC was required to distribute the bills for every six months. The first bill was to be distributed by the end of July and the next by October. Due to this delay, the tax payers will not be entitled to avail the benefit of 4% rebate on property tax. According to the bylaws, rebate of 4% is given if the bill is paid before May end and 2% if before November end.An NMC official said that the decision to extend the time period of the rebate to November end may be taken considering the failure to issue two bills. \"Actually the tax payer has to pay the property tax on his own before receiving the bills if the bylaws are to be considered. But NMC never takes such tough stand and encourages the tax payers to pay the bills according to their convenience. Only few tax payers pay the property tax in April and May to avail the benefit of rebate,\" he said.Meanwhile, the revenue from the property tax has increased to some extent compared to that in the last fiscal. According to the data available with NMC, the revenue from property tax was Rs18.19 crore between April 1 and June 30 last fiscal. The revenue has increased to Rs24.25 crore in the corresponding period this year.-----------------------------------No ready-reckoner based property taxThe tall claims of NMC to come up with the ready-reckoner based property tax this fiscal has proved to be hollow. Inordinate delay by the committee, led by mayor Anil Sole, in submitting its report has led a delay in implementing the new tax system. This will come as some relief for the tax payers but will give a big jolt to the NMC.The state government came up with new bylaws and implemented the ready-reckoner based property tax in 2010-11 fiscal. The new system was designed to bring transparency and curb irregularities in the property tax system. Besides this, the aim was to increase revenue to a great extent as property tax would double under the new system.Despite the bylaws being announcement in 2011-12 budget, NMC failed to implement it as the committee led by then mayor Archana Dehankar formed to go through various aspects of the new system and decide the percentage of ready-reckoner value to calculate the property tax delayed its report in view of municipal elections. After assuming charge, Sole had vowed to implement the new system but has failed to submit the report till date.This inordinate delay in submission of the report is expected to cause huge revenue loss to NMC as may not achieve the target of Rs250 crore set for this fiscal. The same happened in the last fiscal. NMC had to satisfy with just Rs136 crore as against the target of Rs175 crore due to failure to implement the new tax system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15345368", "title": "MIDC issues show-cause notices to industrialist", "text": "AKOLA: Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation has issued two show-cause notices to Ajit Kasturchand Sethi, the partner of Asian Dye Chemicals Corporation (ADCC), to pay rent of Rs2.87 lakh which has not been paid since 1977 plus the penalty. The shed allotted to ADCC has further been sublet to Pawan Agrawal, the amount of sub-rent plus five times penalty is yet to be recovered from the corporation. MIDC issued the notices on June 8 and July 16 last but the ADCC did not respond to the notices.ADCC has five partners - three original and two bogus. One of the original partners has already died. Surprisingly, he allegedly did not pay the amounts due to the MSEDCL, banks and MSFC.An offence of theft of power has been registered against Sethi in ginning factory at Nimba village near Akola. Sethi also opened the accounts in Vidarbha Urban Bank (now derecognized) and Akola branch of Hingoli Bank and withdrew several lakhs of rupees. He misused the basement of Sethi Height building in front of district collectorate for marble business whereas the basement was reserved for parking. Several matters are pending in various courts and Sethi is allegedly playing tricks by using the court forum to avoid payments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15344817", "title": "Pune blasts: Injured man not seen as suspect yet", "text": "PUNE: Dayanand Bhaurao Patil (34), who was injured in the first of the four blasts on Pune's Jangli Maharaj road on Wednesday, is not being considered a suspect, at least for now, police said on Friday.\"However, if we find anything against him, we will take him into custody,\" additional commissioner of police (crime) Shahaji Solunke told TOI.Patil, who has been admitted to the Sassoon general hospital for minor injuries on the face and stomach, was being questioned over the last two days by the crime branch and the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS).His wife, Satyakala, was also questioned on Thursday. The police had also recorded the statements of his neighbours at his residence in Urulikanchan, 20 km from Pune.Solunke denied that Patil had changed his statements in hospital. \"There were minor variations in his statement, but that could have happened because of the trauma following the blast,\" he said.Hospital authorities said Patil was likely to be discharged on Saturday or Sunday. \"He was kept under observation for 48 hours because persons injured in blasts can develop complications later. A team of senior doctors is constantly monitoring his condition,\" a hospital source said.The police have contacted the Pune passport office for information on Patil's visit to Jordan in 2003. Inspector Suhas Garud of Loni Kalbhor police station, under whose jurisdiction Urulikanchan falls, said Patil's passport expired in 2011. \"Patil went abroad before his marriage. His wife has no information about his foreign trip,\" Garud said.On Thursday, the ATS searched Patil's residence and seized his passport, a pen drive, some Urdu literature and a diary containing the names of some persons and their cell phone numbers, all written in Marathi. The ATS has sought help of an expert to read the Urdu literature. \"We are verifying the calls made by Patil from his cell phone,\" a crime branch official said.Patil, who originally hails from Bidar in Karnataka, came to Urulikanchan around three-and-a-half years back. He first stayed at Tambe vasti in the area before shifting to his current rented home at Mhetre vasti. He has a three-year-old daughter.Patil, who works as a tailor outside a laundry on Shirole road in the city, has been described by his neighbours as a quiet person who would not interact with others. \"He wouldn't even allow his wife to interact with the neighbours,\" Garud said.A team of the National Investigating Agency is in Bidar to check Patil's background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345015", "title": "Education forum wants repeal of RTE Act", "text": "CHENNAI: The All India Forum for Right to Education (AIF-RTE) has demanded the repeal of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, citing several flaws in the legislation that are leading to commercialisation of the education sector.\"The act not only denies the right to education to children below six years and above 14 years of age, but also fails to facilitate quality education for a child whose parents are willing to pay fees,\" said P B Prince Gajendra Babu, general secretary of the State Platform for Common School System, a constituent of the AIF-RTE.Members of the forum alleged that the act has provisions that allow private schools to hike fees arbitrarily. It also facilitates channeling of public funds to private schools through reimbursement for the seats reserved for children of economically weaker section.The activists called for a new unambiguous legislation which will facilitate cost-free education for all children across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15347073", "title": "E-filing of sonography details now must for docs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat has become the first state in the country to make it compulsory for all doctors to submit Form F online, containing complete details of sonography test conducted on a pregnant woman. This will help in stricter implementation of Pre Conception Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act to help improve the skewed sex ratio in the state which is 886 girls per 1,000 boys in 0-6 age group.Earlier, online filing of Form F was made compulsory in four districts of Maharashtra to curb under-reporting and non-reporting of sonography conducted on pregnant women.Health commissioner P K Taneja told TOI that it will be made mandatory for doctors in all 26 districts of Gujarat to file Form F online. The department has also hired an agency to analyze the forms submitted online as well as to inform the officials about the doctors who are not submitting complete details about the ultrasound tests conducted by them on pregnant women.Taneja said that this is one step forward towards ensuring a complete transparency amongst the doctors regarding the ultrasound tests conducted by them on pregnant women. The details will also help the authorities to know about the profile of women who are undergoing ultrasound tests, the number of children they have and whether the children are girls or boys.It has been brought to the notice of the health officials that a number of doctors perform sex determination tests on the sly and reveal the sex of the child for a price. They do not officially record these cases so as to avoid attention.\"The software has inbuilt systems to tell the officials the average number of ultrasounds performed by a doctor so that the officials can be tipped off if there has been under-reporting of some sort\", said the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346633", "title": "State may assess private technological institutes", "text": "KOLKATA: After a grading from the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) and University Grants Commission (UGC), it may be time for another assessment by the state government.Coming under pressure on taming the erring private engineering colleges and technological institutes, West Bengal Higher Education Council chairman Sugato Marjit said the state has decided to appoint Abhijit Chakraborty, former vice-chancellor of Jadavpur University and a teacher at Bengal Engineering and Science University (BESU), as the new vice-chairman of the council to oversee technical institutes and universities.After assuming the charge on Friday, Chakraborty said: \"The focus is to create a uniform guideline for technological universities and colleges as well as private universities, so that they can strive for excellence. We may start assessing private technological institutes. There won't be any legal hassles. Much on the lines of other central organizations, the state can also assess the institutes.It will then get to know the loopholes and plan the road ahead\" improve to achieve excellence.\"According to him, the council also wants He added, \"Our other aim is to ensure regularity and uniformity in the statutes, acts and regulations among all universities. Dealing with complaints of malpractices, recruitment and fees charged by institutes is also on the radar. \"Academic audit, enforced in Jadavpur University, needs to be extended to other institutes too. We may also frame a guideline for that.\"Marjit said, \"There may be a technical wing under the council later. The job of the council has increased.New experiments are on, while the area and depth of work have increased. Now, it has a shortage of manpower. I had urged education minister Bratya Basu to appoint a vice-chairman to speed up the work.\" He had suggested the name of Abhijit Chakraborty.\"He added: \"We will now try to reach out physically to various colleges and universities. There is a need to visit various universities, which is a stupendous job. Private universities, too, may have to be brought under a separate domain. Taking all such factors into consideration, the post of the vice-chairman has been filled up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347447", "title": "Civic bodies owe Rs 111 cr to PMPML", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivhan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) has initiated steps to recover dues worth Rs 111 crore from Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations.\"While PMC owes Rs 69 crore to the transport utility, PCMC is supposed to pay Rs 42 crore. We have communicated to the municipal corporations that they have to pay the dues without any delay,\" Pravin Ashtikar, joint managing director of the PMPML, told reporters on Friday.\"The PMPML has given free passes to various sections of commuters as per directives from the civic bodies. However, Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad corporations have not yet paid the charges for the same,\" Ashtikar said.Ashtikar said the transport body issues 12 categories of passes to passengers, such as civic employees, students, visually and physically challenged people. The municipal corporations are expected to make the payment for these passesas it's they who announce these plans in their budgets.The PMPML will arrange a special meeting with the chiefs of both the corporations and highlight the situation. A plan for recovering the dues will be charted out soon, said Ashtikar.The PMPML has nearly 1,650 buses at present. Of this, 450 are off the road for various reasons. tnnHence, approximately only 1,200 buses ply. Nearly four years ago, the Pune Municipal Transport (PMT) and Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Transport (PCMT) authorities were merged to form the PMPML.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15348823", "title": "NCP Legislator invites Sunny Leone at dahi handi celebrations", "text": "It is surprising to see how adult film star Sunny Leone has inspired such inconsistent views among members of the same political party.Just a couple of days ago, Mayor Sunil Prabhu had posters of Jism 2 promptly removed from buses and bus shelters across Mumbai, following a letter from Member of Legislative Council of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), Vidya Chavan, claiming the film's posters are vulgar and need to be pulled down. And now, NCP Legislator Jitendra Awhad has gone ahead and invited Sunny as a celebrity guest at his upcoming dahi handi celebrations in Thane on August 10.Director Pooja Bhatt reacted by posting a tweet saying, \"You are not a BRAND till a political party has used you for their 2 minutes of fame. Gracias NCP for giving #Jism2 cult status! While NCP objects to #Jism2 posters, our PRO gets a request from an NCP MLA for Sunny to attend a dahi handi function they are hosting!!\"Speaking to TOI the firebrand filmmaker confirmed she would take Sunny to the function and said, \"This is the height of hypocrisy. On one hand, their own party member asked to take off the posters and now, we are invited for the dahi handi function. I will surely go. It will just prove who's right and who's wrong. This kind of hypocritical behaviour of some of these politicians shows their regressive mentality. It's really appalling to see how our freedom is being restricted under the name of moral policing.\"When contacted, Awhad told TOI \"Firstly, I don't think my dahi handi function is bigger than any celebrity, be it Sunny Leone or Antonio Banderas . However, she will be coming to cheer the govindas in my function.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15344530", "title": "Team Anna goes political, calls off fast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a year after his Ramlila Maidan fast for a Lokpal took the nation by storm and brought the government to his doorstep, Anna Hazare and his colleagues broke their \"indefinite\" fast on Friday on a much more low key note.Team Anna vowed to \"cleanse politics\" but its decision to plunge into electoral politics is seen as a response to the anti-corruption movement's reduced traction that encouraged the government not to offer Hazare an olive branch by way of negotiations.The resolve to wage an electoral battle also split the activists with Justice Santosh Hedge and Narmada agitator Medha Patkar publically expressing their discomfiture with the move.But Team Anna seems set for a political debut with former Army chief Gen V K Singh also joining the activists on stage at Jantar Mantar, indicating that the activists plan to bolster their movement by attracting persons seen to enjoy a high degree of credibility to their fold.Transforming the movement from a focused pro-Lokpal stir to a political platform can be a fraught gamble. But while Congress drew some relief from the developments, it might be premature for the ruling party to assume that public anger over graft has evaporated. The Team Anna decision might, however, force BJP to recast its strategy as it has backed the movement, believing it hurts Congress the most.Retorting to the government's claim that the move exposes their political ambitions, Team Anna said it was challenging the Congress-led government to a political fight. \"We will uproot the current corrupt government. Till now we have been only requesting the government to implement the Jan Lokpal bill but now it is a larger movement. We have to throw them out of power,\" Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said.Just how far the movement can harm the Congress is to be seen although the opposition will hope that the activists continue to distract the government and erode the ruling coalition's urban support.Kejriwal challenged Congress to pass the activists' Jan Lokpal laws, including the right to recall, reject and gram sabhas. \"We also challenge all political parties to disclose their expenditure on elections. We will make public the amount of donations we get and the expenditures we make toward elections on our website,\" he added.Hazare said he would not launch a party or fight elections. \"I will go around the country for the next one and a half years to give an alternative. We have another two years left (for the elections) and I will awaken the people. I am confident that people will support the alternative,\" he said.Gen Singh criticized the government's failure in implementing policies that serve people. \"It is an absolute breakdown of democracy. There is rampant corruption, our GDP is going down, and inflation is so high that the common man is pushed to the edge. We are left with no direction,\" he said.Gen Singh was clearly a big draw. People tried to catch a glimpse and shake hands with him. The protest ground reverberated with slogans of 'Vande Mataram' with excited supporters yearning to see the winding up of the protest.Hazare reiterated his wish of staying outside politics and backing chosen candidates. Manish Sisodia said there was probably no other way out for the team. \"We are left with just two options. Either we fast for years which will have little impact on the government. But look at Irom Sharmila, has it made a difference? Or we start a political revolution.\"But Medha Patkar differed, saying, \"One has to ensure that people who are awakened remain so and one has to think 100 times before taking a plunge into electoral politics. If he (Hazare) joins politics, then the momentum gained should not be lost. When people with noble intentions join politics, either they don't last long or they don't achieve much.\"Santosh Hegde also differed, saying, \"I don't support Anna Hazare and his team starting a political party. But I have heard Anna speaking on TV that he is neither forming a party nor contesting elections, but may support people wanting to contest elections whom he knows will help the cause of fight against corruption and bring about political change in the country.\"All in all, it was a historical moment of sorts. While a section of Hazare's huge supporter base was disappointed that the campaign made no headway, Team Anna tried hard to strike an emotional chord and garner support for their political ambitions.Setting the tone for their entry in to politics, Team Anna made feisty speeches, created a picture of the ideal party and spelt out the reasons behind choosing a political alternative.On Friday, the supporters started trickling in by afternoon but by 4.30pm, a crowd of around 4,000 supporters had gathered. They swarmed around the LCD screen to catch a glimpse of Hazare breaking his fast. But first came long winding speeches by Team Anna members. This time Muslim or dalit children were not called to break Hazare's fast. Instead it was Gen Singh who handed over glasses of tender coconut to the four fasting members, Hazare, Kejriwal, Sisodia and Gopal Rai.Since Thursday, the team claimed to have received 10 lakh votes on the option, of ending their fast and joining politics, laid out in front of them. The team claims that 90% of the people voted in favor of their decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15346342", "title": "Medal tally in various events reaches 153", "text": "MHOW: Vijay's brother Ajay who works in a company in Chandigarh also was unable to say anything on this moment. AMU Commanding Officer Col A S Saran, while talking to TOI said that it has been possible due to the joint efforts of army, AMU, shooting team and coaches.Also, the army training has again been proved to be the best, as Maj Rathore was also a first timer for Olympics and same is with Vijay Kumar. Army and the country are proud on him.After his schooling from the village, Vijay joined the army in 2001 and just after completion of his training, he participated in the Young Blood Championship (YBC) of shooting representing his regiment team.From here, he was selected for the AMU shooting team due to his fantastic scores. He had won a large number of medals in various national and international events and his total medal tally has reached 108 medals in national events while 45 medals (including this medal) in the international events.Looking at his contribution for the army through various sports events, Sub Vijay was conferred with Sena Medal (SM).Photo captions: - 1) Photo of Sub Vijay Kumar, 2) Sub Vijay Kumar with the AMU commanding officer Col A S Saran, 3) A milestone in AMU, Mhow to show the 2004 victory of Maj Rathore in Athens", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15345576", "title": "BA student hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: A first year Bachelor of Arts (BA) student committed suicide by hanging himself to the ceiling fan at his Dattatreya Nagar residence under the jurisdiction of Sakkardara police station on Rakshabandhan day, on Thursday afternoon.Police said they found no suicide note from the room of the deceased, 21-year-old Nikhil Geetay. However, a line that read \"I am bored of my life. I quit\" was written on his hand with a ball pen.Nikhil's father had passed away two years ago. Other members in the family include mother, elder brother and younger sister. For Nikhil's sister, who had tied a rakhi to him in the morning, it was the worst ever rakhi gift.Police said, Nikhil was alone at home when he took the extreme step. His mother and sister had left home for Chandrapur to celebrate the festival with cousins while elder brother Neeraj had gone out to meet his friends at around 3pm.When Neeraj returned home after three hours, he found Nikhil hanging to the ceiling hook with his mother's sari. Police said Nikhil had locked the main door from inside. \"After getting no response for minutes, Neeraj jumped onto the balcony and opened the bedroom door. He brought down Nikhil's body and alerted neighbours, police and doctors,\" said police.According to police, Nikhil's family has refused to share reasons behind his suicide. Police suspect some personal problem other than his studies or financial crisis.Police said they have also checked call entries on Nikhil's cellphone but no clue was found. Police are yet to check his messages and also haven't spoken to his friends. A case of an accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344892", "title": "Side-effects on mind, doctors resist taking vaccines", "text": "MUMBAI: The death of an auxiliary nurse and midwife at Nerul due to H1N1 influenza on Wednesday has put the focus back on the safety concerns for healthcare workers. Yet, few doctors have shown the urgency to protect them by getting vaccinated.Head of BMC's epidemiology cell Dr Mangala Gomare said the civic body currently has 600 doses of vaccine at its disposal. But, so far, only 24 doses have been used as most doctors showed reluctance to take the injectable vaccine. \"They are scared of the side-effects and therefore sceptical to take it,\" she said.The injectable vaccine made available to the BMC has come directly from the Centre. But after 2,000 doses of the vaccine had to be returned last year, the BMC chose to order it in lesser quantity. Executive health officer Dr Arun Bamne said besides medication and vaccine, the BMC has also made adequate number of N95 masks available to its doctors, nurses and other staffers.Two doctors from KEM Hospital had recently tested positive for the virus and both were treated on an OPD basis. Infectious diseases consultant Dr Om Srivastava said in the private sector, too, some medical personnel have got infection and sought treatment. \"Immunization is the best way to keep the infection at bay from the healthcare workers. The number of healthcare workers getting infected is significant and not something to be completely disregarded,\" he said.Srivastava said at least 25-30% of the health workforce may have got the infection sub-clinically and even beaten it without getting tested or treated. \"But vaccination always provides them with the necessary protection,\" he said.Interestingly, a doctor from the Kasturba Hospital of Infectious Diseases at Chinchpokli said that some of the doctors who got vaccinated also suffered some minor side-effects. \"At least three doctors out of the 25 who had taken the vaccine had complaints of fever, joint and muscle pain and bodily rashes,\" the doctor said.But Srivastava said fever or flu like illness after vaccination is normal and nothing to worry about. \"Also, the risk of getting GB Syndrome (neurological condition) is as much as associated with any other vaccine. So far, no such case has been reported,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15344733", "title": "Train fire toll up: Telugu film producer dies", "text": "CHENNAI: Telugu film producer M V Sambasiva Rao, who was aboard the Tamil Nadu Express that caught fire near Nellore earlier this week, died at a private hospital in Vadapalani on Friday. Rao, 36, who travelling in coach S11, was returning to Chennai from Vijayawada. He was admitted to hospital with 80% burns.He was one of the producers of the movie 'Puthiya Thalapathi', a dubbed version of Telugu film Mahatma. He is survived by his wife Jhansi Lakshmi and two daughters. \"He managed to talk twice but was not able to really express what had happened in the train. Whenever he woke up, he would enquire about his daughters,\" his brother-in-law K V Krishna said.\"Soon after the accident, he was admitted to the Nellore government hospital. We decided to shift him to a private hospital in Vadapalani,\" he said.Three others injured in the accident \u2014 O P Mahana, 25, Bhupendra, 23 and V S Chandle \u2014 were discharged and left for Bhopal by GT Express on Friday. A Hussian, 55, from Delhi was shifted from Bollineni hospital to railway hospital on Friday for better treatment. Another man, Raghavan, was admitted to railway hospital where his condition is said to be stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15347113", "title": "HC green signal to fell 10,000 trees", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court on Friday green-lighted the felling of trees to expand highways in Saurashtra by rejected a PIL which sought to restrain the administration from chopping down nearly 10,262 trees.While dismissing the PIL, however, the bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala ordered the authorities to plant three times to the number of trees that will be chopped off in the road-widening process. This means the authorities will have to plant 30,000 trees.The PIL filed by advocate Vijay Nangesh, contended that over 10,000 trees would have to be cut for the expansion of highways in Saurashtra. Citing advertisements published by the government inviting tenders, the PIL demanded the cancellation of the project, which required 4,865 trees to be felled to widen the Veraval to Somnath and Jetpur to Junagadh highways. Similarly, for the Rajkot to Atkot and Bhavnagar- Bldhoi-Atkot roads, 5,397 trees would be cut.The PIL had contended felling on such a large scale would cause environmental imbalance, and there should be alternate arrangements to save the trees. The petition further contended that by modern methods, these trees could be saved by transplantation or by laying new roads beside tree rows. It also cited a 1982 study by a leading institution from Kolkata, going by which each of these trees was valued at Rs 15.7 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15347646", "title": "Honour killing: Pak parents get life term in UK", "text": "LONDON: In a widely followed case of honour killing in Britain, a Pakistan-origin couple was jailed for life on Friday after being held guilty of murdering their teenaged daughter who allegedly brought shame to the family due to her westernized lifestyle.Shafilea Ahmed, 17, was missing from her home in Warrington, Cheshire, in 2003 and was found dead on the banks of the River Kent in Cumbria six months later.Her parents, Iftikhar Ahmed, 52, and Farzana Ahmed, 49, had denied her murder but the jury at Chester Crown Court on Friday returned guilty verdicts against them both after a three-month trial.A taxi driver, Ahmed had earlier claimed that Shafilea ran away from home in the middle of the night and that he never saw her again.The two had suffocated Shafilea with a plastic bag in an apparent \"honour killing\" because she had allegedly brought shame on the family. Shafilea's sister Alesha, had told the jury that her parents had pushed her on to the settee in their house and she heard her mother say \"just finish it here\".The parents had often clashed Shafilea over her westernized lifestyle, and had objected to her wearing the same clothes as her white friends , rather than traditional Pakistani dress.In 2003, she was allegedly forced to travel to Pakistan, where she was expected to marry a man more than 10 years her senior. In desperation Shafelia swallowed bleach badly burning her throat and causing the man to call off the marriage, declaring she was \"damaged goods\". She returned to Britain but went missing from the family home in September 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15346995", "title": "Keeping Lokayukta out of RTI ambit would accord protection: NK Mehrotra", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP government's decision to keep the office of Lokayukta outside the ambit of the RTI Act may provide protection to the provisions of the UP Lokayukta Act 1975, instead of weakening it. Similar to the provisions, which exist in states like Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh, even the UP Lokayukta office will not be providing information about the ongoing investigation under the Right to Information Act.The cabinet on Tuesday had decided that the office of the Lokayukta, which operates as an investigating agency, should maintain secrecy while investigating corruption charges levelled against public servants. Providing information about the ongoing investigation could hamper the probe.The Lokayukta's office has been receiving RTI applications seeking information about the ongoing probes.In many cases, the information seekers were either the complainants or those against whom the investigations were on.Providing the copies of information to the seekers was only hampering the probe. When contacted UP Lokayukta Justice (retd) NK Mehrotra said, \"The decision in fact will accord protection to section 10 and section 15 of the Lokayukta Act.\"The section 10 of the UP Lokayukta Act says, 'Investigation to be conducted by the Lokayukta or his deputy should be conducted in private, and in particular, the identity of the complainant and of the public servant affected by the investigation should not be disclosed to the public or the press whether before, during or after the investigation.'The Section 15 of the Act also calls for secrecy of information. It says that any information or any evidence obtained by the Lokayukta office in the course of investigation should be confidential.However, sources said that RTI Act has superseded all the laws of secrecy. The move, therefore, comes as a protection to the UP Lokayukta Act.The Karnataka Lokayukta office, too, has the same provisions in place. \"People can seek information about inquiries, but not the police investigations, which are carried out by the separate wing of the Karnataka Lokayukta office,\" said Yoginath, registrar, Karnataka Lokayukta office.The Madhya Pradesh Lokayukta office also has a similar provision in place. \"People can seek information under RTI from the technical wing and complaints cell, but not the police wing which carries out investigation,\" said a section officer. UP government's decision, therefore, is not the first of its kinds.Although there are also voices that question the relevance of the move. Former UP Lokayukta SC Verma said that the RTI Act already has a provision which says that information, which hampers investigation can't be revealed. \"When I was the Lokayukta, my office did not release any sensitive information because it's the discretion of the Lokayukta what information he shares and what not,\" he said.The sources also said that the government's move is in sync with the RTI Act, which empowers the government to exempt any organisation from the purview of the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15345480", "title": "Crocodiles to make their way to Chennai schools", "text": "CHENNAI: School children in the city will now have an opportunity to get up close and personal with crocodiles, pythons and turtles. In an effort to create awareness about wildlife, the Madras Crocodile Bank Trust (MCBT) is launching an outreach programme in the last week of August. MCBT director Colin James Stevenson, along with members of the education team, will take baby crocodiles, alligators, pythons, turtles, tortoises and lizards to schools to give children an opportunity to get to know the various species better.\"When people see these animals up close, they get a view that TV does not allow, and it is different from seeing them at the zoo,\" says Stevenson. \"The programme aims to educate people that these animals need our help as there are significant threats to wild populations. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345064", "title": "Anna is history, says Khurshid", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Team Anna beat a retreat, Congress's glee over the embarrassment of the civil society faction that harried them and the government was on vivid display, with law minister Salman Khurshid declaring that Anna Hazare was history.\"Anna is history,\" said Khurshid, who had emerged as the government's principal interlocutor for the anti-graft campaign. Although the law minister tried to sound sympathetic towards Hazare, calling him \"a good guy in a wrong place\", he and his colleagues in Congress seemed to savour the discomfiture of the civil society activists who on Friday called off their protest without getting even a token assurance from the government for consideration of their demands.Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari sought to rub it in when he dismissed Team Anna's plan to foray into the political arena as a face saving trick. \"You need a face saver when you paint yourself into a corner,\" Tewari said. He also disdained the plan of activists to launch a political party. \"There are six or seven national political parties and 26 regional political parties. There are 1,139 unrecognized registered political parties and if the 1140th joins, the more the merrier,\" he said.However, BJP has welcomed the decision of Team Anna to form a political party. \"BJP has always stated that our Constitution permits every individual and group to form their own political party in terms of their own ideology or thinking about problems of the country. If Team Anna has elected to offer a political alternative, it is a welcome decision,\" BJP chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "15345847", "title": "Six fall ill after gas leak at Rourkela Steel Plant", "text": "ROURKELA: Six persons, including two officials, were taken ill after a gas leak at Rourkela Steel Plant on Thursday. Sources said the victims had come in contact with poisonous coke oven gas during maintenance work in the plant's coal chemical department.According to witnesses, two contract laborers had lost consciousness while cleaning the pipes of a coke oven. They were taken to Ispat General Hospital. Following the mishap, a group of officials along with some contractors and workers went to the spot for an inspection. Four of them lost their senses and they were also rushed to hospital.The two RSP officials were identified as deputy general manager CP Sharma and assistant general manager SP Sahoo.Sharma was admitted in intensive care unit since his condition was stated to be critical. The condition of all six persons, however, improved and four of them were discharged from the hospital on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15346224", "title": "Congress MLAs dare Chandy to rein in PC George", "text": "KOCHI: Sending a clear signal that they are no longer ready to tolerate Kerala Congress leader P C George riding roughshod over them, a group of Congress legislators on Friday declared open war against the chief whip.The move, coming on the eve of a major revamp in the Congress, is seen as a reflection of deep churning within the party over the style of functioning of the chief minister, who they feel is bending over backwards to please allies without safeguarding the political esteem of his partymen''.\"Congress MLAs are not whipping boys. There will be grave consequences if the party leadership fails to act. Whoever has let loose George must do the needful to leash him,'' Congress MLAs V D Satheesan and Hibi Eden told reporters here on Friday.Reacting to casteist remarks made by George against T N Prathapan, MLA, they said Chandy and Chennithala should have defended Prathapan against George. \"We won't allow Prathapan to be targeted. We're all with him,'' Satheesan said. More than George's remarks, who habitually stirs up controversies through his unsavoury utterances it was the comments of Chandy and Chennithala that pained us,\" he added.That the MLAs decided to address the media on a day when Prathapan wrote a letter to George adds to the political relevance of the statements. Prathapan in his letter told George that he would continue to oppose any attempts by greedy people like him to corner public assets through devious means''. Sources said the grouping of young MLAs signals an enough-is-enough stand against the softening approach Chandy has been adopting towards UDF constituents.Openly challenging the UDF decision on the Nelliyampathi issue, they said another fact-finding team comprising six MLAs from the UDF will visit Nelliyampathi on August 6. The credibility of the earlier UDF panel had been eroded after George's statement,'' they said.Apart from Satheesan, Hibi and Prathapan, three other MLAs - V T Balram (Congress), M V Sreyams Kumar (Socialist Janata) and K M Shaji (IUML) - will be in the new team. Acknowledging the mounting resentment within the party, Chennithala reacted quickly and said the issue will have to be discussed in the UDF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347399", "title": "Right info during crisis needed", "text": "PUNE: The city's preparedness on command-control-communication and warning systems stood exposed after the four blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road on Wednesday.The disaster management plan for Pune city says that basic communication needs extensive development. After the blasts, in the absence of official communication, citizens were accepting incomplete or wrong information, adding to the chaos.The PMC's disaster management cell was in the dark about the incident and the police machinery and the district administration did not communicate with citizens. Media personnel at the spot could not get much out of tightlipped policemen. After the fourth bomb exploded around 8.15 pm, people crowded the spots leading to much chaos.\"There is no communication system to give facts to citizens in the hour of crisis. Civic officials have discussed this in Thursday's meeting and will work with the police to sort it out,\" said a top civic official requesting anonymity.The disaster management plan had said that, \"Pune has shown the presence of 'terrorist sleeper cells'. Being an industrial and economically important city, it would naturally attract the wrath of terrorism. The recent German Bakery blast, an act of terrorism, has opened a new chapter in Pune's statistics of hazards/ disasters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15344835", "title": "New Indian Mujahideen module may have struck in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The agencies probing Wednesday's low-intensity explosions on Jangli Maharaj road here said they believe five to six people were involved in carrying out the blasts. While admitting that they are yet to establish their links to the Indian Mujahideen, which was behind the German Bakery blasts and several other terror attacks across the country, they said they suspect a new module might have planned the explosions. A crime branch source said their suspicion stems from the nature of the material used in the bombs and the modus operandi of the group.Officers of the Gujarat anti-terrorism squad (ATS), who are in Pune, are examining the sketches of the two men who bought bicycles from a shop at Phadke Haud here around eight hours before the first bomb went off. Three bombs were strapped on three bicycles, two of which were traced to the shop. The sketches of the terror suspects were prepared based on the description given by the shop owner and his two employees, who also said the men were conversing in Gujarati.A special team of the Pune police is checking the registers of all lodges in the city and questioning their owners to try and get any leads about the people involved in the blasts. The crime branch and ATS are examining CCTV footages from shops and restaurants on Jangli Maharaj road, Phadke Haud and Shaniwar Peth. The men who purchased the bicycles from Phadke Haud are suspected to have taken the Shaniwar Peth route.The agencies are also looking into the possible involvement of Maoists, extremist right-wing Hindutva groups and other extremist Islamic outfits. Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS) chief Rakesh Maria, camping in Pune to supervise the investigations, has formed three teams, each headed by a deputy commissioner of police. Two DCPs are from ATS and one is from Pune police.Home ministry sources in New Delhi said the involvement of Maoists was unlikely. However, Pune sleuths said they have taken cognizance of the Maoist angle because posters carrying Naxal propaganda were found at three or four places in the city over the last four months. Last year, three Maoists, including a woman leader, were arrested from the outskirts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15347417", "title": "PCMC told to step up security", "text": "PUNE: Pimpri-Chinchwad corporators on Friday urged the civic administration to step up security in the twin township in the wake of the serial blasts in Pune on Wednesday. The issue was raised during the general body meeting, which was later adjourned to condemn the blasts. Opposition leader Kailas Kadam sought to know the security measures the civic administration had taken and also the efficiency of its disaster management plan.Corporator Prashant Shitole said, CCTV cameras should be installed at important locations like municipal offices, octroi posts, schools, vegetable markets and hospitals.\"The corporation should make it mandatory for all developers to install CCTV cameras at buildings located in busy localities.''Shrirang Barne of the Shiv Sena said the administration was yet to implement the recommendations made by the general body after the German Bakery blast.PCMC chief Shrikar Pardeshi said the civic body will install CCTVs after police identify the spots .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15344972", "title": "Bansal not in favour of new Parliament building", "text": "NEW DELHI: Urgent action to remove \"encroachments\" in Parliament premises will prove to be a more prudent and cost effective option to reduce clutter and crowding than constructing a new building, parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal has said.Reacting to reports about plans to replace the existing heritage Lutyens era building with a new Parliament complex, Bansal said the problem of lack of space could be addressed by getting rid of a maze of ad-hoc construction that had sprung up within Parliament.Making it clear that he was speaking in his \"personal capacity\", the minister said he did not see the rationale for a new Parliament building as the existing one could be decongested by ensuring only essential ministerial staff, presiding officers, translators and media retained office space.Suggestions for a brand new building began doing the rounds after a safety audit found Parliament House to be overrun with cabling, hundreds of temporary cubicles and disused furniture. Lok Sabha secretary general T K Vishwanathan also told the media that with the number of MPs expected to go up after 2025, the current premises would be inadequate.Bansal said the heritage value of Parliament could be restored by clearing up encroachments and using collapsible partitions to create open modular office spaces. He also disagreed with the need for a new building to accommodate more MPs in the future. \"Central hall can be the new Lok Sabha chamber and the current Lok Sabha can become the Rajya Sabha,\" he said.The minister stressed an increasing rush of visitors could not be a reason to abandon Parliament House, a building steeped in history and heritage, and pointed out that other countries took pride in their parliaments. \"These issues will have to be discussed by a committee,\" he said, referring to a panel Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar is expected to set up.It is felt reports of a new Parliament building have been prompted by an embarrassing audit that showed the Central Public Works Department -- responsible for upkeep of the complex -- in poor light. The extent of unplanned constructions shocked MPs as it was found that staircases had been blocked off and even emergency escapes were clogged.The poor state of maintenance was exposed after a foul smell interrupted proceedings in Rajya Sabha during the Budget session. An examination of underground passages revealed air conditioning vents were shut due to security reasons. But MPs and officials found that underground emergency exits were also inaccessible.There is a great deal of scepticism about the plans to construct a new building as the project, besides costing hundreds of crores of rupees, does not appear justified in terms of likely requirements.\"The offices that are moved out of the main building can be housed in a new building behind the Mahatma Gandhi statue. There can be an underground level and this wing can be connected to the main complex by a passage as well,\" Bansal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15346845", "title": "Doctor accused of molesting ayah", "text": "KOLKATA: A 26-year-old ayah of Kolkata Police Hospital on Thursday accused a doctor of the hospital of molesting her.On the basis of her complaint, police have registered a case under Sec 354IPC at Bhowanipore police station. On Friday, accused doctor Dibyendu Mahajan surrendered in Alipore court and was granted bail.Police sources, however, said that the complainant - a group D state government employee - was show-caused a few weeks back for negligence of duty. Departmental proceedings were also initiated against her after she could not convince her higher-ups about her innocence. Interestingly, Mahajan was one among the doctors who played a crucial role in the proceedings. Doctors of the police hospital alleged that the ayah has framed Mahajan out of vengeance.Police refused to comment on that. \"We are probing all aspects. We'll speak to the complainant too,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15344705", "title": "Odisha govt\u2019s class IV staffer a crorepati", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A class IV employee of the Odisha government has been found to be a crorepati possessing huge property disproportionate to his known sources of income.Despite having a monthly income of only about Rs 10,000, a Khalasi in the state government's public health engineering department has allegedly amassed assets worth over Rs 1.16 crore, according to vigilance sources.The assets acquired by the man, who stays in a small asbestos-roofed house inside the premises of a pump house in Unit-II locality of the state capital, were unearthed during raids by the sleuths of the vigilance wing last week.Acting on an information, the sleuths conducted raids at his house and the residences of some of his relatives to find that the Khalasi was the proud owner of at least two houses, including a two-storey building in the state capital. The cost of this building alone was estimated at around Rs 50 lakh. The raids also showed that the employee owned at least four plots of land in different places in the state. These apart, he had already paid money as advance for two more plots in Bhubaneswar.During the search operations, the sleuths also found movable assets with a total worth of Rs 2.30 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15347247", "title": "Meghalaya bridge among 10 monuments to be spruced up", "text": "SHILLONG: The Union ministry of tourism facilitated the adoption of ten important Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) monuments by Institutes of Hotel Management (IHM) and Indian Institute of Tourism and Travel Management under Campaign Clean India. A megalithic bridge in Meghalaya is one of the ASI monuments.\"The monuments, include Golkunda Fort (Hyderabad), Se' Cathedral and St. Francis Assisi Church Complex (old Goa), Gwalior Fort (Gwalior), Buddhist Caves (Kanheri in Maharashtra), Megalithic Bridge (Um-Nyakaneth in Meghalya), Red Fort (Delhi), Temples of Bhubneshwar, Bhatinda Fort (Punjab), Mamallapuram Group of Monuments ( Tamil Nadu ) and Imambara of Asaf-ud Daula (Lucknow),\" an official communique said.\"The ministry will engage the Quality Council of India (QCI) for an independent and objective evaluation of the state of cleanliness specific to each monument chosen for adoption. The QCI will classify the improvement over the adoption period as average, good, very good and excellent. Based on the classification, the ministry will extend awards with citation to the adopters,\" the release read.\"The ministry will, in particular, work towards the cleanliness of certain identified tourist destinations. The objective eventually will be to ensure that the cleanliness and environmental hygiene, specific to the identified destinations, are truly world class and that they serve as models to be replicated elsewhere,\" the communique elaborated. The scheme will enable schools and non-profit organizations, including registered societies, trusts and clubs of repute, to adopt voluntarily certain indicated destinations.\"The ministry of tourism will, therefore, visualize and look for an India that impacts a visitor, to begin with, for its cleanliness and hygiene,\" the release said. \"Lack of or inadequate personal and environmental cleanliness will have a pull down impact on the image of India,\" it pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15344872", "title": "Unions on warpath, to protest strike ban", "text": "MUMBAI: While consumer activists welcomed the state government's decision to put strikers behind bars, the huge workforce in civic, industrial, transport, health, education and other government sectors plans to put up a strong resistance to the ban on strikes.\"One cannot rule out the possibility of a massive agitation in Mumbai to protest stringent provisions of the Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act,\" a source told TOI.About three months ago, Sharad Rao, who has control over the BMC, auto and other trade unions, had warned that workers would voluntarily bring \"essential services in Mumbai to a grinding halt\" if the new law were to be passed.On Friday, Rao refused to divulge his strategy, but said that unions will \"strongly react against the ban very soon\".There were also indications from certain unions that they may move court and file a public interest litigation over the next few days to demand \"justice for workers and protection of their freedom to raise their voice\".Taxi union leader A L Quadros said, \"We don't care about imprisonment. If they want to curb our freedom of speech and expression, and put us behind bars, we are ready to face it.\" He has been spearheading the cause of cabbies since 1962 and has been part of several strikes. He further said that till taxi drivers go on strike, government files don't move an inch.Bal Malkit Singh of All India Motor Transport Congress said, \"We don't love to protest or call for a 'chakka jam' (strike). In fact, transporters incur huge losses during strikes. It would have been much easier if the government heard our grievances at the earliest, but this never happens. Despite submitting several petitions, meeting everyone from officials to ministers (and also the CM) and taking out morchas, the government continues to turn a blind eye to our problems. We resort to strikes as a last-ditch attempt so that we can negotiate with the government on our demands. It is our fundamental right.\"Ganesh Batashetti, joint secretary, Maharashtra Government Employee Federation, agreed that in a democracy, everyone had the right to protest. He said, \"Our problems are never resolved in roundtable meetings with the government and issues linger.\"\"In a country where we gained independence by way of protesting and filling up prisons, there is little the government may achieve by trying to scare people against striking work,\" said Dr Shiva Kumar, secretary, Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors.Anil Garg, president, School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA), said the country was moving towards dictatorship. \"What's the use of democracy if one cannot question the government?\" he asked.Madhu Paranjpe, secretary of the Bombay University and College Teachers' Union (BUCTU), added, \"Globalization is creating such conditions that it is becoming difficult for people to maintain their living standards. Inflation and the escalating price of education and other things are adding to it. The only thing left with people is the collective right to negotiate issues and the government is taking away that right too. Strike is not an easy action and unions consider it as the last option to get things done.\"Consumer rights activist Shirish Deshpande, though, sa-id he was glad the governm-ent took a call to include self-employed workers such as au-to and taxi drivers in the ru-les. \"They cause tremendous in-co-nvenience to lakhs of comm-u-ters and this is unpardonable.\"(With Inputs from Sumitra Deb Roy, Shreya Bhandary &amp; Yogita Rao)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15348743", "title": "Krishna Aur Kans becomes tax-free in 6 states", "text": "India's first stereoscopic 3D animated feature film 'Krishna aur Kans' has been declared 'Tax Free' in Maharashtra, Punjab, Rajasthan, Kerala, Chhattisgarh &amp; West Bengal on the first day of its release itself. Further key states like Delhi, Haryana, Karnataka, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Madhya Pradesh are also strongly considering the proposal.This dual impact of tax-free status in major territories and the release of the film close to Janmasthami is turning this animation film into a success story. Schools across the states have started doing block bookings of the shows for their students. Even corporate, social groups and clubs in various cities across the country have done block bookings for their employees and members through bookmyshow.com. Religious organizations like ISCKON and various others have their members booking the shows in advance. The film has voiceovers by Juhi Chawla , Manoj Bajpayi, Om Puri , Prachi Save, Anupam Kher , A.K. Hangal, Mukesh Khanna etc.It has seen 1200 artists, including students of BIG AIMS work over this for 5 years. Directed by Vikram Veturi and produced by Reliance Animation, the film has been distributed by Reliance Entertainment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345361", "title": "Army officer's wife fights off robber", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wife of an army officer has displayed courage as she fought off an assailant brandishing a knife at her south Delhi quarter. The 53-year-old woman was also stabbed after she refused to comply with the attacker's demand for valuables and a bottle of rum.The incident took place on Wednesday morning when Urmila Devi was alone at her residence in Netaji Nagar. Her husband who works with the army postal service left his residence at 9am and their two sons and daughter were also outside. \"A middle-aged man rang the bell and asked for water. I did not respond initially. However, he stood there for half an hour, claiming he was with the army. Finally, I opened the door and he attacked me,\" Urmila told cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15350444", "title": "Bachchan ready for second shoot schedule", "text": "After a small hiatus for six days, the shooting of Uday Mehta's 'Bachchan' featuring Kiccha Sudeep in the main role will be resumed from August 9.The first schedule shoot has ended with a number of artists including hero Sudeepa, Nazzar, Parul Yadav and Jagapathi Babu participating in the shoot. After the first schedule of shoot, Sudeep had to fly to Chennai to be part of success celebrations and press meet of his Tamil film 'Naan Ee' directed by S S Rajamouli. Later he had taken a root canal treatment for his dental problems and is now recouping from pain. He is stay put in his house.Meanwhile Ashish Vidyarthi who is playing one of the baddies in the film and others will be joining the shoot from the next schedule. Hari Krishna is composing music for the film and is believed to be ready with a tune. A song may also be picturised in the next schedule, sources said.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15345421", "title": "Strike balance between activism and rights: Ex-judge", "text": "MUMBAI: Cautioning against unwarranted judicial activism, retired Supreme Court judge Justice B N Srikrishna on Friday said \"once judicial decision-making becomes arbitrary, inconsistent and detached from objective and fair rules of law and personality driven, it will fail to command the respect and obedience of people and there is imminent danger that the system may collapse.\"The judge was delivering the Lalit Doshi Memorial lecture on 'judicial activism'. \"Judicial forays into policy issues through trial and error, without necessary technical inputs or competence, have resulted in unsatisfactory orders that have been passed beyond 'judicially manageable standards',\" he said. \"Past cases like the Uniform Civil Code where 'embarrassingly' the court had to later 'play down its initial activist observations',\" he added.The judge said activist judgments may bring immediate succour but if in the long run fail to strike at the root of the problem, may result in loss of public faith. \"The essential role of the judiciary is to act as bulwark against illegal conduct by the government and it would work only if they apply the law consistently.... apply precedents,\" he added.Justice Srikrishna said, \"appropriate judicial conduct must tread a fine line between judicial activism of the kind where judges make new law to satisfy their own political, social beliefs and alertness to protect human rights...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15348659", "title": "Mumbai University wants mass media students to create awareness on gender sensitisation", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai University wants students of Bachelors of Mass Media (BMM) to act as agents of change and create awareness on social issues. The Women's Development Cell (WDC) of the university has urged all BMM students from affiliated colleges to initiate campaigns to create awareness on gender sensitisation, sexual harassment and more importantly on saving the girl child.The WDC has issued circular to all colleges following a workshop to discuss similar issues at university's Kalina campus last month. The university's circular mentions that BMM students are aware of the role mass media plays in creating awareness. It also states that these students further go in their life and become reporters, journalists and opinion makers. The circular issued by Kranti Jejurkar, the chairperson of the WDC, also claimed that without active involvement of young students through awareness campaigns, the drive will have limited impact. WDC also conducted a workshop on July 24 for all BMM College teachers and co-ordinators to discuss the same issue.Taking cue from this notification, students of Nagindas Khandwala College in Malad hit the roads on Wednesday with placards and badges to spread awareness about female infanticides. Around 60 students from the first, second and third year of Bachelors in Mass Media (BMM) of the college in Malad, had the campaign at around 12 locations in south Mumbai with banners, placards, badges and pamphlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15345478", "title": "Badarpur couple commit suicide", "text": "NEW DELHI: A couple allegedly committed suicide by hanging themselves from the ceiling fan in their house in Badarpur, southeast Delhi, police said. Sudesh (25) and Savita (23) have left behind a six-month old child and no suicide note has been recovered from the spot. Further investigations are on.In another case, a German national attempted suicide by jumping from the departure level at the terminal 3 of IGI airport on Friday morning, police said. Seidel Peter was rushed to a hospital and is said to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15346476", "title": "Kannur still grappling with political violence", "text": "KANNUR: Isolated cases of violence have been reported from different parts of the district on Friday, even as CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan and KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala visited the district.A group of unidentified men, allegedly IUML workers, attacked Thaliparamba Cooperative Hospital and broke the windows and doors of the hospital causing an estimated loss of around Rs 10 lakh.The hospital, controlled by the CPM, was in news after the murder of Muslim Youth League worker Abdul Shukkoor, as there were allegations that the conspiracy to murder him was hatched here.Meanwhile, the house of a home guard, P Prabhakaran, was attacked at Pazhassi near Mattannur and the crops in his compound were damaged. It is suspected that CPM workers are behind the attack.According to police, 157 similar cases have been registered so far in 35 police stations in the district in the last two days. They said things are under control now, and police patrolling has been intensified in the district.KPCC President Ramesh Chennithala visited the party offices that were attacked in the violence that followed the arrest of P Jayarajan.CPM state Secretary Pinarayi Vijayan visited the houses of the party workers that came under attack, and the Cooperative Hospital in Thaliparamba. Later, he visited P Jayarajan, who is lodged in the central jail here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-04"}
