{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11736066", "title": "Ravanan taken to Chennai", "text": "COIMBATORE: A team of central crime branch personnel from Chennai took M R P Ravanan, a close relative of Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa's estranged friend Sasikala Natarajan, to the state capital on Thursday morning, from the Coimbatore Central Prison, on a transit warrant in connection with a cheating case registered there.Ravanan, who was arrested and lodged in jail here on charges of abduction and extortion of Rs 10 lakh from Ravikumar(38), a building contractor from Sirumugai, is likely to be produced before a magistrate court at Alandurai on Friday to seek permission for his custody. The Chennai police have registered a cheating case against Ravanan based on a complaint from a realtor from Tirupur. The team escorting Ravanan will reach Chennai by midnight, police sources said.Ravanan got Rs one crore from R Krishnamoorthy, a realtor, by promising him a license to mine a sand quarry. However, he failed to deliver his promise. Chief Judicial Magistrate M Sreenivasan granted permission to the police to shift Ravanan to Chennai.Meanwhile, the principal district judge adjourned the hearing on the bail petition filed by Ravanan to Monday. His petition to the Mettupalayam judicial magistrate seeking 'A' class facilities at the Coimbatore Central jail has also been adjourned to Monday.Apart from Ravanan, his associates Sathya and Raja are facing charges of cheating, criminal intimidation and criminal breach of trust, based on a complaint filed by Krishnamurthy. In his complaint, Krishnamurthy alleged he paid Rs 1 crore to Ravanan at his Palavalkam residence for a sand quarrying license in Trichy and Karur. However, Ravanan failed to keep his side of the bargain and dodged Krishnamurthy when he demanded his money back. Ravanan and his associates even threatened him with dire consequences, Krishnamurthy said in his complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "11735083", "title": "Subhendu stays away from TMC rally in Midnapore", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Trinamool Congress MP Factionalism within the Trinamool Congress was evident on Thursday with Subhendu Adhikary preferred to stay away , the party's face in both Midnapores, staying away from a rally addressed by Union minister Mukul Roy on Midnapore Collegiate Grounds on Thursday. Nearly 90,000 supporters turned up for the rally, three times the turnout at the CPM rally former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee and Left Front chairman Biman Bose had addressed on the same ground 24 hours ago.Subhendu Adhikary , the Trinamool M.P., said he could not attend the rally because he had to go to court. during the day in connection with cases relating to Khejuri and Nandigram. So, he could not attend Mukul Roy's rally. That this was a mere excuse wasn't lost on the Trinamool district leaders owing allegiance to Roy. Clearly Miffed at Adhikary's absence, the party's West Midnapore district president Dinen Ray, who convened the rally, said: \"The call for the rally had been given over a week ago. Posters appeared all over the district that listed Adhikary as one of the speakers. But leaders didn't turn up though people did, and in large numbers. That's what matters in the end.\"In his 40-minute address, Mukul Roy said, \"Within 24 hours we have given a fitting organizational reply to Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee and Biman Bose's rally and its shows the support we command.\" Roy then said the large number of people who attended the rally didn't come to their side overnight.\"They always supported us but the CPM never allowed them to attend our rallies,\" added Roy.He then accused the CPM of harbouring harmads in the zilla parishad which it controls CPM district secretary Dipak Sarkar himself is a harmad and should be arrested. People don't want such people to roam scot free,\" he said.Roy rejected Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee's charge, hurled on Wednesday, about the state government framing false cases against Sushanta Ghosh and other CPM leaders. \"Sushanta Ghosh was arrested after skeletons were unearthed in Keshpur. He himself surrendered in court and was taken into custody on a court order,\" the Trinamool leader said.The Trinamool's district working president Pradyut Ghosh said 1,200 buses and 600 mini trucks carried people to the rally. Ghosh claimed 60,000 to 70,000 more people got stuck in jams while on their way to the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734681", "title": "IAC plans Jan Sabha before polls", "text": "MUMBAI: Team Anna will contribute to the February 16 civic elections here, after the recent loss of face when the social activist had to call off his fast. India Against Corruption (IAC) will hold a Jan Sabha to hear what candidates plan to take up in their areas.\"Due to low budgets allocated and the short period, candidates are finding it difficult to reach out to all voters in their constituencies. Therefore, as a responsible activist group, we intend to call all major candidates to a common platform for a Jan Sabha to hear your views on the work you intend to do for the area,\" said IAC convener Praful Vora, in a letter to the candidates.Vora said that over 100 constituencies in the 2007 elections were won with less than 1,000 votes. \"Therefore, it is in your interest to attend and address your voters through the Jan Sabha, so as to garner maximum 'swing' votes and win the civic elections, so as to serve the people of your area. We expect many voters and representatives of voter groups to attend it,\" Vora said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733818", "title": "Two former employees of bank held for cheating", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two former employees of a private bank, who had access to confidential customer information, have been arrested for cheating people on the pretext of reviving insurance policy accounts which became inactive due to non-payment of installments.The modus operandi was unique. The duo managed to cheat over 50 people in the past two years out of more than Rs 20 lakh, by making them fill in amounts on cheques with a \"magic pen\", whose ink would evaporate after a few hours. This allowed the accused to fill in any amount they wanted on the cheque later and encash it.Ravi Kumar, 21, a graduate, and his associate Vinish, 27, were nabbed from near IIPM College in south Delhi on Wednesday, following investigations into a complaint filed by Mahabir Singh, who was cheated by the duo. \"They have cheated more than 50 people out of more than Rs 20 lakh, which they spent on gambling,\" said Chhaya Sharma, deputy commissioner of police (south).Anil Sharma, chief investigating officer, said the duo had stolen confidential data from a private bank where they were earlier employed and cheated customers on the pretext of reviving their policy accounts.They approached Singh, whose policy was shut due to non-payment of installments in December last year, and convinced him to sign some documents with a 'magic pen' whose ink evaporates with time. The duo told him that his signatures would enable them to revive the policy.Singh handed over three signed cheques - for Rs 45,000, Rs 3,000 and another cancelled cheque for account verification - to the accused and received a photocopy of the same.\"Kumar remained in contact for 3-4 days and then went underground. His mobile phone was also found switched off. When Singh checked his account balance, he found that two cheques issued by him were debited and credited in the accounts of Ravi and Dinesh,\" DCP Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11735706", "title": "Globally networked customs, need of the hour", "text": "MANGALORE: A globally networked customs can help in trade facilitation and enforcement. The trade mispricing accounted for an average of 54.7% of cumulative illicit flows from developing countries. The global network of custom authorities will facilitate exchange of information on valuation of goods, rules of origin and intellectual property rights, said M V S Choudhary, commissioner for customs, Mangalore Customs Commissionerate.Dwelling on this years' theme of International Customs Day 'Borders divide: Customs connect' on the occasion of International Customs Day and 50th Year of Customs Act (1962) on Thursday, he said customs would build a global security network through advance electronic information. This requires standardized cargo data elements and effective risk management to facilitate customs-to-customs and customs-to-business co-operation.In support of this network, it is logical for World Customs Organization to dedicate the theme this year to connectivity, which aims at prompting customs administration to find the best way to increase collaboration, in terms of people, institutions and information that underpin and facilitate the achievement of customs' main goals. They are ensuring smooth and lawful flow of cargo and passengers as well as fighting various frauds and crime.The single-window environment has the potential to deliver transformational advantages to business by simplifying and unifying touch-points between the members of trade and different government departments involved in cross-border regulatory procedures. Steps like harmonized system nomenclature, world's global standard for classifying goods is already in place. As a first step, India is rolling out a system -- authorized economic operator.Under AEO, Choudhary said traders, logistics providers and customs agents sporting secure trader tag will be able to move their goods speedily through customs in countries with similar facility. The Presidential Award winners from Mangalore Customs and DRI - Srinivasa Nayak, superintendent and K Ramakrishnan, were facilitated on this occasion. Customs officers who retired were also feted.KCCI president Latha R Kini said customs has evolved the years and adapted to changing scenarios. \"In the event of Goods and Services Tax being implemented, customs will have a bigger role to play,\" Latha said.Former IRS officer Giselle D Mehta recalled her days as an IRS officer in customs and central excise and spoke about her literary contributions and how her earliest creative cravings took place in the customs department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11736660", "title": "Kutiyattam programmes from today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The success of the Kutiyattam programmes carried out last month at different places in the state has prompted the Centre for Kutiyattam to organize a chain of events in February as well. February edition of programmes will kick off on February 3, said director, Centre for Kutiyattam K K Gopalakrishnan in a press conference on Thursday.On February 3, 'Jatayuvadhanakam' by Pothiyil Gurukulam will be staged at the Baselius College, Kottayam. The edition will conclude on February 29.The Centre for Kutiyattam was set up in 2007 for the promotion and preservation of the Classical Sanskrit Theatre of Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "11734498", "title": "Minister asks millers to buy damaged paddy from ryots", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In an attempt to bail out the rain-hit farmers of Krishna district, school education minister K Pardha Saradhi has asked the rice millers to pick up discoloured paddy from the ryots. Reviewing paddy procurement with officials and millers here on Thursday, Saradhi said that 30,000 to 35,000 metric tonnes of discoloured paddy is lying with the farmers.\"The farmers are in deep trouble. It would be a deadly blow to them if the millers do not pick the partially-damaged stocks,\" he said. He directed joint collector Gourav Uppal to monitor the procurement by the millers. The total output in the district would be around 14 lakh metric tonnes and picking up 30,000 MT of discoloured paddy should not be a big issue for the millers, the minister noted. He appealed to the farmers not to go for distress sale. He also asked the millers to approach officials or him if they face any trouble from the FCI authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11734954", "title": "Ten yrs on, buyers to get promised homes", "text": "THANE: Aggrieved home-buyers who were not given possession of their tenements even after 10 years of making payments to a Kalyan-based builder secured major relief from the Thane District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, which on Thursday fined the builder and directed him to hand over possession of the tenements within two months.The firm, Galaria Buildcon Construction Company, owned by Istiaqye Israil Khan, has been directed to pay Rs 90,000 to each of the ten persons who had booked a flat in the project, called Galaria Nagar, at Khadavli village in Kalyan. An additional Rs 10,000 is to be paid to each complainant towards legal expenses incurred. President of the forum MG Rahatgaonkar and member Jyoti Iyer delivered their judgment after hearing the complainants, the builder and representatives of GIC housing finance company which had disbursed the housing loan to the home buyers.The complainants Sanjay B Velhe, Kalpana B Jagle, Rajesh S Khandle, Arun B Ubale, Bandhu P Jadhav, Tara Y Dalvi, Ganesh G Mhaske, Jayashree M Bhosale, Vilas S Jadhav and Mahadev V Chandlekarhad paid between Rs 1.50 lakh to Rs 2 lakh to the builder for a tenement priced at Rs 2.50 lakh in 2001. A major chunk of the funds paid to the builder were raised through funds from the GIC.They said that the builder had not completed the construction till date and was dilly-dallying about his commitments despite receiving funds from them, the complaint said.The builder's representatives, however, argued that the buyers had failed to pay the entire amount and had defaulted on payment of Rs 15,000 each for installation of electric meters and Rs 3,000 payable for society registration.When the forum's presiding officers demanded to know the progress of the construction and other basic amenities such as sewage line etc, the builder presented a letter issued by the local gram panchayat in 2003 and said that it was akin to an occupation certificated issued by the urban local body. The forum observed in its orders that such a letter cannot be deemed as a valid occupation certificate and there are no supporting documents or evidence to suggest that that the builder has completed his project and provided the promised amenities on the residential plot.In its order the forum directed the builder to hand over possession of the flats in 60 days and should be fail to deliver in the stipulated time he will be liable to pay each of the aggrieved home buyers 12 per cent interest on the total sum paid by them to the builder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11736041", "title": "Poll posturing assumes pot and kettle hues", "text": "With barely nine days to go for the panchayat polls, the battle of the ballot has reached a fever pitch. From an attack on a minister to blame game over poll code violation, electioneering for the rural polls is veering towards the murky. Ashok Pradhan and Debabrata Mohapatra spoke to three stalwarts -- Ashok Sahu of the BJP, Congress' Niranjan Patnaik and the ruling party's Sanjay Das Burma -- about the ongoing messCong manifesto set wrong precedent, state poll panel partisan: Ashok Sahu, BJP vice-presidentThe ongoing election campaign is a litmus test for the Naveen Patnaik government facing numerous corruption charges. With Congress-led Central government being a still bigger symbol of corruption, both BJD and Congress are in the same bracket. People are thus going to select the BJP as a natural choice.Our party has been very effective in highlighting the government's all-round failure, particularly in implementation of government schemes meant for rural areas. Money meant for villages under numerous schemes is not percolating there. There is no medicine in primary health centres though crores of rupees are being spent under the National Rural Health Mission. Faulty appointment policy in the ambitious Sarva Siksha Abhiyan (SSA) has deprived local graduates to get jobs closer home. Teachers are not getting pay or are getting it irregularly. Poles have been installed under the rural electrification scheme but there is hardly any power supply. All this chaos has been created due to largescale corruption. People realize this and there is a strong anti-BJD wave.Though the BJD and Congress have become very aggressive in their campaign, they are not going to benefit much because there is a strong anti-corruption sentiment. Ours is the party which highlighted the series of scams such as the mining, NREGA and coal scams and successfully brought it to public notice.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik is campaigning for the elections on a daily basis. No chief minister generally takes part in rural electioneering like this. Similarly, Congress set a wrong precedent by bringing out an election manifesto for the first time in the history of panchayat elections. It is erroneous because sarpanch and panchayat samiti elections are non-partisan. The state election commission is functioning in a manner that suits the ruling party. There should be greater autonomy of the commission so that it can perform its duty more impartially.Despite all this, BJP is in a strong position because of people's natural averseness to the ruling party in most pockets. There are several examples of people sending back BJD leaders packing during the ongoing campaign. The BJD has also realized this and is trying to pump money to turn the tide in its favour. Of the 854 Zilla Parishad member seats, we have put up candidates in 808 segments. We are in a comfortable position in most of them.Our manifesto made BJD nervous, ruling party using all means to grab panchayats: Niranjan Patnaik, president Odisha Pradesh Congress CommitteeA desperate government is trying to grab panchayat bodies by using any means. We spelled out our priorities if we come to power in the elections through our manifesto. This made the government nervous. This is because the issue of corruption we highlighted instantly struck a cord with the masses. There was so much demand for the copies of the manifesto that we went out of stock within days.The BJD allegation that the manifesto violated model code of conduct shows their desperation and fear of losing the polls. Whatever issues we spoke about Naveen Patnaik and his cabinet colleagues in the manifesto were either discussed in the Assembly, appeared in the media or are in the courts. If it was an attempt to defame the BJD then the ruling party should explain why more than a dozen ministers were sacked. The allegations were not Congress' figment of imagination.Instead of choking our freedom of expression, there should be proper inquiries into the allegations and BJD should defend those in the courts. We have not done any character assignation and have not violated any poll code. It is well within our right as individuals and as a party to raise such matter of public interest. We will soon reply to the state election commission on its showcause on the reported breach.Congress is a responsible party, all our works are within the limits of established democratic norms. We never indulge in violence or unfair means. Much of the violence can be attributed to BJD infighting.I think the government has a lot to explain to people. Instead of doing that, it is trying to hide its incompetence and graft by indulging in a blame game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11724994", "title": "Infamous fights and patch-ups in Bollywood", "text": "The recent Shahrukh Khan-Shirish Kunder slapgate and their subsequent patch up reinforces the fact that in showbiz, there are no permanent friends or foes.Bollywood celebrities have had their share of happy and dramatic moments, with blown out spats between established stars and filmmakers for long.While some buried the hatchet and are friends again, others are still at loggerheads. Choreographer-turned-director Farah Khan's husban Shirish Kunder was allegedly punched and slapped by Shahrukh Khan him at a private party after he blasted the superstar's movie 'Ra.One' as a \"fizzled out firework\". The fracas created national headlines and within a day the two patched up, burying aside their differences. The fall out between Farah and Shahrukh began when she started her third film 'Tees Maar Khan' with Akshay Kumar and Salman Khan.And with the alleged assault on Shirish things seemed to have worsened the situation , but both SRK and Farah are good friends again, having let bygones be bygones after much mud slinging. Another much talked about feud is between Shahrukh Khan and Salman Khan. In 2008, at Salman's then girlfriend Katrina Kaif's birthday bash a heated argument and disagreement between the Khans created a rift between the two.Till date, there are several unconfirmed theories floating around and nobody knows what exactly happened at the party. But the incident left such a scar and the split only seemed to widen as both Khans are in no mood to call a truce. Salman and Vivek Oberoi , former boyfriends of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, are also at a cold war for a long time. In 2003, Vivek had called a press conference claiming that a drunk Salman had called him up 41 times and abuse and threatened to come over to his house and kill him. That was the beginning of an enstranged relationship that has continued till date. Vivek had also apologized to Salman, but the latter did not acknowledge the gesture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11732988", "title": "Valentine's Day: Rose exports rise as the event nears", "text": "PUNE: Flower growers and exporters seem a happy lot despite extended winter that may have delayed rose production considerably. With Valentine's Day round the corner, rose exports have gone up by 10% to 25%.Experts say that the impact of winter on the quality of roses has been positive as the size of the flowers has gone up to 5cm, in comparison to 3.5 to 4cm during summers. This, coupled with the rupee devaluation and recession, has given exporters here an edge over international players like Kenya.Praveen Sharma, president of the Indian Society of Floriculture Professionals (ISFP), said, \"Growers plan for Valentine's season between December 7 and 20. In India, the period between one flower flush (bloom) to another varies from 40 to 50 days. The lowest interval is during summer, while during winter the period increases to 48 to 52 days. This year we are experiencing severe winter which will result in prolonged interval, but the quality of roses is excellent, as they are winter loving flowers.\"He added that the exports for Valentine's Day starts from February 1 and export orders have been better this year in comparison to last. \"The samples from here are as good as those seen in Kenya. We already have some cases where an importer from East Europe canceled his order from Kenya and opted for Indian flowers after seeing the quality. In addition, the price of roses in the Pune region is lesser than that of international roses,\" said Sharma.Sharma further said that this year's Valentine's season will be one of the best in the last four years, due to the ever-growing domestic market, which registered an almost 20% growth this year, as also stable demand for exports. \"Weak rupee against major currencies will also help the cause of exporters. In the last four months, there has been a 15-18% devaluation of the rupee, which will boost realisations for exporters. I predict a 5-10% rise in exports during this period,\" he said.H S Walia, an exporter from Talegaon, said, \"Winter has delayed production considerably. One stem takes about 45 days to mature; extended winter however prolongs the harvest period by 6-7 days, and blooming is delayed.\" Walia, however, said that exports to Europe have risen this year almost by 20-25%. \"Indian roses are in great demand as they are relatively cheaper than roses from Columbia, Kenya and Ethiopia,\" he added.Avinash Jadhav, manager - Exports, from a floriculture unit in Kolhapur, said that demand for Indian roses has been increasing with time and buyers from Europe, Japan and Australia have expressed their interest for professional long-term association with volume players. \"Our flowers are cost effective in comparison to those exported by Kenya, Ethiopia and Ecuador , and there is also year-round supply. Our exports have increased by 20-25 % approximately this year,\" said Jadhav.Sanjay Raut, another exporter from Kolhapur, said, \"Though the quantity of production has remained the same for us, exports have gone up by 20-25% this year, during the Valentine's season.\"Valentine's DayValentine's SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734535", "title": "Ban bus day celebrations: Congress body", "text": "CHENNAI: Following the chaos and traffic snarls in the city due to bus day celebrations last Tuesday, Tamil Nadu Students' Congress cadres led by state president P Prabhudoss on Thursday met police commissioner J K Tripathy and sought a ban on bus day celebrations in the city.Thanks to the bus day celebrations by students of Nandanam Government Arts College, the institution has earned a bad reputation, Prabhudoss said.Meanwhile, Chennai city police conducted an awareness meeting at the Nandanam College presided by the college principal (incharge) S Venkataraman.Joint CP (south zone) K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran, DCP (Adyar) Prabhakaran, ACP (Saidapet) P Deivasigamani and other police officers also participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733738", "title": "Nursery admissions: Wait for vacancies, try NCR schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: Do not despair if your child has not secured a nursery seat yet. Schools are likely to announce second lists - albeit with fewer seats - against vacancies.Children who got through multiple schools will have to surrender all but one of their seats. These vacancies will then become available to candidates who have been unsuccessful in the first round.\"The chances are bright that we will have a second list. Parents should book a seat wherever they get through first and then change to the school of their choice if they get lucky in the second list,\" said LV Sehgal, principal, Bal Bharati School, Ganga Ram Hospital Marg.Continuing in the playschool is also an option for children who could not get a seat in a formal school at the age of three. Most playschools run classes from pre-nursery to KG. So, a child can pursue nursery there and shift to a proper school in KG. The only hitch is that the number of seats in KG is generally small.Parents residing in east and south Delhi can also look for schools in parts of the NCR. Noida has many upcoming schools which welcome parents with easier admission norms. Gurgaon, too, has new progressive schools which step up their classes with every new batch.\"Our admission process started in October-November and was already closed. But we had kept aside around 50 seats for later as we had seen a huge demand among Delhi parents last year. Admissions to these seats will open in the coming days after the process in Delhi settles down,\" said Sarita Madhok, principal of Noida's Mayoor School, which is affiliated to Mayo College.\"After parents register, we will have a short informal interaction with them. We generally look for parental profile. We also have our buses plying to south Delhi,\" she added.Sumit Vohra, who runs an online portal on nursery admissions, said, \"Parents should keep an eye on the second list and if that does not work, many schools in the NCR have vacancies\".Advocate and Social Jurist founder Ashok Aggarwal said, \"All government schools should be upgraded to the level of Central schools. This will deal with the paucity of schools.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11735981", "title": "Series GJ-29 for vehicles registered in city soon", "text": "VADODARA: Vehicles owned by persons from the city will have a new identity in the near future. The registration series GJ-6 will no longer identify the vehicles registered in the city and may be replaced with a different series GJ-29.Registration series often become an identity for vehicles from a particular district or city. If GJ-1 would distinctly mean that the vehicle is from Ahmedabad, GJ-5 would imply Surat and GJ-6 would mean that the vehicle belongs to Vadodara. But that might not be the case with vehicles of Vadodara and Padra.The new series will be a fallout of an administrative split in Vadodara RTO that is expected to take place in the near future. The RTO is set to start work on a new office in Darjipura on the outskirts of the city for which the proposals have already been cleared.On the other hand, it is looking for space withinthe city for another office as well. While the plan earlier was to have a new office at Darjipura, both for the city and rural areas, it had to be changed after resistance as it is far from most parts of the city. \"Now, the Darjipura office will handle work of the entire district except Vadodara and Padra talukas,\" said Vadodara regional transport officer M M Makwana.He said that this would imply a new office headed by a new person who would deal with registration of vehicles too. \"A new series may come up for Vadodara and Padra talukas while GJ-6 will be used for all other areas,\" Makwana said.He, however, pointed out that this would affect only new registrations and that too after the new office comes up in the city. \"The new office for the city will take some time in shaping up as we are yet to identify land for it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11736683", "title": "CBI court convicts 26 more in fodder scam", "text": "RANCHI: Disposing of yet another case of multi-crore fodder scam related to fraudulent withdrawal of Rs 67.49 lakh from Sahebgunj treasury, special CBI court of Justice G K Singh on Thursday convicted 26 more people, including 10 public servants and 16 suppliers. One of the suppliers named Phool Singh was not present before the court and notice of appearance could not be served on him following which the court issued a non-bailable warrant of arrest against him.The court slated February 14 as the next date of hearing for case number RC-20A-96 in which former Bihar chief ministers - Lalu Prasad and Jagannath Mishra - along with R K Rana are the key accused. The court has directed the trio along with others to remain present in the court on the next date when their statements will be recorded.Special CBI counsel Shiv Kumar Kaka said there were total 36 accused in case no. RC-41(A)-96 out of which six have died, two turned approvers and two are already serving a term in the jail. The minimum to maximum punishment pronounced for the accused in the case ranges from imprisonment of one year with a fine of Rs 2,000 to imprisonment of five years with fine of Rs 6 lakh respectively.Among the public servants, budget and accounts officer Sahebgunj Braj Bhushan Prasad has been fined with a maximum Rs 6 lakh and sentenced for five years whereas district animal husbandry officer (DAHO) Eric Kerketta has been fined Rs 5 lakh and sentenced for a jail term of four years. Two mobile veterinary officers - Dr Bimal Kant Das and Dr Krishna Murari Shah - have been sentenced to four years each and slapped with a fine of Rs 6 Lakh and Rs 3 Lakhs respectively.Accountant at the treasury Sudarshan Ram has been fined Rs 4 Lakh and sentenced for four years whereas treasury clerk Shailendra Mishra has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 1.5 lakh.Treasury officers - Binay Kumar and S N Jha - have been sentenced for three years and a fine of Rs 2.5 lakh been imposed on both of them. Treasury accountants - Alok Kumar Gupta and Ashok Kumar Ghosh - have been sentenced for two years imprisonment and slapped with fine of Rs 1.5 lakh each.Among 16 suppliers convicted in the case, Tripurari Mohan Prasad has been sentenced with maximum punishment that includes jail term of four years and cash fine of Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11736044", "title": "In a first, Kovai college starts students-operated IT firm", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a rare instance of an educational institution providing its students with real time software projects, Kalaivani College of Technology has started a company, Majestixx Software Solutions, with a team of 30 students, including CEOs and CFOs among them, who will run the company. Their main challenge: To bring in projects and develop solutions.The company run by second and third year students will also research and understand the requirement of the IT industry. Any revenue pocketed will be shared among the students. The research and development team will be the biggest in the company, which will run from the college premises.After finishing the course, the students have the option to move on and hand over the company to their juniors or run the company from outside their campus. A new company will take shape for juniors to fill in the newly created void.The company will actively work through the week, with students doing an extra work such as browsing the internet for better understanding of their projects during weekends. The management of the college and Key Mind, an IT training and software solutions company, has selected the students in the college. \"It is hoped that students will be able to solve real issues in IT companies before they graduate and go out into the world,\" said Sajit Surendran, placement officer at the college.M Prem Prakash, a third-year student, said that this is India's first 100% student-employed IT company. \"The company will be launched on February 3,\" said Prem. \"Kunal Banthia, CEO of Evershine Group of Companies, will inaugurate the IT company,\" he added.The company is developing its own projects. \"As we are first to do this, we are literally creating history and we are being closely watched for the same reason. As we were selected after a long list of interviews, I am hopeful that we will succeed,\" said Prem, who is in the electronics and communication batch. He said students have been taken from a wide range of classes so that inputs would be varied. \" Key Mind Pvt Ltd, which is into career engineering, is playing a crucial role in shape this venture,\" said Prem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734661", "title": "Fireman guides plane to land in absence of ATC at Tirupati airport", "text": "CHENNAI: \"Good morning ATC. This is flight 9W 2761... flight level 200,\" radioed a pilot of the Hyderabad-Tirupati Jet Airways flight with 60 passengers on board as it approached the Tirupati airport at 7.30am on January 9. At the other end, inside the air traffic control tower of the airport, it was a fireman who replied.As neither of the two air traffic controllers supposed to be on duty had turned up, fireman Basha called up airport deputy manager Janarthanan who instructed him to take control of the ATC. Taking directions from the AAI official over the phone, Basha entered the ATC tower and operated the radio. Speaking in broken English, he gave the pilot the information needed for a safe landing.Pilots coming in to land at the Tirupati airport, which has minimal landing support equipment, rely mostly on visual approach and inputs from the ATC. The airport handles seven flights daily, but doesn't have an approach radar. An air traffic controller is posted in shifts to tell the pilot about runway conditions, weather, wind speed and wind shear before giving the clearance to land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11735529", "title": "Election officials hopeful of higher voting", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district election office is hopeful of a higher polling percentage in the UP assembly election given the impressive rate in Uttarakhand and Punjab.The district election office along with the educational institutions is organising rallies and symposiums to create awareness on polling. Students of a private institutional group took out a rally here and apprised people about their voting rights.As per records, only 86,800 out of 3.28 lakh voters had cast their vote in City North assembly seat in the last assembly election. This year, while the strength of voters is around 3.48 lakh, officials are hopeful that more voters would go to the polling booths.Similarly, only 93,704 out of 2.86 lakh voters had cast vote in City South assembly seat in 2007 assembly election. This year, the strength of voters in same assembly seat is 3.17 lakh.In 2007, rural based assembly seats had witnessed better polling in compared to urban based assembly segments.In Karchana and Handia assembly seats, only 1.42 lakh voters had exercised their franchise in the last assembly election.The district election office has also installed hoardings at 20 spots in the city to spread awareness on voting.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11735382", "title": "Free basic education to children of sex workers", "text": "KANPUR: The basic education department of Uttar Pradesh would provide free and compulsory education upto class 8 to children of sex workers on the pattern of West Bengal.The officials of the basic education department said that according to the orders of Basic Shiksha Parishad and the Supreme Court, even the children of sex workers below the age of 14 years would be given free and compulsory education. The officials of the department of every district in the state were asked to identify such children through a survey.The basic education department took the help of voluntary and non-government organizations (NGOs), who identified certain areas in every district of the state and provided necessary inputs about the children.There is a list provided to basic education department of the district. It includes 144 families. These families were identified by NGOs.An official of basic education department said that all the families enlisted in the survey were sex workers. The official also claimed that most of the children of the enlisted families were already getting education.Basic shiksha adhikari Rakesh Kumar said that earlier, the department had focussed on bringing children of weaker section of the society to schools. This includes labourers working on roadside dhabas, restaurants, small-scale industrial units, etc. Now, on the orders of the Supreme Court, children of sex workers will also get free education.The BSA further informed that that all the enlisted 144 families in the survey belonged to 'Rajkiya Unnayan Basti' and 'Bhannanapurva Basti' in Chamanganj. During the survey, nearly 90 per cent kids of 80 families of 'Rajkiya Unnayan Basti' were found getting education. However, some families were not having any kids and some families were having kids above 14 years of age.\"We found that most of the kids in Rajkiya Unnayan Basti were getting education. However, two children of seven and nine years were not going to schools. We admitted them to the nearby basic school,\" Kumar added. He said that nobody was found in the 64 locations in Bhannanapurva Basti.The survey was conducted in the second fortnight of January. Kumar said that the basic education department would provide free, books, food and school dress to such children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11739281", "title": "TV stars at Kolkata Book Fair", "text": "The Zee Bangla Stall has become one of the biggest crowd pullers at the 36th International Kolkata Book Fair.With the presence of celebs from the popular serials every day to interact with people, the channel's stall turned out to be a sure winner.Exciting games and quizzes are being played throughout the day and goodie bags and gifts are being given away.Be there to catch this frenzy with Dustu ( Oindrila) and Charu ( Rita Koyral) from \"Saat Paake Bandha\" on February 3, June from \" Didi No 1\" on February 4, Sudipa from \" Rannaghar\" and Raashi from \"Raashi\" on February 5, only at the Zee Bangla Stall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11735312", "title": "Police summon minister Jalgaon cops summon Deokar in 10-yr case", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major embarrassment for the NCP on the occasion of elections to the zilla parishads and municipal corporations, senior leader and minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar was summoned by the Jalgaon police for recording his statement in a 10-year-old criminal case filed against him, along with 90 corporators of the Jalgaon Municipal Council.In 1999, the then municipal council chief executive office Pravin Gedam had lodged a criminal case against Deokar, who was then the chairman of the council and 90 corporators for their alleged involvement in a multi-crore housing scam. Then the state government had set up a committee headed by veteran bureaucrat Sudhakar Joshi to probe into the scam.Later, the probe was entrusted to retired Supreme Court judge P B Sawant. Both Joshi and Justice Sawant had indicted the elected representatives of the Jalgaon municipal council.Leader of opposition Eknath Khadse had raised the issue in the legislative assembly on several occasions, saying, the law enforcing agencies were deliberately protecting Deokar and his colleagues in the council.\"My information is that it was a fraud of well over Rs 450 crore. Each and every decision taken by the Jalgaon Municipal Council during the past 10 years was illegal and in blatant violation of rules, but despite such a situation, the government was protecting the errant politicians,\" Khadse said.He said, in view of his specific complaints, successive chief ministers had promised stern action. However, owing to obvious political reasons, no action was taken against Deokar and corporators.Khadse said for the low-cost housing schemes, tenders were floated by the civic body, but no norms were followed while allotting the contract. As a result, the civic body had to face huge financial loss.While there was no response from Deokar, a senior NCP leader said Deokar was unnecessarily being dragged into the controversy as he was a minister now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736156", "title": "Child should be put up for adoption: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: The abuse of the sevenyear-old girl at the hands of her stepmother has evoked strong reactions from experts in the community, some of whom even advocated parents giving up the child for adoption rather than torturing her in an hostile environment. While statistics on such incidents are scarce, the CWC says these kinds of cases are not very rare. In a similar incident that had come to light two years ago, a two-year-old child was badly abused by her stepmother, and the case had come to the police's notice via neighbours. In this case, the girl's biological mother was alive but she too had remarried like the child's father. At the time, CWC had coaxed both the parents to give the child up for adoption, which the biological mother had refused. But she never came back to meet the girl. The child is still in an orphanage. She has recently been diagnosed with heart problems, and therefore may never be adopted. Chairman of CWC Dr Shaila Mhatre strongly advocated that couples unsure of providing a conducive environment for the child's growth should consider giving him or her up for adoption. \"There are many families where both parents have remarried and they do not know what to do with their child. They can surrender the child so that he/she gets a good home and education,\" she said. But Mhatre admitted that it is an \"uphill task\" to convince parents to so such a thing.Jayssita Panigrahi, managing trustee of Malad's Bal Vikas Sanstha, said there are cases where the fathers have been languishing in prisons for years, and thereby unable to provide care or shelter for their children. \"But surrendering parental rights is just never an option for Indian parents,\" she said. \"In such cases, it is difficult to tell what is worse, growing up in an institution or at home,\" she said.Experts say the issue of child abuse is multi-dimensional, and the Indian view of child being parental property and subject to discipline, only adds to the complexity of the issue. A National Study on Child Abuse in 2007, including 12,447 children, 2,324 young adults and 2,449 stakeholders, revealed that two out of every three children were physically abused, and 88.6% were abused by their parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11735196", "title": "Porters on strike at Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: Passengers on Thursday went through a time tough at the Howrah station after licenced porters went on a strike in demand of the withdrawal of Rail Sevaks who started carting luggage to and from trains a year ago. Not only did hundreds of porters sit in dharna outside the station manager's chamber since 10.30am, they also prevented the Rail Sevaks from working. Passengers could be seen carrying their own luggage to and from trains. Even children were seen helping out their parents.\"It is such a shame. We are returning from a wedding and have a lot of luggage. We approached a porter but he demanded Rs 1,000 to carry the luggage. When we inquired, we came to know about the strike. They aren't even allowing the Rail Sevaks to work.Even elderly passengers are being forced to carry their own luggage. The railways are doing nothing about this,\" said Dipak Bhowmik, a passenger.Eastern Railway officials claimed they didn't want to use force as this may result in chaos and further harassment to passengers. \"I know of the harassment that passengers are facing. What the licenced porters are doing is incorrect. We have no problems if they work as Rail Sevaks themselves. I have called representatives of the porters on Friday and will try to reason with them. We don't want to us force as this may affect services. Similar agitations have taken place in the past as well. During the Pujas, some porters were even arrested,\" said Parthasarathi Mandal, divisional railway manager, Howrah.The Rail Sevak scheme was introduced a year ago by then railways minister Mamata Banerjee . Unemployed youth were allotted trolleys by the State Bank of India to cart passenger luggage and charge Rs 35 for each trip. The scheme became extremely popular with passengers who were used to being fleeced by the porters. Last year, 175 Rail Sevaks (including seven supervisors) joined the scheme and started working at Howrah. Not a single complaint was received by the railways against the Rail Sevaks.\"Passengers were happy with us. The sevaks charge Rs 35 from passengers and they pay Rs 30 per day as supervision charge. This is spent by the service provider to maintain the trolleys and pay the supervisors. The porters are claiming that our agreement has lapsed. This is incorrect. Our agreement with SBI was renewed recently,\" said Kauser Raza, a Rail Sevak supervisor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11735548", "title": "Sozzled inmates watch out!", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sloshed undertrials beware! The jail administration has decided to have breath analyzers to keep a tab on inmates who return inebriated from court hearings. Police officers said these would also help them check errant cops and jail staff who drink during office hours.\"At times, undertrials consume liquor when they go out for regular court hearings. Their friends or relatives, who come to meet them, offer them drinks. So, we plan to have breath analyzers. We will procure these in some days,\" Alok Kumar, inspector general, Chandigarh prisons, said.\"Besides, cops who accompany them will also be examined on their return. Surprise raids will also be conducted to make sure no staffer of Model Burail Jail comes to duty drunk or has it in office hours. Offenders will be strictly dealt with,\" he added.Sources in the jail said, \"In the past, on a few occasions, liquor bottles had reached jail barracks. But now, foolproof measures have been adopted to check it.\"Kumar said special de-addiction sessions would be held to help prisoners quit drinking.The high-security Model Burail Jail accommodates over 700 inmates. Many of them are drug addicts and face charges of heinous crimes.The jail had hit the headlines in 2004, when terrorists Jagtar Singh Hawara and Paramjit Singh Bheora had dug a tunnel and escaped on January 22, 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11736602", "title": "Govt okays UoM's move to shift professor", "text": "MYSORE: The state government has okayed the controversial decision of the University of Mysore to shift zoology professor Shivabasavaiah to the Chamarajnagar PG centre. He reported for duty on Wednesday, but will restrict himself to administration.The assent from the higher education department came on Wednesday and the varsity issued the order appointing him to Chamarajnagar PG centre as its coordinator. He has reported for duty and took charge on Wednesday, registrar P S Naik told TOI. \"We're running three courses there and Shivabasavaiah will look after the administration,\" he explained. According to him, the government approved the Syndicate resolution and directed the varsity to post him to Chamarajnagar.Research scholar M Saritha, who had accused Shivabasavaiah of sexually harassing her which were proved by the varsity's Women Harassment Complaint Committee, had opposed the Syndicate decision and said she will approach court. The Syndicate in its special meeting on January 21 had decided to initiate disciplinary action against him based on the findings of the committee and cut nine increments and decided to shift him to Chamarajnagar. The women organizations and activists had staged a sit-in on Monday against the decision, seeking the government to step in and scrap the decision of the Syndicate. They also had demanded the professor's dismissal.The varsity on January 23 communicated the Syndicate resolution to cut nine increments and post him to Chamarajnagar. This was because the government had transferred him to Kuvempu University on November 8 and the UoM had relived him on the same day.But the Kuvempu varsity didn't allow him to take charge and Shivabasavaiah approached the varsity on November 11 asking it to allow him to work at his parent institution. Though the varsity wrote a letter to the higher education department seeking a directive on November 16, there was no reply. Now, the government has deputed him back to the UoM, which has put him in-charge of its Chamarajnagar PG centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11735170", "title": "Transformer fire spreads, burns dry grass at Cavelossim", "text": "MARGAO: Around 300 sq m of dry grass caught fire near a primary school in Cavelossim after a transformer got burnt on Thursday afternoon.Margao fire and emergency services (F&ES;) personnel who rushed to the spot near Mobor beach doused the flames. F&ES; authorities, who said that they had received a complaint from Cavelossim panchayat, added that they were in the process of carrying out further investigations.Cavelossim panchayat officials had feared that the fire would soon spread and damage the government primary school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733932", "title": "He used baby in pram to shoplift from malls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Next time, they frisk your baby and the pram as you enter a mall, don't be shocked. A 35-year-old man, who used to frequent malls in Delhi and NCR with his three-year-old baby and steal expensive items, has been arrested.The accused Sandeep Sharma, had a unique modus operandi to get away with the booty - stashing the stolen items under his baby and inside the pram. Sharma allegedly removed the bar censor tags and slipped the stolen goods into a secret cavity which he had specially made for this purpose in the baby's perambulator.During interrogation, Sharma told cops that he had been stealing items this way for the last six months and had got the idea after watching the 1978 Bollywood film Shalimar.Interestingly, Sharma is a graduate from a prestigious college in DU's North Campus and is a post graduate in hotel management from a college in Mumbai. Sharma also owned a guest house in Gurgaon and used to travel to malls in a chauffeur-driven car, cops said. His confidence, fluency in English and the presence of a baby all proved effective foils as no one ever suspected him of theft until the day he was caught on CCTV camera while stealing Dr Dre headphones worth Rs 30,000 in Saket's Select Citywalk mall.\"We received a complaint from the owner of a music store in the mall regarding a theft. After he provided us with CCTV footage of a suspect we registered a case and began investigations. Rajender Singh, SHO Saket, analyzed the footage and also examined other footage from cameras installed in and around the mall and was finally able to trace Sharma's Ritz car in the parking lot area. Once cops had the license plate number of the accused they were able to track down the owner of the car,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP south.\"Upon sustained interrogation, the accused broke down and confessed his involvement in the crime. We are further investigating the case to establish his involvement in other incidents,\" added Sharma.The Saket police learned that Sharma used to zero in on costly yet small items which he could easily hide in the pram. After hiding the stuff in the cavity he would make the baby sit on the pram again and walk out of the shop confident that no guard would check him or the pram. No security alarms went off as Sharma had been careful to remove the security tags beforehand. When cops questioned the driver of the accused he told them that Sharma used to frequent large malls on a regular basis and return with costly gadgets on each occasion.Sharma, the son of a retired railway official, hails from Rewari in Haryana and resides with his family in Gurgaon. Sharma, cops said, used to leave home with the baby on the pretext of taking him to the mall for an outing, while his wife remained oblivious to the fact that their son was being used as a prop by her husband to shoplift items far beyond his means.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11735871", "title": "EU team in Punjab to inspect potatoes for import", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Potatoes from Punjab are turning globetrotters. While last year the state supplied these tubers to Russia, this time, growers are eyeing Europe as a market. A three-member European Union (EU) food and veterinary office audit team is touring Punjab to examine whether state's potato crop is pest-free.As part of that, the team met principal secretary (agriculture and Markfed). Director (horticulture) Lajwinder Singh Brar told TOI, \"Punjab government had written to Centre about its desire to export potatoes, which the state has in surplus. The government had written to EU and now this team is here.\"The potatoes were tested in laboratories of the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) and Central Potato Research Institute, Jalandhar. The team also checked packing centres, cold storage facilities and seed farms in the state and export arrangements at Attari border.Punjab produces 21 lakh tonnes of potatoes on 80,000 hectares. The state has claimed it is pest-free when it comes to tuber crops. It has been seeking market access to EU for past five years.It had claimed that the potatoes here did not have the diseases known as brown rot and ring rot. \"Climate here is such that pests, especially these two (which are prohibited by EU) are not present,\" said Brar.Europe is the world's largest importer and exporter of potatoes. \"We have 4-5 lakh tonnes of surplus potato produce. Farmers are not able to get good prices for the crop and our export experience with Russia has been encouraging,\" said Brar.Around 10,000 tonnes of potatoes were exported to Russia last year from Punjab. A recent bumper crop had led to low prices being offered for potatoes. That had led to protests from farmers who dumped the produce on roads as a mark of protest in December.The EU team's report, which will be routed through Centre, is expected to help ascertain if Punjabi farmers get to see their produce on European dining tables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734689", "title": "Civic polls on schedule, says state poll panel", "text": "MUMBAI: Elections to 10 municipal corporations in the state, including the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), will be held on schedule, the state election commission (SEC) announced on Thursday. The announcement by state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan came after she claimed the Supreme Court (SC) said there was no need for now to re-verify nearly 7,000 caste certificates issued to candidates across the state, including 750 in Mumbai.The SEC also announced that counting of votes for the zilla parishad (ZP) polls would be held on February 17, along with the civic elections. This came as the state home department said it was against counting of votes for the Brihanmumbai, Thane, Pune, Nashik and six other municipal corporation elections on the day of polling.Expressing inability to completely re-verify the certificates at such short notice, the SEC had told the Bombay High Court on Wednesday that it would tell candidates to file undertakings that their papers were suitably verified by the state vigilance cell.\"With the SC stay, we will not even ask candidates for an affidavit and the regular process will take its course. The polls will go on as per original schedule,\" Satyanarayan said.The interim period of chaos has meant the SEC has been forced to push ahead dates for withdrawal of nominations from February 3 to 4 and poll symbols will be issued on February 6, instead of 4 for the civic elections. \"Under no circumstances will I shift the polling date from February 16 because I have to completely re-establish these corporations before their terms end on March 4. If I don't do that, I would fail in fulfilling my constitutional duty,\" Satyanarayan said.The SEC also said same day counting for the ZPs and municipal corporations will not be possible as being demanded by political parties. Except Thane, Satyanarayan said, no other corporation had initially agreed to it. The reason, the SEC had said, was that a recent verification drive of 1, 30,000 electronic voting machines that have come to it from the Centre, found many are not in a working condition. Moreover, the machines with the SEC cannot accommodate more than 15 candidates. \"Keeping these things in mind, counting on the same day is not possible. Even in Thane, the police have told me they are facing law &amp; order problems,\" Satyanarayan said.Additional chief secretary (home) Umesh Chandra Sarangi stated that as police forces in Mumbai and other municipal corporation areas will be engaged with polling work, \"it will be difficult for cops to keep tabs on law and order if votes are counted on the day of polling\".Another senior home department official stated that policemen will begin duty at the crack of dawn on the day of polling. \"If counting of votes is scheduled the same day, policemen will have the additional burden of victory rallies and a tense situation in wards where candidates and their supporters may be unwilling to accept defeat. The process of counting will go on till late evening, which will prove to be taxing for the police,\" the official said.\"In view of this, we have decided to convey to the SEC that the police force should be spared the onerous duty of counting of votes on the day of polling,\" the official added.The SEC said it has received 18,881 nominations for the elections to the 10 municipal corporations. Of these, 5,219 are for 502 reserved seats. In Mumbai, 3,344 nominations were received, SEC officials said.It has also, in line with its guidelines, banned exit and opinion polls from February 7 onwards once the ZP elections begin. Television channels and political pundits will be allowed to conduct debates but not speculate. \"You can do that only after February 16,\" she said.State govt warned on civic chiefThe state election commission (SEC) clarified on Thursday that it was unhappy with the three-month extension to municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar as guidelines were not followed by the Maharashtra government.A warning has been served to the government that a similar mistake next time will not be tolerated, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733903", "title": "MCD demolishes, seals 15 properties", "text": "NEW DELHI: The MCD carried out sealing and demolition drives in the city on Thursday. In South zone and Najafgarh zone 11 properties and four properties respectively were sealed and demolished.Illegal portions of properties in Vasant Kunj, Begumpur, Krishna Park, JVTS Garden and Swaran Park in Mundka were razed.As many as 33 properties were demolished in a week in South zone and officials say that drive will only intensify in the week to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734570", "title": "Eid-e-Milad to be celebrated on Sun", "text": "MUMBAI: Muslims in the city are gearing up to celebrate Eid-e-Milad, Prophet Mohammed's birthday, on February 5. Homes, mosques, dargahs and madrassas are being decked with flags, buntings and banners to welcome the day, considered to be the most blessed in the Islamic calendar.Apart from decorating their homes and places of worship, many Muslims and community organizations are holding Eid-e-Milad meetings, where preachers talk about the significance of celebrating the Prophet's birthday. \"It is an occasion to reiterate our respect and honour to the Prophet,\" said Maulana Shakir Noorie, president of Sunni Dawat-e-Islami, a body of Sunni Muslims. Noorie, along with half a dozen other senior Sunni clerics, addressed an Eid-e-Milad congregation at Haj House near CST on Monday. Addressing the same gathering, another cleric, Maulana Rizwan Khan, announced that several such meetings were organized at different mosques and madrassas in the city before the celebrations end in massive rallies. The biggest rally will be organized at the historic Khilafat House in Byculla.Raza Academy, another Sunni group, is selling flags, buntings and banners at subsidized rates. \"We are unable to meet the demand for flags and badges,\" says Saeed Noorie, Raza Academy's general secretary. The area near Minara Masjid on Mohammed Ali Road wears a festive look as not just the mosques, but even shops are being decorated. \"Lightings are part of the Eid-e-Milad celebrations,\" says Babu Bhai, a Dongri-based businessman who works voluntarily to popularize the custom of celebrating the Prophet's birthday.However, a group of ulema (religious leaders) maintain that Eid-e-Milad, unlike kalima (declaration of faith in one God and His Prophet), namaz, roza, zakat and hajis not mandatory and a Muslim will not get divine punishment if he doesn't celebrate the Prophet's birthday. \"Instead of displaying banners and badges and shouting slogans, Muslims should pray silently for peace and harmony,\" suggested senior cleric Maulana Shoeb Koti. However, Koti felt that those who want to celebrate it with due decorum and decency should be allowed. \"There is no reason to fight over whether the Prophet's birthday should be celebrated or not,\" explained Koti, quelling the feeling that a group of Deobandi maulvis discourage celebration of Eid-e-Milad, saying it is an innovation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11736461", "title": "Singhs extend joyous welcome to Jasleen", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Singh family of Gurdev Nagar welcomed Dugri's Jasleen Kaur when she got engaged to their son, Randeep Singh, recently. While Randeep is a businessman, Jasleen is pursuing MBA.The sweet-looking couple got betrothed by exchanging rings after the 'ardas'. Following the ceremony, both the families celebrated the day on Wednesday during a gala affair on Pakhowal Road.\"Jasleen is a lovely girl. I am proud that she is my would-be wife,'' said Randeep. Family members and friends graced the event and blessed the couple. \"Jasleen is a very charming girl. She will bring good luck and cheerfulness to the family,'' smiled Devender Jeet Kaur, Randeep's mother.A musical group and DJ added pep and verve to the party. The couple also cut a beautiful four-tier white-icing black forest cake topped with fresh red roses.Randeep's newly born nephew, Rehras, also added joy to the gathering as he enchanted everybody with his innocence.The couple is eagerly looking forward to the wedding scheduled for December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11735717", "title": "High \u2018Time\u2019 for NRI who is busting Wall Street", "text": "WASHINGTON: Mahatma Gandhi made Time magazine cover thrice, and Jawaharlal Nehru six times. Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi had their moments too, as did the Nizam of Hyderabad (1937) and Parveen Babi (1976) on the odd occasion.But in a first for Indian-Americans, Time has put New York Southern district attorney Preet Bharara on its cover with a glowing story on his take-down of some of the most powerful interests on Wall Street.\"Prosecutor Preet Bharara collars the masters of the meltdown,\" the cover proclaims under the title 'This Man Is Busting Wall Street' . The accompanying narrative on the Ferozepur, Punjabborn attorney talks of the \"man who is bringing mob squad justice to Wall Street\" while questioning some of his controversial tactics, including wire tapping to gather evidence, and whether it will be admissible in court.The upcoming cover, which will hit the stands on Friday, comes just a day after Bharara announced mortgage fraud charges in New York on three former highlevel employees of Credit Suisse accusing them of overstating the value of bundled housing loans by $540 million and contributing to an eventual $2.65 billion write-down by the bank.Amid immense anger in US over the housing value meltdown, the story credits Bharara with making one of the first big criminal busts in the world of mortgage bonds, three years after the collapsing value of those complex investment vehicles nearly destroyed the global economy.Bharara, who was appointed NY Southern district attorney by president Obama in 2009, came into the limelight soon after he cracked down on illegal insider trading on Wall Street, winning a conviction of hedge fund billionaire Raj Rajratnam, and putting several Indian-Americans, including former McKinsey honcho Rajat Gupta, in the dock.A Harvard alumnus, like Obama, Bharara explains how when he came to the job in 2009, he found that \"there was a creeping culture of corruption in our politics and also in Wall Street and in business generally\", a complaint echoed by the US president.Insider trading, he says, was a practice which \"tells everybody at precisely the wrong time that everything is rigged and only people who have a billion dollars and have access to and are best friends with people who are on boards of directors of major companies, they're the only ones who can make a true buck\" .The NY attorney's position is one of the most highprofile jobs in US law enforcement and is seen as a stepping stone to higher calling in politics and administration. Bharara, 43, is a legatee of several distinguished predecessors, notably former mayor Rudy Giuliani, who went on to become a national figure, and Louis Freeh, who became the FBI Director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734944", "title": "Kapil Sibal deflects 2G blame to NDA, Raja", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union telecom minister Kapil Sibal on Thursday said that the Supreme Court's judgement was an indictment of the NDA's 'first-come, first-serve' (FCFS) policy as the UPA had simply followed the policy of the previous government.He, however, sought to shift blame on the then telecom minister A Raja, who is currently in Tihar Jail, for alleged irregularities in the manner in which the policy was implemented, saying the Supreme Court clearly stated that Raja did not heed to the \"good advise of both the PM and the finance ministry\".Coming out with first government's reaction to the apex court's order cancelling 122 2G licences, Sibal said: \"There is no indictment of the Prime Minister or the then finance minister (P Chidambaram) in the Supreme Court's judgment. If there is any indictment, it is the 2003 policy (first-come, first-serve) of the NDA government and we only followed it\".He, at the same time, welcomed the Supreme Court's judgment for bringing \"clarity\" to the entire issue, and said the government will move forward in the issue after regulator TRAI make its recommendations. Stating that the government would abide by the judgment that spectrum should be auctioned which, he said, the ministry has done by delinking spectrum from the licence after he took over last year.Asked whether Chidambaram was guilty of omission by not preventing the scam, Sibal, flanked by the minister of state for personnel V Narayansamy and telecom secretary R Chandrasekhar while addressing a press conference, said how he could be blamed if there was no time for him to know that some wrong was being committed.On 'collective responsibility' of the government, Narayansamy said the day-to-day implementation of any policy did not fall under this category as it was the responsibility of individual minister.Before coming out with official reaction to the apex's court order, Sibal met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and home minister P Chidambaram separately. The matter was learnt to be later discussed in a meeting of the Group of Ministers on media which was attended by Sibal, information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni and Narayanasamy.About losses to the government, the telecom minister said \"there is no question of loss if the policy (FCFS) is right and if the policy is faulty then you will have to calculate losses from October 2003 onward when the policy was implemented.\"And if there was loss, he said, the BJP, therefore, must apologize to the nation for causing huge loss to the government.Asked what lesson the government has learnt from the apex court's judgment, Sibal said \"which ever the minister is functioning, must consult everybody... and not commit any irregularity.\"On whether the FCFS policy, which is also applicable in other sector like mining, could be impacted by the judgment, the minister said \"it could be\". He, however, said that the government will not pre-empt a revision of the policy in other sectors.\"Why should we pre-empt, there are statutes in other sector, let the Supreme Court strike it down,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738846", "title": "3 cheers for Shweta", "text": "Singer Shweta Mohan is currently basking in the success of her Nee Partha... song from 3 and one of the people impressed by her rendition is none other than Dhanush himself !\"Soon after I got home from recording the number, Dhanush sent me a message, appreciating my rendition. He also wished me all the best for my future. It was sweet of him to find out my contact number and do so,\" she states. The singer, apart from Anirudh, is currently working with a lot of debut music composers. \"It's an encouraging sign for the industry as there's so much talent out there,\" she says, \"The young breed of talent brings forth a lot of new ideas in terms of music and sound.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11739194", "title": "New JEE to blur class XII marks bias?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new single Joint Entrance Examination being proposed for admission to Indian Institutes Technology/ National Institutes of Technology/ Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research/ Indian Institutes of Information Technology and state government-run engineering colleges would not have a uniform weightage to class XII results.Sources said while there would be a single-test, class XII weightage would have variations that would cater to needs of different engineering colleges and state governments. For instance, the source said, Weightage given to class XII result would be different for admission to IIT and for other engineering colleges. Weightage would be even state-specific. There would be a band of weightage that institutes and state governments would be free to choose from.Variation has been devised to deal with concerns of the state governments, many of whom feel that due to different system of evaluation in each state, students from low-scoring states should not be discriminated. In Tamil Nadu, admission to state government-run engineering colleges is on the basis of class XII marks and not any entrance test. For states like Tamil Nadu, weightage for class XII has to be different from what it would be in Bihar or Uttar Pradesh, the source said. The T Ramasami committee working on a new single JEE has not made public findings of analysis of past data of school boards that was done by Indian Statistical Institute last year.ISIs report accessed by TOI shows that it was not even made part of any presentation. The report, while analysing data of CBSE, ICSE, Tamil Nadu board and West Bengal board, found that class XII scores from these boards are not comparable. It said, Since the subject scores do not appear to be comparable, the question of combining them for comparability of aggregate scores across the boards does not arise. A meeting of state education ministers has been called later this month. In case, state governments do not come on board, the ministry is planning to go ahead with a single entrance test for Central government-run engineering institutions from 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jamalpur", "code": "11735551", "title": "Vishaily wants to dine with Ranveer", "text": "JAMALPUR: To marry the one she loves, have dinner with Ranveer Singh, eat non-vegetarian food from a place near Kasauli, become a judge and buy a Rolls Royce are only some of Vishaily Monia Sharma's desires before the world ends.The 25-year-old, who is an advocate, she wants to become judge and speed up the delivery of justice for poor people. \"I feel pain seeing poor people suffering due to delay in justice.The worst sufferers are victims of crime against women. I wish to become a judge and at least mitigate the sufferings of the oppressed by delivering prompt justice,'' she said.Vishaily said since she has never gone out of the country her next wish is to go on a world tour, particularly to countries like Europe, United States of America, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa , Hong Kong and Canada . \"I want to take my friend Raman and sister Sonia along because they are very special to me.''Ranveer Singh's hairstyle and dressing sense have impressed Vishaily so he is the celebrity she wants to be seen with. Her next desire is to take her family for a drive in her own Rolls Royce luxury car. However, her dearest wish is to marry the one she loves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734227", "title": "HC rejects plea for narco test on Vijay", "text": "HYDERABAD: Special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma of the CBI court on Thursday dismissed the CBI plea for a narco test on V Vijay Sai Reddy, accused number two in the YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy's assets case.The CBI is seeking a test to find out the technical intricacies involved in the money laundering that allegedly helped the Kadapa MP grow rich, particularly after 2004. Various courts in the country had in the past held that such a test could not be conducted on a person without his consent.In the present case, the CBI charged the accused with non-cooperation and said that this test was the last option for it to get to the bottom of the truth. Vijay Sai did not agree to the test and, on the other hand, contested it stiffly on the ground that as a person, he had the right to remain silent.Citing the rulings of the AP High Court and the Supreme Court describing such a test as violative of a person's fundamental rights, judge Nagamaruthi Sarma rejected the CBI plea.He said narco test would violate section 161(2) of CrPC and Articles 20(3) and 21 of the Constitution.This is the second case in which CBI failed to obtain a nod from the courts for narco test. The first one it tried unsuccessfully was on Satyam founder B Ramalinga Raju.Meanwhile, Justice R Subash Reddy of the AP High Court Thursday directed the state government to continue providing security cover to family members of Vijay Sai.The judge passed the interim order while dealing with a writ petition filed by Vijay Sai's daughter and his wife, Sunanda Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "11735893", "title": "A wedding that will see flowers replace monetary 'shagun', dowry", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: The family and relatives of an activist of save the girl child campaign won't accept any customary \"shagun\" (gift) and dowry from the bride's parents on his wedding. Giving \"shagun\" is an age-old tradition but in this case, the bridegroom's family will just accept flowers from the family of the bride as \" shagun.\"Deepak Kamboj, 27, a resident of village Bahadurpur of the district, an MBA, employed with a private educational institute in Yamunanagar has been working for save the girl child campaign. He wants to set an example and give a call to the youth to promote this trend which will help in curbing the practice of female foeticide, as many couples resort to the practice as they fear they would not have adequate money for the marriages of their daughters once they grow up. Initially Kamboj faced some resistance and it took him a while to make his relatives agree to his terms.Kamboj is set to tie the knot with Sonia, a resident of village Basrana (Yamunanagar), a post-graduate in computer science on February 5. Both the girl and the boy belong to well off business families.According to the regional custom, called \"millai,\" the bridegroom's family honours the groom's family and every \"barati\" by giving monetary gifts. But in this case, just flowers will be offered in place of money. The groom will not accept anything in dowry except Rs 101 as \"shagun.\"The bride's brother, Sushil Kamboj, who is vice-president of the district Vyapar Mandal said, \"We are happy that our family is going to set an example. We agree with Deepak that if we want to do something concrete to stop female foeticide, a dowry-less marriage will be the first step.\"Balbir Singh, the groom's father said, \"We appeal to the every youth to follow this practice.\"Villagers too are appreciating the Deepak's resolve. Jai Singh, a villager said, \"We are happy that Deepak will be setting an example by not accepting dowry.\" Meanwhile, deputy commissioner, Ashok Sangwan has said that the administration would honour the couple for their initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734770", "title": "Court cancels appointment of five professors", "text": "CHENNAI: The appointment of five associate professors at Madras Institute of Development Studies (MIDS) here has been quashed by the Madras high court.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice R Subbiah passed the order on a writ appeal preferred by K Sivasubramaniam, who said that despite possessing required qualifications, his case was not considered by the selection committee.The five associate professors - S Anandhi, Brinsha Viswanathan, L Venkatachalam, Ajith Menon and Kirupa Ananthpur - were appointed on August 14, 2006. When challenged, a single judge of the high court dismissed the writ petition of Sivasubramaniam, on the ground that the court's writ jurisdiction would not cover MIDS, as it did not come under the 'State' as defined in Article 12 of the Constitution.Allowing the present appeal, the bench said that MIDS is indeed a state organ as it received grants from the Tamil Nadu government as well as the Indian Council of Social Science Research (ICSSR). Founded in 1971, MIDS was reconstituted as a national institute in March 1977 under joint sponsorship of the Government of India through the ICSSR and the Tamil Nadu government.In 1985, the Reserve Bank of India established a Chair in Applied Research in Regional Economy at the institute. Also, the duties being performed by MIDS are in the nature of public function, the judges said, adding, \"therefore, in our opinion MIDS is within the ambit of the State under Article 12 of the Constitution.\"The judges also said that contrary to the MIDS faculty recruitment rules, three noted social scientists from universities did not find a place in the selection committee.\"Therefore, we are of the opinion that the advertisement issued by MIDS and the conclusions of the selection committee are totally contrary to the rules. The order dated August 14, 2006 appointing the five professors is liable to be quashed,\" they concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734319", "title": "Principals' recruitment in Gujrat: Technical snags let down applicants", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Many candidates who wished to file online application for the position of principals in grant-in-aid colleges on Thursday were disappointed as the server was down. A number of candidates complained that they could not file the application due to the technical error.The commissioner of higher education office had recently given NOC to colleges for recruitment of principals on 103 posts, which are lying vacant across science, commerce, arts, education and law colleges all over the state. The process of filing online applications had begun 10 days ago and Thursday was deemed to be the last day. Later, however, authorities said that the last date for filing applications is Friday and candidates need not worry due to the dysfunctional server.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11736038", "title": "The root of tapioca crisis", "text": "SALEM: The lush green tapioca plants standing in the three-acre plot of Rajendran, a farmer in Ammampalayam, Attur in Salem district, points to a crisis in the making. The tapioca should have been harvested a long time ago, but with prices nose-diving Rajendran has preferred to let the crop standing. \"We should've harvested this crop planted in last Thai (January). But we can't as the price is down. A 90 kg bag fetched Rs 350 to Rs 400 last year, but we are offered just Rs110 this year,\" said. He is waiting for the price to improve, but he can't wait for long. \"The starch content of the crop will decrease gradually and we will be the losers,\" he adds.The plight of Rajendran and wife, Padmavathy, who have cultivated cassava crop for the past 20 years, is shared by 1.5 lakh farmers across Salem, Namakkal, Dharmapuri, Erode, Tiruvannamalai and Trichy districts. On Thursday, Tamil Nadu Vivasayigal Sangam held a protest seeking state intervention to address tapioca farmers' concerns.Tamil Nadu produces 40 lakh tonnes of the 60 lakh tones of tapioca produced annually in India. In Salem district alone, 34,000 hectares of land is under tapioca cultivation, according to Sagoserve, the marketing society for sago, a byproduct of tapioca.Like in the case of many other crops, irrational price fluctuation has made life uncertain for tapioca farmers. Between 2005 and 2008, the average price for a 90kg bag of sago was Rs 1,500. In the next two years, it rose to Rs 2,900 and topped at Rs 3,926 per bag in 2011. Attracted by the rising price, more and more farmers took up tapioca cultivation. And, then prices fell. Now, at Rs 2,935 per (90kg) bag, farmers are staring at big losses.Tapioca has a 10-month cycle, says P Raju, a farmer from Attur. \"A tapioca farmer spends nearly Rs 15,000 per acre and harvest a profit of Rs 5,000 per acre, if the crop fetches a good price,\" according to Rajendran. For farmers, a good price is when a 90kg bag of tapioca fetches at least Rs 400. And for that, sago prices have to move up to at least Rs 3,500 for a 90kg bag.Government officials blame the fall in price on excess cultivation. Says V Inbaraj, deputy director of horticulture, Salem: \"Normally, tapioca fetches a good price. But because of high prices last year, more area (at least 20% rise) has come under tapioca this year. So, the price is very low.\" Inbaraj adds that to handle such price fluctuation the government advises farmed to go for mixed cropping.However, Association of Corn and Cassava cultivators offers a different take on the crisis. Association president S Govindarajan claims that sale of chemically processed sago by large business groups have led to a fall in consumer confidence. \"Import of sago from Thailand, Indonesia and Vietnam has also led to a fall in price here,\" says Govindarajan. The use of chemicals in sago manufacturing is also a threat to the environment. Consumers who are aware of chemicals in sago are switching over to products like oats, he says. He adds that if the quality of sago is assured, the market for it will go up since a large number of people in northern and western India consume sago.Tamil Nadu Vivasayigal Sangam general secretary P Shanmugham says fertilizer prices have increased 200% and wages for harvesting the crop has gone up by 50% in a year. Based on that the price of a (90kg) bag of tapioca must be fixed at Rs 600, he argues.The industry wants the state government to request the Centre to restrict import of sago. Shanmugham says talks must be held between state officials, sago manufacturers and farmers. One suggestion mooted by a government official was to streamline sago sale by bringing more cultivators under Sagoserve, a cooperative society floated to help tapioca farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11734122", "title": "Bio-diversity park: Fears over land claim", "text": "GURGAON: Anticipating the fact that the private owners of a considerable chunk of land within the 500-acre bio-diversity park will stake claim once it is fully developed, the municipal corporation has expedited the process of acquiring this land.According to the officials, over 50 acres is jointly owned by villagers of Nathupur and they are waiting for the area to be developed before asserting their right so that they can get higher returns.\"Right now, none of them seem to have any immediate plans to carry out any construction activity in the area since there might not be many takers; however, conceivably, they are waiting for the right opportunity to do so to get maximum benefits. So once the park is fully developed, they might come forward to stake claim.We are fully aware of their possible game plan and are therefore planning to acquire all the land that does not belong to the corporation,\" said an official.The official added, \"Around 35 villagers of Nathupur own around 50 acres, while a prominent private builder own over two acres inside the park. The process to acquire the said land is underway and we are identifying the owner, khasra (plot) number and the exact measurement of land. Once we have this report from the tehsildar,we will send it to the district revenue officer for further action.\"Security has remained a concern in this park with the locals vandalizing and thrashing the security guards at will, in the recent past. Just last week, an attempt was made to steal around 20 plants, forcing the MCG to increase the strength of security guards posted here. While at present there are just five security guards to man the entire 500-acre park, the number is likely to increase to 15 in the coming days.\"The work to fence the entire park is under process and till the time it is not done, villagers will keep entering the park and spoil the property. Moreover, a gas pipeline passes through the park and it is very important to safeguard it from being damaged,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11735089", "title": "Police to verify if security guards have criminal records", "text": "PANAJI: The Old Goa police who are investigating the robbery at the Museum of Christian Art that took place last Wednesday evening, are now trying to verify if the 14 security guards employed at the museum during the last two years have any criminal record. For this, they have written to the police in the native state of the security guards.\"Most of the security guards are from Bihar and Nepal . We are trying to verify if they have any criminal record or if they are wanted by the police,\" a police official said.Old Goa police have arrested two security guards - Ravi Kumar, 20, from Bihar and Tikka Bahadur, 29, from Nepal- on suspicion. They also suspect that two persons from Mumbai could also be involved in the robbery.Two gold rosaries, one gold cross, one gold chain, one gold bracelet, one gold waist belt, all either from the 18th or 19th century, valued to be worth crores of rupees were stolen.A technical expert sent by the police to Mumbai to retrieve CCTV recordings at the ticket counter at Panvel railway station has returned without much success. The police were hopeful that the faces of the two accused who along with the two security guards were involved in the robbery, would have been captured by cameras while purchasing tickets to Goa. Museum security guard Luis Bogato, 55, was killed during the robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733965", "title": "Agashe, Alekar to speak at international theatre meet", "text": "PUNE: The eighth edition of the annual international conference of the Indian Society for Theatre Research will have luminaries from theatre, like actor Mohan Agashe and playwrights Satish Alekar and Sadanand More, speaking on various aspects of theatre.The theme of the conference, which will be held at the Foundation for Liberal and Management Education (FLAME) in Lavale from February 9 to 11, is 'Indian Theatre and Pedagogy: National and International Perspective'.The conclave has been organised in collaboration with the International Federation of Theatre Research. Around 112 abstracts (research papers) will be presented in the general conference and research scholars' forum, both part of the conference.Around 100 delegates are expected to participate from various Indian states as well as from UK, Germany, the US and Canada. These include representatives from theatre, music, dance and classroom teachers in these disciplines.\"The objective is to help communication between participants and seek a dialogue on the contemporary expressions required in theatre training and pedagogy,\" said Prasad Vanarase, dean of the FLAME School of Performing Arts, at a press conference on Wednesday.The conference proceedings will be held from 9 am to 5.30 pm, followed by performance of plays like 'Hawalaat, 'Bade Bhaisahab' and 'Ladi Najariya'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736274", "title": "Victim called up wife a day before rash act: Kin", "text": "MUMBAI: Andheri resident Santosh Alkar (38), who strangled his two children and later ended his own life on Wednesday, had spoken to his wife, Radha, over phone on Tuesday, relatives told the police.Radha (28) who was in Singapore at the time of the incident landed in Mumbai on Thursday around 3pm.\"The post-mortem of Santosh and her children was carried out at Cooper Hospital,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Andheri division) P M Wadkar. \"Her statement will be recorded once she settles down. Her testimony will throw light on what triggered Santosh to commit such an act. Radha will be asked about the talk she had with Santosh hours before the incident,\" he added.The murder-suicide was discovered when Radha asked her sister-in-law, who resides nearby, to check on her family. \"When my aunt, Asha Naik, went to check on Santosh she discovered what had happened. Usually, Santosh and his children visited her home to have dinner daily. Sometimes, the children would stay back at her home,\" Santosh's nephew Ravi Mirekar told TOI on Thursday.Santosh had made it clear in the suicide note that no one should be held responsible for his act, relatives said. \"In the suicide note, Santosh apologized to Radha for the rash act and asked to live happily in Singapore,\" Mirekar added.\"Our investigations have revealed that Santosh had gone into depression, as he had being unemployed for a long time. Since he suffered from prolonged diabetes he was unable to take up gainful employment,\" said Pradeep Gosavi, senior inspector of Andheri police station. The reckless act has shocked Santosh's relatives. \"He never had any squabbles with his family members or relatives,\" said Mirekar. \"In spite of his financial condition, he wanted his kids to get good education,\" Santosh's cousin, Santosh Dhotre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11735307", "title": "Man gets 10 years jail term for killing wife", "text": "KANPUR: A man identified as Harpal Singh was convicted by the district and sessions judge, Ramabai Nagar, Ali Zamin for killing his wife for dowry and sentenced him to undergo10 years of rigorous imprisonment. A fine of Rs10,000 was also imposed on him.The judge acquitted Virendra Singh, Chhoti Bitti, Siyawati and Kavita for want of evidence.Harpal Singh, a resident of Bichiapur village, located under the jurisdiction of Mangalpur police, had killed his wife Lalita Devi three months after the marriage. He hanged the body from the roof to give it a colour of suicide. Lalita and Harpal got married on May 4, 2008 . Harpal was not satisfied with the gifts and he was demanding Rs 30,000.Lalita's parents gave him Rs 10,000 before the death of their daughter and had asked Harpal to give some time for the remaining amount. But the man killed his wife on August 30, 2008.In another verdict, additional district and sessions judge Neerja Singh convicted Hashim and Munna, residents of Kakdeo, for kidnapping a married women and raping her. They were punished for seven years of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5000 each.Another accused Mahir Ali died before the trial began. Yamini Devi had lodged a report with the Kakadeo police that her married daughter was kidnapped by some persons on April 28, 1998. A boy of the locality had passed a message that Munna had called her. She went to meet him and thereafter she disappeared.The woman was recovered on June 10, 1998. The victim told the police she had gone to Govind Nagar after receiving a message. Hashim and Munna were there. She drank water given by them and lost her senses. They took her to Kannauj by train. They physically exploited her. Later, Mahir also joined them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11736016", "title": "VMC plots to GAIL rakes up controversy again", "text": "VADODARA: The proposal for allocation of Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) plots to GAIL (India) Ltd to set up CNG stations has raked up a controversy again.VMC's standing committee is to decide on a proposal in this regard that has been sent to it by the administrative wing last month.This is the second time that the committee has received such a proposal. A similar proposal for three plots was made in June last year, but was withdrawn after opposition by senior BJP councillor Shailesh 'Sotta' Mehta, who raised certain issues regarding the second proposal too.Mehta stated that one of the open plots that was to be given to GAIL was earmarked as an 'open space'. He has also pointed out that in 2008, the civic body had proposed to make a skating rink there under the public-private partnership model. The standing committee is yet to decide on that proposal. \"This shows clear lack of coordination,\" Mehta said.He said legally too it would be wrong to give plots to GAIL as the law stated that this could be done only by way of an auction. tnnIf plots were given to GAIL, then the civic body should ensure that they are given at market rate to the joint venture company for city gas supply, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733884", "title": "Man arrested for stunts on railway track", "text": "PUNE: The Government Railway Police (GRP) on Thursday arrested a 25-year-old man, for performing stunts on the railway tracks.A GRP team led by senior police inspector Mahendra Rokade arrested Clive Vincent Francis of Bopodi on the tracks near Dapodi railway station. Francis was attempting to lie down between the tracks of a speeding train.Francis was a regular with such stunts since the last two years. Inspector Rokade said, \"He used to lie down between the railway tracks of speeding trains and emerge unharmed once the trains passed,\" Rokade said.The police on Thursday received a tip-off that Francis was going to perform the stunt near Dapodi railway station. \"We nabbed him, before he could do so,\" Rokade said. Francis had bet money with his friend on the stunt. \"He works as welder in a small unit at Bopodi,\" Rokade added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11735172", "title": "Arrested principal Paul Meekin went to Goa with 8-yr-old boy", "text": "BANGALORE: Paul Meekin, the principal arrested for forgery on Wednesday night, had taken an 8-year-old boy with him to Goa last December, and stayed with him for two days. The boy, suspected to be a Trio World student, has not been identified. These and some other details came to light, as police began questioning Meekin.\"We are checking the airline ticket details to find out the boy's identity, why he had taken him to Goa and what happened during those two days. Meekin will have to tell us everything,\" police sources said.Paul Meekin was produced before court on Thursday and remanded to judicial custody.According to police, he will be taken into police custody once British High Commission officials arrive to interrogate him.\"We will question him before High Commission officials. We are searching his house for another passport, bearing the name Collin Cornish,\" a senior police officer told TOI.City police have approached Interpol , seeking more information on the accused.\"Interpol has agreed to provide necessary information at the earliest. They will pass on the details to the external ministry of affairs and we will collect it from the ministry,\" the officer said.Police sources said there were over 100 whiskey bottles inside his house. Paul lives alone and has a driver and a maid, who often return home after duty. Paul does not allow any outsiders to enter his house, police said.\"It seems he is fond of Scotch whiskey. We came across different brands of the liquor, placed all over the house. While there was a large stock in the bedroom, the hall and kitchen had a few half-empty bottles,\" sources said.When TOI visited Meekin's house in B Block, Sahakarnagar, on Thursday, there was no one at the house, barring a security guard at the gate. On questioning, he refused to share any information, saying, \"Enakku teriyadu (I don't know)\".The house is around 500 metres from Trio World School, in a residential area. A neighbour told TOI that he had seen Paul many times but not spoken to him. \"He has been living here for more than two years and never interacts with us. He would stay indoors most of the time and rarely came out, except for a morning stroll.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11738502", "title": "Infant girl found dead under mysterious circumstances", "text": "BHOPAL: A 25-day-old baby girl was found dead under mysterious circumstances in the house of a politically connected business family in Betul. She was the third girl child born to her parents who have no sons. The baby's grandfather is a local BJP leader, Kailash Chandra Agarwal.Police say the new-born was last spotted lying in the cot and fast asleep. Seven hours later, the police fished out the baby's body from the septic tank behind the house. The front door was locked during her disappearance.The incident occurred on January 16 and even after a fortnight, the police are yet to find out whether this was the murder of a new-born girl child or an accident.\"A post-mortem was conducted and the reports have not reached us,'' superintendent of police BS Chouhan told TOI.`\"The cause of death is still not known. To register a case, we first have to understand the cause of death and thereafter, sections of the IPC can be determined.''The post-mortem was conducted a day after the body was recovered and the hospital is only 250 metres from the police station. No one has bothered to collect the report till now.Betul SP BS Chouhan, however, admitted that the needle of suspicion pointed towards the family.According to the police, the baby was sleeping in the bedroom of the house at 5:30 pm and her mother went to the bathroom. Father of the child Mukesh Agarwal told the police that no one was in the house at that time and the front door was bolted from inside. The two domestic maids were sent with the elder sisters of the baby for a stroll in the evening. When the mother returned, the baby was missing.A missing report was registered by the local Sarni police station. Then a door-to-door search operation started while another police team rushed to the railway station. Police investigated if the child was dragged away by an animal but there was no such evidence.At 9 pm, the SDOP of the area Abhishakh Rajan reached the spot and directed that the house including its drainage system be searched. After three hours, the baby's body was fished out of the septic tank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736342", "title": "Exam time is sickness season", "text": "BANGALORE: Think twice before pressuring your child too hard to achieve better grades in board exams scheduled next month. A study by Indian Medical Academy has revealed that 69% of students in Bangalore, and 86% in Chennai, have fallen sick just before or during exams. The main culprits are lack of enough rest, junk food, and poor hygiene. The study, conducted last month on 125 students each from the two cities , found that nearly 30% students have fallen sick on multiple occasions in Bangalore. This figure is 45% in Chennai.The 'Exam Preparation Practices Study' brings to the fore worrying facts: only 30% of Bangalore children get adequate sleep during exams; 94% students avoid either bathing or washing hands before meals; 81% eat junk food to save time for studies. These figures for Chennai are 26%, 78% and 73% respectively .\"Students mostly complain of stomachache, headache and fever. Due to the lack of a nutritious diet, children are likely to contract chicken pox during exam time. Malingering (pretending to be sick) is another common thing noticed,\" says Dr Yashoda Devi, pediatrician.Come exam time, it's crucial for students to eat nutritious food and get enough rest, say doctors. \"Children are sleeping less, eating junk food and ignoring hygiene,\" says Anuja Agarwal, chief dietitian and consultant, Indian Medical Academy.Says Dr Archana Nazre, dietitian, BGS Global Hospital : \"It's important for children to learn time management . The problem begins with last-minute preparations. Adequate sleep and nutritious food are the key.\" Stress is the biggest culprit. It gives students sleepless nights, making them feel sick.Says Dr Bhupinder Choudhry, consultant psychiatrist at Manipal Hospital: \"Over-expectation from parents and peer pressure, as well as irregular studies during the year, make pupils stressed. To cope with the exam pressure, students start skipping sleep gradually. They don't focus on eating healthy.... This combination of bad habits is enough to spoil health.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734365", "title": "Thakore revolt: Community leaders meet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thakore community leaders and elected representatives from the Congress party will meet in Amalpur village on Friday to decide their future course of action.At least 17 elected representatives from the Thakore community have resigned as members from various committees in their respective bodies. Those who resigned as chairman included Hasmuk Judaji Thakore and Ranjan Dinesh Thakore from Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation.Six councilors from Gandhinagar taluka panchayat also submitted their resignations to administrative authorities. Of these, vice-president Mahotji Thakore also resigned in protest. In Kalol, nagarpalika's Rashmji Thakore too resigned from the post of the leader of the opposition. The community was agitating against the decision of the Congress high command as they had failed to give them adequate representation in Gandhinagar district panchayat.The party high command, taking the issue seriously, sent its member of parliament from Patan Jagdish Thakore for fire fighting.However, the meeting which continued till late in the night failed to work out a compromise formula. tnnSources said after the district panchayat elections, it was decided that the standing committee chairman will always be from the Thakore community and two more committee chairmen will be from the community.But the party on Wednesday sprung a surprise by having a Darbar community leader as the chairman of the standing committee. The community leaders are adamant that they want the party to keep their promise made after the election.Sources said the leaders met Chavda again on Thursday. Chavda told the leaders to wait till the Mansa by-election. The election commission is yet to declare the date for the election.Sources said the leaders from the Thakore community have made it clear that they would not leave the party but will fight for justice and will expose all those who have betrayed the community. Officials said even party president Arjun Modhwadia could not do much.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734793", "title": "Arrested man innocent: Kin", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after Pintoo Shaikh, 24, was arrested for plotting an acid attack on a young woman, the Malwani resident's family denied he had anything to do with the case. The victim, Aarti Thakur, and her family were tenants of the Shaikhs till earlier this year and were well-acquainted with them.\"We cannot understand why Aarti is making false allegations against Pintoo. She was attacked twice earlier, but never took his name then. We don't know what she wants from us now,\" said Mintoo, the school-going younger brother of Pintoo. Mintoo stays with his mother Manju and sister Ruby at Ekta Nagar in Malwani's Gate 7 area, while Pintoo lives separately at Nirankar Chawl in the vicinity.Mintoo said his brother worked with a caterer and stayed out of trouble. \"Pintoo has never had any trouble with the police. This is the first time cops have come to our door. My sister and I were questioned early on Wednesday, before Pintoo was picked up by investigators,\" Mintoo said. His mother chose not to speak. Mintoo also denied that his brother harboured any feelings for Aarti. \"Aarti and her family lived several lanes away from our place. Pintoo never even spoke to them,\" he said.Meanwhile, Pintoo's sister, Ruby, who was close friends with Aarti despite Pintoo objecting to it, has been hospitalized. \"My sister is in a private hospital in Charkop and my mother spends most of her time tending to her,\" said Mintoo. Manju is a fruit seller and landlady.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11736399", "title": "Wi-Fi campuses churn out smartkids", "text": "The concept of Gen X and Gen Y appears to be from the distant past and the idea of Gen I is fast gaining currency. Toys have given way to smartphones, iPods, 3-D games and laptops, as kids in IT City live up to its reputation. But how well-equipped are city schools to handle this wave of tech-savvy tots? Smart classrooms , iPods, computer game sessions, iPads and Wi-Fi enabled campuses are some recent additions in schools. They say this new generation enjoys lessons to the fullest now as chalk-and-talk has given way to smart classes.\"Our school has internet access for children of Lower KG too. Although these children don't browse the web on their own, we show them clippings on YouTube and other websites. We play clippings of stuff relevant to the learning process. Children in Class 5 and above browse the web on their own in the labs, but under supervision,\" said Geetha Swamy, college guidance counsellor, Canadian International School.School authorities also plan to come up with iPads for kids studying in Class 7 and below. \"Children in Class 8 and above already have iPads that they carry with them to school. Soon, those in Class 5, 6 and 7 will also have one each that they will be using to browse the internet inside classrooms.Besides that, all our homework and class activities are put up on the internet for kids to access . But at the same time, sites that are not meant for children are restricted in school,\" said Geetha. Smart classes are another trend in new-age schools. \"We have smart classes for toddlers as young as two-and-a-half years old. Since we stress on phonetics, toddlers can improvise during these classes. Lessons for classes are fed into the systems and played on smart boards; visual impact is long-lasting , is the logic. We have internet as well on our campus, but children can access it only under supervision,\" said Indrani Sudarshan, director, academics of Ebenezer International School. Taking the trend to the next level are some schools in the city with computer games sessions for these hi-tech children.\"We have a 40-minute long session every week for computer games. Each child is given a separate system and 40 minutes to enjoy. I feel children should be updated on every front. Moreover, such sessions sharpen their minds. Children wait for this session and there is hardly any absentee on the day,\" said Nigar Sulthana, principal, Cambridge Public School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11733128", "title": "Booth capturing shadow over panchayat polls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With just nine days left for the five-phase panchayat elections to start, the state election commission is flooded with complaints of possible booth capturing. Sources said the commission has received more than 1,500 petitions seeking adequate security arrangements to stop booth capturing. Ganjam district from where chief minister Naveen Patnaik has been elected to the Assembly accounts for the bulk of complaints. \"We are forwarding all grievances to respective collectors for suitable action,\" a senior commission official said.A number of officials engaged in election work in different districts when contacted attributed the growing fear of election manipulation to leaders of different parties directly descending on the poll scene to canvass for their candidates. \"Biju Patnaik even while in power had refused to campaign in the panchayat elections. He had left the elections to his party people to handle.But the present scenario is different: Leaders coming in helicopters, villages literally jammed with cars carrying party leaders and mobile phones have little time to rest,\" said a senior district election official. \"The high voltage campaign expectedly has made panchayat elections quite costly. Those belonging to major political parties like BJD face no problem in spending money, followed by Congress and BJP. But others are forced to bleed through their noses. The huge cash flow has not only polluted the otherwise quiet rural ambience, but is leading to tension and violence,\" the official pointed out. \"The election expenditure fixed by the election commission - Rs 1.5 lakh for zilla parishad, Rs 60,000 each for sarpanch and samiti member candidates is a myth,\" he added.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik has been on his campaign trail for over 12 days in a hired helicopter, hopping from one district to another every day. Not lagging behind, the Congress has decided to send its leaders in phases like state president Niranjan Patnaik, Union minister Srikanta Jena, party general secretary in-charge of Odisha Jagdish Tytler from Saturday. \"We have hired a small four-sitter copter for the campaign,\" said a Congress functionary. The BJP, however, has chosen to limit itself to sending leaders by cars. \"Corruption in Naveen Patnaik government and the growing law and order situation in the state is our main plank. We expect people to exercise their conscience and cast votes accordingly. We are averse to making panchayat election campaign a costly affair,\" said BJP vice-president Ashok Sahu.Shankar Parida, a Congress zilla parishad candidate in Puri block, and chairman of Odisha state panchayat parishad, also strongly disapproved the 'use of money power and leaders going by helicopters to campaign'. \"Though the 73rd amendment of the constitution mandated transfer of power to panchayat bodies on 29 subjects, the state government practically has kept everything under its control. The zilla parishad accordingly ought to be the apex executive body. But the parishads in all districts are defunct. The leaders especially those in power are actually targeting to grab the panchayats for their benefits. This is because panchayats are now getting crores of rupees directly from the Centre under different welfare schemes,\" Parida said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11739250", "title": "Christ's painting at CPI(M) show sparks debate", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Display of a painting of Jesus Christ alongwith icons of Communism like Karl Marx, Lenin and Che Guevera at a CPI(M) organised exhibition here has sparked a debate with sections of the Catholic church seeing it as an attempt to win the support of the believers.The party holds that there is nothing strange in displaying the painting of Christ in an exhibition, ahead of the party's 20th state conference, that aims at looking at the human history in its totality.Sections in Catholic Church however views it suspiciously as an attempt by the party to shore up its support base by winning support of the believers.The show that opened earlier this week, titled \"Marx is correct,\" has a wide range of pictures, paintings, clippings and copies of historical documents throwing light into the history of struggles for social and political emancipation through the centuries. The exhibits were chosen with special focus on the history of Communist movement in India and the world.The picture of the crucified Christ has a snapshot below it, which, after briefly tracing his life and death, describes Jesus \"as a social reformer who emancipated Jews from slavery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734121", "title": "\u2018Palliative care crucial to check cancer\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cancer is the leading cause of death in the country and in Andhra Pradesh where hospitals in the state capital alone diagnose as many as 150 cases daily. The disease continues to snuff out lives by the dozen but the ordeal of thousands of terminally-ill patients, who are medically incurable, has not received due attention either in the public or private health sectors.Although cancer hospitals have mushroomed in the last couples of years, none of them cater to terminally-ill cancer patients. It is estimated that less than 5% of these patients have access to palliative care in the state. It is to highlight this concern and also to address it that the Pain Relief and Palliative Care Society (PRPCS) has decided to make the intervention that the issue requires. Members of the society say that over 50% of the cases are detected only in the advanced stage and the vast majority of these patients suffer excruciating pain.\"Pain control and palliative care in India is extremely inadequate. Cancer hospitals give importance to curative treatment and not to palliative care, leaving the patients in distress,\" says Dr Rohina Gupta, palliative specialist at MNJ Cancer Hospital and a member of PRPCS.Gupta says that 70% of cancer cases are incurable and that itself shows how important proper awareness about the disease is. The society in collaboration with philanthropists runs a mobile van to provide care to critically ill cancer patients at their doorsteps.Even as treatment, and consequently, the survival rate improves, little continues to be done to better the quality of life of these patients, say specialists. Furthermore, terminally-ill patients have to endure pain as neither they nor their doctors have access to morphine, an inexpensive and effective palliative.\"Narcotics laws are so stringent, doctors fear prescribing morphine as it can be misused. Only two hospitals in the city have access to oral morphine. Getting a supply of the tablets for ailing cancer patients is a big ordeal,\" says Dr Phani Sree, a palliative care specialist with Sparsh Hospital.She adds that even those doctors who have access to morphine tend to prescribe a low dosage of the drug, which at times is of little help to the patient in pain.\"Cancer hospitals do not give much importance to setting up palliative care units as it is not seen as profitable,\" said Dr P Raghuram, CEO and director Ushalakshmi Breast Cancer Foundation. He added that there was a need to make oral morphine more accessible.Dr Muralidhar Joshi, secretary of the AP Chapter of the Indian Society for Study of Pain, says that there is a need for dedicated social workers to help terminally-ill cancer patients. \"We do not require extraordinary specialists. A good morphine supply network at the community level is all that is needed. There are so many NGOs who would be willing to chip in,\" says Dr Joshi.With the number of cases spiralling, doctors say it is time the government and the health sector came to the these patients' rescue.Although the ministry of health and family welfare's recent factsheets included palliative care among the seven most important issues of national relevance for non-communicable diseases, the government has taken no initiative so far at the ground level. Public funding for palliative care under the National Cancer Control Programmes, too, remains inadequate.Meanwhile, as part of an awareness drive, PRPCS will screen documentary film 'Life before Death', which maps the lives of terminally-ill patients in 11 countries. It will be screened at Taj Banjara on February 4 on the occasion of World Cancer Day. This will be the world premiere of the multi-award winning film. The film tells the story of patients, their families and the work of healthcare professionals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11739780", "title": "Santa Claus is a woman: Kashmera Shah", "text": "My belief in God has been strengthened by the fact that whenever I have been in trouble, God has come to my rescue.Since childhood, I have been a Ganesh bhakt . In fact, growing up, I used to think of Him as my best friend as I was a lonely child and I would keep having conversations with him all the time.I don't consider myself a religious person. I don't recite any particular prayers but I converse with God in English. Right since my childhood days, I wouldn't recite any prayers in Sanskrit simply because I couldn't understand them. It's nice that my parents never forced their religious beliefs on me. And I don't see the point of reciting something I don't understand. However, I would recite the aartis during the Ganpati festival in full gusto as he is my favourite deity.I believe that every living being has a spirit and if you are good to the other spirits, God will automatically be gracious to you. I also believe that Santa Claus is a woman, that's because women are of a generous nature unlike men.As for observing rituals, I fast on Mondays in reverence to Shiva and on Tuesdays for Ganesha. Once in two years, I like to visit the Kashi Vishwanath temple in Banaras. That's my favourite religious shrine. I have never been to a mosque but I have visited churches when I visited the US sometime back.In 2010, I was going through perhaps, the worst time of my life for a couple of months, and during that phase I continuously prayed to God to help me through and I recovered from it. The recovery from this bad phase has strengthened my faith in God even more. Earlier, I used to visit the Siddhivinayak temple on Tuesdays but I haven't done so lately due to my hectic work schedule.I'm superstitious with the number '8' since the year 2006, since I have bad experiences with that number. And so, I would never buy a flat or sit in a car with that number or with digits adding up to that number.I don't indulge in any sort of introspection about all my actions for the day and brood over it. Instead, I like to change my mood and make it upbeat. I watch funny movies, listen to music, etc. I value my loved ones a lot and so I try to make the best use of whatever free I get, to spend it with them. Because after all, they are my true support system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11737767", "title": "CBSE begins helpline for students", "text": "INDORE: With Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) X and XII examinations are nearly a month away, a helpline was started by the board to address the queries of students as well as parents on Wednesday. The helpline service is mainly aimed at helping students, who face exam jitters which adversely affect their academic performance.Students and parents can dial the toll-free centralized helpline number 18001803456 to share their problems with academic experts. The counseling helpline which will continue to operate till April 16 and the students can call from any part of the country to this toll-free helpline number. The services will be available between 8am and midnight. Facilities have been arranged for handicapped children to avail the benefits of the helpline services. The counseling to the students will be provided by trained counselors, principals of the affiliated schools and psychiatrists.Students can reach out to the counselors by calling them or by sending their queries through SMS or e-mai. Students can use the following e-mail addresses and website for guidance: jsctet.cbse@gmail.com, mcsharma2007@rediffmail.com and www.cbse.nic.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735400", "title": "Lokayukta hauls up former minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP Lokayukta Justice N K Mehrotra on Thursday indicted former science and technology minister in Mayawati cabinet Abdul Mannan and his MLC brother Abdul Hannan on charges of grabbing land in Sandila.The Lokayukta has found the duo guilty on charges of having assets disproportionate to their known source of income and misuse of office. Mannan is believed to be having properties in Ghaziabad, Bareilly, Lucknow and Hardoi.Mannan, who represents the Sandila constituency in Hardoi district, was dropped from the cabinet by Mayawati in December at the time when the Lokayukta inquiry against him was in final stages.However, despite corruption charges, he has been fielded again by BSP from the Sandila seat.Meanwhile, there seems to be more trouble brewing for energy minister Ramveer Upadhyay. After serving him with a notice on benami transactions alleged in a complaint filed before him last week, Justice Mehrotra has now served notices on Ramveer's family members, including his father, wife, sister-in-law.Upadhyay had got into a spat with the Lokayukta for his defamatory public comments and had later apologized for the same.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "director", "code": "11733799", "title": "Gali Gali Chor Hai: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Rumy Jafry Cast: Akshaye Khanna, Annu Kapoor, Satish KaushikThe common man might have upgraded from newspapers to television and cinema. But his chronicle continues to remain common. In a country governed by corruption, the common man is still ruled by red-tapism. The maximum that he can do is hurl a shoe at bureaucracy or slap the system. And that's precisely what the hero of the film does. Beyond that he and his story are as powerless as the common man.Bharat (Akshaye Khanna) works as a bank cashier who plays Hanuman in the local Ram Leela and aspires to upgrade to the lead role of Ram someday. When he refuses to offer his house for the political campaign of a local candidate (Murli Sharma), the politico's younger brother (Amit Mistry) gets him embroiled in a bureaucratic mess.He is forced to reclaim from court, a table fan supposedly stolen from his house, for which he has to bribe everyone from the constable, witness, lawyer to even the thief. He ends up paying a fortune for the fan, which, in first place, was never his. Problems persist when he wishes to get rid of the ill-fated fan.The basic theme and treatment of this political satire is right away reminiscent of Pankaj Kapur's popular TV series ' Office Office ' which highlighted the common man's vulnerability against a corrupt system. The struggle for retrieving an object, which was neither yours nor desired by you, gives way for an interesting black comedy. Moreover in a society bogged down by bureaucracy to extremities and where anything and everything is possible, writers Mumukshu Mudgal and Rumy Jafry don't need to go that extra mile to make the black comedy believable enough. Things fall into place in the script almost through the inherent spirit of bribery. The narrative also smartly establishes the irony that when another household object is actually stolen, the cynical Bharat never reports its loss.But once the 'systematic' exploitation is firmly established in the first half, the audience expects the tables to turn in the second half with hopes that the hero would give his detractors a taste of their own medicine. Sadly what follows is more turmoil for him in his attempts to get rid of the fan that boomerangs back. Since you identify with Bharat's common man character who is repeatedly at the receiving end, it becomes distressing after a while because you see your defeat in his. Some sequences are genuinely funny but by large the screenplay seems 'fan'atically stretched over a single conflict.The actual scope for some (courtroom) drama in the climax is hastily edited in a transition song. While the social satire mocks at corruption through its runtime, in the climax, the hero has to resort to corruption to set himself free. Thereby this anti-graft drama sets a sad example for itself and endorses bribery, when everything else fails. And when you expect the politician's payback time to have actually started when the hero slaps him, you are surprised to see the end credits roll. Director Rumy Jafry never makes his common-man protagonist larger-than-life, perhaps implying that there is no practical solution to the widespread disease of corruption. Unfortunately his film hangs between neo-realism and escapism. The hero waving the national flag in end credits can induce artificial patriotism but not curb corruption.The narrative is needlessly corrupted with love song and item number - both of which are absolutely avoidable. What's more redundant is a tangential track where Bharat's wife (Shriya Saran) doubts him of having an affair with the paying guest (Mughda Godse). The family drama remains unconnected with the core corruption saga and the film could have easily done without a romance track. The Ram Leela episodes that play in parallel makes for an interesting setting but the director could have used its analogy with the central plot more effectively.Akshaye Khanna, for a pleasant change, doesn't go theatrical despite his staged Ram Leela acts. He maintains restrain in his performance and convincingly brings out the susceptibility of a common man without overdoing it either. Annu Kapoor, as the corrupt constable, dominates the bureaucratic escapades and is the scene-stealer. Vijay Raaz is funny in his two-bit role. Satish Kaushik, as the plump papa, plays his part well. Amit Mistry makes for a good villain. Shriya Saran looks beautiful. Mughda Godse was absolutely avoidable. Veena Malik's item number is downright vulgar.Despite a decent premise, this one falls short of being a fan-tastic film. Alas Gali Gali Bore Hai !Verdict: Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734132", "title": "2G verdict: Future tense for users, telcos, govt, India image", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court's judgment cancelling all 121 licences given by ex-telecom minister A Raja holds major implications for the rule of law, government, industry, banks, India's global reputation and the consumer.Consumers: Mobile number portability will help. Subscribers will have to move to other operators in their circles over the next four months. The total subscriber base of these firms could be close to 90 million or roughly 10% of the total subscriber base. However, a reduction in competition could trigger a further increase in tariffs, which went up 30% last year because of the failure of the new entrants to roll out services.Government: Although the government has welcomed the judgment, it has to rectify a situation gone horribly wrong. It faces the task of scrapping 121 licences spread across hundreds of cities with physical infrastructure, switches, towers, base stations, customer care centres, and thousands of employees. Within four months, all of this must cease to exist, as per the SC order.The government has to take back spectrum from these companies. The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) is simultaneously expected to produce detailed guidelines on spectrum auction within two months - very difficult, given Trai's prior performance record. Not just existing companies, but even those whose licences are cancelled have to be allowed back into the bidding ring.Global companies have to be given time to enter, as they are often best positioned to offer high bids for spectrum. Meanwhile, companies whose licences have been cancelled could sue the government for damages. Apart from cases where companies have paid bribes (if proved), some companies would be seen as victims rather than villains. In short, this mess could take months to fix and damage India's reputation as an investment destination.Industry: Ironically, those who will suffer the least are the biggest defaulters, or those who spent the least on infrastructure/rollouts. Firms like Uninor, Idea and MTS are the worst affected as they are the only ones who have spent money on infrastructure on the ground. These three argue that they have been penalized for the government's illegal acts. Government will get nearly 320 MHz of GSM spectrum back, subject to whether or not affected companies go in for damages or judicial review of this judgment. In the face of this and the time required for cleaning up the sector, it'll be difficult to hold auctions in a hurry. For now, the sector is entangled in a web of uncertainty.Rule of law: The SC judgment has confirmed that justice may be delayed but not denied in India. It further reinforces India's intolerance of the business-politics-bureaucrat nexus leading to crony capitalism, upholding that regardless of status or corporate power, all stand equal before the law.India's global reputation: The SC judgment is a big blow to India's reputation as a foreign investment destination. Two back-to-back SC judgments - one favoring a corporate (Vodafone) and this one hitting the corporate sector (121 licenses cancelled) - reflect low governance. In both cases, the government has been shown up as acting arbitrarily and outside the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734712", "title": "11 disqualified for fake caste certs", "text": "MUMBAI: That the caste certification process has come under the scanner is hardly surprising. A look at Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) data shows that of the 12 corporators who were dismissed in the last term, 11 were disqualified for submitting false caste certificates.While the vigilance cell is validating the certificates, political observers feel that the number will drop drastically this time. \"With the validation of certificates, it is unlikely that false ones will get submitted this time round,\" said an expert.Observers said there was connivance at various levels when fake certificates are made. However, often, there are castes that are considered OBC outside Maharashtra but are not recognized in the state. \"There are times when the caste is not recognized in the state, so when the verification happens, it is declared as a false certificate,\" a civic official said.The cases usually come to light when a complaint is made, often by a rival. After verification, the corporator, if found guilty, is disqualified. Often, the corporator goes to court in appeal.In 2003, former mayor R R Singh was arrested for submitting a fake caste certificate and released on a bail of Rs 25,000. Singh, a Congress corporator for 30 years, was disqualified after the state government's caste verification committee accused him of submitting a fake certificate to contest the civic elections in February 2002. He had won from ward 221 (Mulund), which was reserved for other backward caste candidates. He was debarred thereafter from contesting the civic elections for six years.The candidates disqualified in the last term (2007-2011) for submitting the fake certificates were Lalji Yadav (ward 85), Shirish Chogale (19), Simantini Narkar (13), Rashmi Pahudkar (114), Subhash Sawant (76), Vishwanath Mahadeshwar (86), Pravin Devhare (185), Narayan Pawar (158), Anjum Aslam (130), Sunil Chavhan (90) and Bharati Dhongade (62).Verification of the certificates was called off until Friday as the process came under the scanner after a petition was filed in court last month questioning how validation was being given to some candidates in a day or two when the process requires applications to be filed at least six months before. TOI had on Thursday reported that the vigilance cell comprising a deputy commissioner of police and two inspectors, and headed by city and suburban collectors has verified 746 of 1,024 applications it received for roughly 72 reserved seats across 227 electoral wards in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734301", "title": "Raja\u2019s favours to companies at cost of exchequer: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court came down heavily on former telecom minister A Raja on Thursday, holding him solely responsible for \"virtually gifting away the important national asset at throwaway prices\". The court said the conduct of Raja was \"wholly arbitrary, capricious and contrary to public interest, apart from being violative of the doctrine of equality\", and held him guilty of favouring some real estate companies with no experience of telecom - a clear reference to Unitech and D B Realty.The bench Justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly further said, \"the minister wanted to favour some companies at the cost of public exchequer\". It added, \"Grant of letters of intent on January 10, 2008 leaves no room for doubt that everything was stage-managed to favour those who were able to know in advance changes in the implementation of the first- come-first-served (FCFS) principle\".It rejected the former minister's defence that the FCFS policy was already in place and that he merely went ahead with it. The court said that the minister suddenly brought forward the last date from October 1, 2007 to September 25, saying that the \"innocuous\" change was actually intended to benefit some of the real estate companies who did not have any experience in dealing with telecom services and who had made applications only on September 24\". The bench further stressed that the change in the cut-off date was kept a secret until January 10, 2008.This scathing conclusion may have a bearing on the fate of the case against Raja in the special court.The bench was equally remorseless in its criticism of telecom regulator Trai, then headed by Nripendra Misra, and observed that the regulator's approach was \"lopsided and contrary to the decision taken by the council of ministers\". Endorsing the feeling that Trai's prescriptions were ambivalent enough to be exploited, the court held that they \"became a handle\" for Raja and telecom officers to \"virtually gift away the important national asset at throwaway prices\".The court held that spectrum was a natural resource like land and oil and gas and said that the \"national asset\" must only be auctioned.\" Any other methodology for disposal of public property and natural resources/ national assets is likely to be misused by unscrupulous people who are only interested in garnering maximum financial benefits and have no respect for the constitutional ethos and values\". Four telecom companies - Loop Telecom, S-Tel, Allianz Infratech and Sistema Shyam Telservices - have been fined Rs 50 lakh each because they also benefited from Raja's actions.The bench endorsed the comptroller and auditor general's determination that the Manmohan Singh government's failure to auction spectrum has cost the exchequer heavily. \"We have no doubt that if the method of auction had been adopted for grant of licence... the nation would have been enriched by many thousand crores\". The ringing observation refutes telecom minister Kapil Sibal's controversial argument that the scam caused \"zero loss\", but the lawyer-turned politician rejected the view.The court turned down the government's contention that beneficiaries of Raja's largesse did not profit from selling stakes in companies which only held spectrum and no asset. The government had argued that promoters such as Unitech, D B Realty and Tata Teleservices had only expanded their equity base and not sold their shares in their companies.The court, however, said \"some beneficiaries offloaded their stakes to others, in the name of transfer of equity or infusion of fresh capital by foreign companies and thereby made huge profits\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11738459", "title": "Day 1: Khajuraho festival gets lukewarm response", "text": "BHOPAL: Call it a paradox of sorts; while the Archeological Survey of India (ASI) is boasting of a record footfall at Khajuraho, tourists seem to be showing cold shoulder to the famous Khajuraho dance festival.The Khajuraho dance festival, which started on Wednesday and will continue till February 7, saw a low turnout on day 1 despite the state government's decision to charge no fee from visitors.\"The festival must be conducted in some other part of the year as the weather now is too harsh. There was hardly 30 to 40% occupancy,\" one of the visitors, Amit Jha told TOI.Talking about the dance festival, state culture director Sriram Tiwari, however, said the response on the first day was better than last year; and almost 1,500 people, including 300-400 foreign tourists, attended the festival on Wednesday.This year, the festival has classified its performers into three categories -- Gurukul, Parampara and Pratibha -based on the tradition they have been following. It also has set up a Kala Mela to display artefacts by modern artists. In addition to that, Satriya, one of the art forms from north-eastern states, have been put on display too.Record footfall: ASIThe heritage site made a record of sorts with the number of footfalls this year. As compared to 2,34,954 Indians and 90,721 foreign visitors in 2010, the tourist destination had 2,53,544 Indians and 97, 356 foreign visitors in 2011-12.\"This is a record of sorts in the last 10 years. This internationally popular tourist destination had never seen so many tourists in the last one decade,\" Rahul Tewari, head of the ASI in Khajuraho, said. Most of the tourists come from Italy ,France, Spain Holland, USA, Germany Korea and Japan.Talking to TOI, N Taher, superintending archaeologist, Bhopal circle, said the boost may be due to its archaeological significance. \"I had heard a lot about Kamasutra and the architecture of the temples here, explored about this place and ultimately landed here. It is just amazing,\" Giovane, a tourist from Italy, said. \"These monuments are really very unique,\" chimed in Lomlers from Holland.Ajay Kashyap, a manager of a travel agency, said, \"Had there been good roads around Khajuraho, it would have given a great boost to the flow of both foreign and Indian tourists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734929", "title": "Buildings give enough indications before they fall", "text": "NAGPUR: Though a collapsed building often comes down in a flash, usually it gives enough indications that could even be judged by a layperson, structural engineers said. They believed even Kalamna cold storage would have shown telltale signs before it came down on Monday. TOI talked to experts about what comes before a building fall, they said it usually began with cracks of 1 mm width that gradually developed into larger crevices. Usually there was enough time to note these developments and take preemptive action before the structure collapses.With the cold storage being a new building, experts said the collapse may have been either due to poor materials being used in construction or simply because of overloading. Deepak Mase, a structural engineer of M/s P T Mase and Associates, says cracks wide enough to insert a visiting card develop in first stage. \"These are the initial danger signals. Eventually one can see through the cracks. These can easily be noted by even an observant layman. An expert in structural engineering can be contacted to carry out the repairs,\" he said.President of Nagpur chapter of Indian Institute of Architects Jiten Srivastava said the walls of a building likely to fall also begin bulging inwards. This means that the beams supporting the ceiling could give in. At times there is bad workmanship, use of poor quality material and not adhering to original plan drawn up by the structural engineer that leads to such an eventuality.Once the beam collapses the lock with the horizontal columns also breaks leading to total fall, said Mase. Although the events leading to fall could be long drawn and noted, usually there is a little time to react when the building actually begins collapsing. It starts with the weakest part, but often it is just a matter of minutes or seconds in which entire structure caves in, he added.Sources said the circumstances strongly indicate that the cold storage may have come down due to overloading of foodgrain sacks. A normal structure of this kind can bear a load upto 600 kgs per square metre. However, it is learnt that in this case it may have been as high as 3.5 tonnes. Excess load coupled with poor workmanship and low grade materials may have led to the fall. Although final conclusion can be made only after a thorough investigation, suggested an architect.A source in NMC suggested the ammonium nitrate gas used in cold storage freezers could be the culprit too. The gas is corrosive, so if the walls are not properly plastered the gas seeps inside and weakens the iron beams. However, Mase says corrosion due to the gas takes 10-15 years. \"This was just a year old building while corrosion due to ammonium nitrate is a very slow process and takes place as it reacts with oxygen, carbon dioxide and water in the atmosphere,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11735273", "title": "Major fire at oil godown in Udhana-Magdalla", "text": "SURAT: A major fire raged through a three-storey oil depot building at Dwarkesh Society at Udhana-Magdalla on Thursday afternoon. About 150-200 drums containing thousands of litres of industrial oil caught fire due to short circuit. The fire brigade department sources said that the oil drums were stored illegally in the godown for the supply to the power loom units located on the Udhana-Magdalla road. However, there were no casualties. About eight fire tenders and two foam tenders were immediately rushed to the spot. It took about one hour for the fire fighters to control the fire.Pankaj Patel , chief fire officer told TOI, \"The oil drums were stored illegally. The godown owners do not have the licence to operate. About 4,000 litres of foam was used to control the major fire.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11737683", "title": "MP puts on hold decision to allow hunting of wild boars", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government has put on hold the proposal to allow hunting of vermin wild boar and nilgai, an antelope. Earlier, the government had given the nod to allow hunting of wild boar in view of its increasing population that led to damage of crops.The decision to freeze the move followed protests from animal rights activists' against the allowing hunting.\"We received the law department's clearance to the proposal seeking simplification in regulations for allowing hunting of crop damaging animals. However, we are factoring in public opinion before proceeding further. I am going to meet the chief minister in this regard,\" Forest Minister Sartaj Singh told the TOI on Wednesday.Animal rights activists, including former Union animal welfare minister Maneka Gandhi, have opposed this move saying it would hit wildlife. Maneka had said she would take up the matter with BJP high command.\"Right now we are not in a hurry to allow hunting of vermin animals,\" Singh said adding that they have shelved the plan for the time-being.He said the forest department action to get permission for simplifying hunting of animal has come following complaints from a large number of farmers that their standing crops were being damaged by wild boars and nilgai.Singh said already there was a set of rules to kill annoying animals in MP since last 12 years. \"We have just sought the nod of law department to simplify it,\" he said.Currently, a sub divisional magistrate's permission is needed but the formalities involved to obtain it are too llengthy and cumbersome, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11737713", "title": "Cut likely in parole term of prisoners", "text": "Two years after amending leave rules, the state jail department has now decided to reduce the parole term of prisoners from 60 to 42 days. In 2009, the department had amended the MP Leaves Rules Act 1989, increasing the parole term to 60 from 21 days.The arrangement lasted for almost 2 years and more than 10,000 prisoners were released on parole for four times, each not exceeding 15 days in a year. However, the law department later pointed out that amendment was not in keeping with the MP Leave Rules Act 1989.Sources confirmed that the proposal for the amendment has been sent to the government and would tabled in the assembly session beginning later this month.No state in the country allows a parole term of 60 days and the maximum relaxation that could be given to prisoners in form of parole is of 42 days a year. Acting on the same, the jail department has now proposed a fresh amendment to reduce the parole term to 42 from 60 days.Deputy inspector general (prisons) R S Vijayvargiya said \"The amendment is meant to correct the inconsistency in the state leave rules. It was by chance that the parole term was increased to 60 from 21 days through the amendment in 2009. However, the issue would be sorted out soon. The issue is scheduled to come up in the assembly session,\" he added. For the time being, the prisoners would get a parole term of 21 days.This is the second occasion when the jail department is facing embarrassment due to hasty decision. Earlier, the jail authorities had landed in trouble after releasing five Simi activists on the Republic Day from Ujjain jail in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734250", "title": "PRP makes strong case for Sobha\u2019s disqualification", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Prajarajyam party on Thursday presented a strong argument against party MLA Sobha Nagi Reddy while deposing before Speaker Nadendla Manohar, who is hearing the disqualification petition against the PRP MLA.Party whip Vanga Geeta, who submitted press, video clippings and other evidence during the hearing, said they moved a plea before the Speaker for the MLA's disqualification before the PRP was merged with the Congress. \"She was elected on a PRP ticket and now she is openly supporting another party and working against the interests of PRP. If such MLAs are not disqualified, they will set a bad precedent for others. This will ultimate weaken the institution of democracy. Keeping in view the anti-party activities by Sobha and her decision to violate the party whip during the December 5 no-confidence motion, we have asked the Speaker to immediately disqualify her from the Assembly,\" she said.Sobha Nagi Reddy has been openly associating herself with the YSR Congress for over a year now and has repeatedly questioned the authority of the PRP in issuing a whip as the party was merged with the Congress.The Speaker concluded hearing on the disqualification petitions in respect of 15 of the 16 rebel Congress legislators earlier this week. By Thursday, he recorded evidence against all the 17 MLAs against whom disqualification petitions have been moved by the Congress and PRP under the Xth schedule of constitution. The Speaker had given time till Feb 2 to the PRP MLA and Congress legislator Kapu Ramachandra Reddy to submit their explanations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11735225", "title": "De Beers, Rio Tinto feel heat of Zimbabwe roughs", "text": "SURAT: Prices of rough diamonds by De Beers and Alrosa in January 2012 in the diamond city saw a decline between 6% and 10%, especially in the low range category because of competition from Zimbabwe stones. Also, the low range diamond boxes of these giant diamond mining companies are selling at discounted rates by up to 25% in Surat and Mumbai. Industry leaders say Zimbabwe diamonds are about 50% cheaper than those from other sources.Zimbabwe diamonds started to flow into the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing hub in Surat from November 2011 after the international diamond regulatory body Kimberley Process (KP) allowed their exports from the controversial Marange fields. About 30% of the diamond pieces currently manufactured in Surat are Zimbabwe stones.Aniruddha Lidbide, a diamond analyst, told TOI, \"The giant mining companies seem to be under price and sale pressure since November 2011, when the Zimbabwe goods started to enter India. India is the biggest consumer of low-range goods and thus the prices are likely to decrease further in 2012.\"De Beers, Alrosa, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton account for 70% of the total production of rough diamonds in the world. In 2010, the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme (KPCS) estimated the world production of rough diamonds at 133 million carats. De Beers has a share of 26% by volume and 35% by value, Alrosa has 28% share by volume and 25% by value, Rio Tinto has 11% share by volume and 10% by value and BHP Billiton has a 2% share by volume.The Rs 80,000 crore worth diamond industry in Surat has always been a world leader in processing low range diamonds below one carat. In 2010-11, India imported rough diamonds worth $11 billion, out of which more than 50% were of low-range quality. Gems and jewellery exports for 2010-11 jumped 47% to $43 billion from $29.4 billion in the previous year.As per the diamond industry report 2011, Zimbabwe's diamond output would continue to grow. It has a stock pile of 4.5 million carats of diamonds valued at $4-5 billion. Currently, Zimbabwe has four diamond mining firms operating in Chiadzwa fields - Marange Resources, Mbada Diamonds, Anjin and Diamond Mining Corporation. The country stands to earn more than US $2 billion per year from three Marange mines that have been permitted to sell so far.Sanjay Kothari, V-C of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC, told TOI, \"The quality of Zimbabwe diamonds is different from those offered by DTC, Alrosa and even Rio Tinto. It is true that Indians have been benefited by Zimbabwe goods, but this will not trigger any reduction in the rough prices in the long run.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "sattenapalle (guntur)", "code": "11734573", "title": "MBA graduate turns hi-tech thief, arrested", "text": "SATTENAPALLE (GUNTUR): An MBA graduate, Cherukupalli Koteswar Rao took to breaking into houses as a full-time profession and 'earned' lakhs of rupees till cops finally caught up with him.Rao's stealing ways were hi-tech. He used to lift only credit cards and debit cards from train passengers and during house break-ins, leaving no clues for the cops. He worked with precision as he was able to escape the police net for almost a decade.Koteswar Rao, 29, had withdrawn Rs 9 lakh from the account of one Sanjeevaiah of Sattenapalle since 2009, which Sanjeevaiah also did not notice. Similarly, he had withdrawn nearly Rs 1 lakh from the account of one Bhimireddy Ramireddy over the last two years. When his luck ran out finally, Rao landed in police dragnet here on Thursday.Explaining the hi-tech thief's modus operandi, Sattenapalli inspector Shaik Hussain said Rao was a regular on Narayanadri train from Guntur to Sattenapalle. Since the train arrives very late at night (12 am), the passengers would be in deep sleep. Rao would swiftly pick up purses from one or two passengers and gets down at Sattenapalle, half an hour later. He then chooses a house and steals credit cards and debit cards. He returns home to Guntur in the early hours giving no room for suspicion even among his neighbours.\"He works on the computer and decodes the pin numbers of the credit and debit cards he stole from the houses and passengers. He was careful not to draw the entire amount in one go so as not to give rise to suspicions among the card holders,\" a police official said.A native of Solasa village of Yedlapadu mandal, Rao started indulging in small thefts when he was a polytechnic student in Vijayawada in 1999. He was caught and sent to jail. After serving the jail term, Rao studied MBA and worked with some MNCs before launching his `full-time career' in robberies. Police recovered a Nano car, Rs 16 lakh worth gold ornaments, Rs 5 lakh worth silver jewellery, high-end mobile phone and some cash from the possession of Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11736563", "title": "Students engineer a revolution on stage", "text": "LUDHIANA: One doesn't expect a bunch of engineering students to take a time and energy consuming art like dramatics seriously. But, Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE) students defied this belief when they performed \"Main Fir Aawanga'' a socio-political play with martyr Bhagat Singh as the protagonist, on Thursday.The play, based on a hypothetical situation that contemplates how Shaheed Bhagat Singh would respond to the present India, was performed to a packed audience, who cheered the actors all the way through.Vikram Sharma of Ferozepur Road essayed Bhagat Singh's character. He said, \"We want people to understand that there is no way out of this political and social mess unless they participate in the fight against prevalent evils.'' It was tough to get into the iconic character and Vikram had to practice hard to give his best, he said.Lokesh Sharma of Civil Lines, who plays a corrupt MLA, said his job was to uncover politicians' indifferent attitude towards public's or even Bhagat Singh's emotions. Sukhdeep Kaur of Civil Lines felt such efforts are the best alternatives to channelize youths' energy. \"Such initiatives from educational institutes can spread a positive message among youngsters. I would love to be a part of a play like this in future,'' she said.Students felt the play was a commendable satire on the present political situation. \"We are still under the clutches of various social evils and suffer a disturbing menace of corruption. This play is a wake up call for the Indians in slumber,'' said Kamal Arora of Model Town.The play begins with the martyr being hung to death and revolves around Bhagat Singh's statue, which becomes an object of gaining political mileage. \"This is exactly what we come across these days. Consider Mayawati and her statues along with the massive elephant structures,'' said Gurinderjeet Kaur of Pamal.Rohit Thakur of Lal Bagh said he felt great to witness Bhagat Singh's non-tolerance of the mockery of his principles as the martyr prefers being a statue over being a part of political mess.Kawinder Kalsi, a PCTE professor, who directed the play said, \"I am fascinated by the dedicated commitment of the students towards dramatics and theatre.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kalakuri (bankura)", "code": "11735141", "title": "Tantrik confesses to child sacrifice in Bankura", "text": "KALAKURI (BANKURA): A self-styled tantrik in a Bankura village has confessed to beheading a newborn and licking the blood dripping from its severed head.Police haven't found the motive for the human sacrifice but they have the dagger used in the grisly ritual and pictures of the baby's head hanging by a rope. The torso is still missing and the parents of the infant are yet to be traced.The accused, Lakkhikanto Karmakar alias Shyama, is a history-sheeter and had become a tantric some months ago. He and his mother Suli used to target unwed girls looking to abort their foetuses, say police.It wasn't some remote village where this incident took place but on the outskirts of the industrial township of Asansol, on the banks of the Damodar.Shyama was so brazen that he carried out his gruesome act in full public view, at the Kalakuri village graveyard where he had built a makeshift temple. People were horrified to see the head of an infant hanging from a tree and Shyama licking the blood that was trickling down the severed neck.They grabbed him and beat him up. It took police quite a while to rescue him from being lynched.\"Karmakar is notorious in these parts. He performed the rituals here with his mother Suli. He is known to have married seven times. Suli is approached by unwed women who are looking for abortions,\" alleged Nirmal Mondal, a villager.Police officers, however, wonder how Karmakar and his mother could perform the grisly rituals in the open.\"We have seized the dagger but the post-mortem report is awaited. We shall know more after receiving the report. Villagers have alleged that Karmakar is involved in several crimes. Once we trace the child's parents, we shall come to know what actually happened on Sunday,\" said Bankura SP Pranav Kumar.\"There is a possibility that Karmakar didn't murder the child but picked up its body from somewhere near the crematorium. People who claim to be tantriks perform such gruesome rituals to fool villagers into believing in their powers. Some villagers have spoken out against Karmakar but there must have been some people in Kalakuri who patronized him. Our records say Karmakar was arrested several times for serious offences like robbery and extortion. He seems to have turned into a tantrik a few months ago,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11735326", "title": "Ramendra Katiyar to be new KBA president", "text": "KANPUR: Ramendra Singh Katiyar and Peeyush Awasthi were elected as president and general secretary of Kanpur Bar Association on Thursday.Ramendra defeated his nearest rival Tarunendu Bajpai by a margin of 10 votes. Ramendra received 1044 votes while Tarunendu got support of 1034.The returning officers accepted the request of Tarunendu Bajpai to recount the ballot papers. In the recounting, difference increased by another vote. In first counting, Ramendra had received 1043 while Tarunendu got 1035 votes.Peeyush Awasthi got support of 1193 lawyers to become general secretary while his nearest rival Dinesh Shukla could gather 987 votes.Counting for remaining posts would continue on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733816", "title": "Four arrested for youth's murder at Tikona fort", "text": "PUNE: The Lonavla (rural) police on Thursday arrested four people for their alleged involvement in the murder of a 19-year-old at Tikona fort near Pune.The deceased, Pratik Kulkarni, was a resident of Sutardara in Kothrud. He was found murdered on the foothills of the Tikona fort near Pavana dam on January 28. The main suspect in the murder case, Devendra Khaire, is still at large.Police investigations say that Khaire assaulted Kulkarni to death because he suspected Kulkarni's involvement in the murder of his cousin, Kalidas Temghare, who was found dead at Gananjay society in Kothrud on December 28 last year.The arrested suspects are Ganesh Tonde, 19, a resident of Malvandi in Maval taluka, Shivaji Adkar, 22, of Shivali, Bhanudas Bahirat, 24, and Vasant Sopan Bahirat, 23, both residents of Sawantwadi in Maval.Police inspector of Lonavla (rural) police station Mohan Jadhav said that on January 28 the local people informed the police about a body found on the foothills of the Tikona fort.Jadhav said that since the identity could not ascertained on that day, photographs and other details were sent to all police stations in the district and even Mumbai police.Meanwhile, on January 30, Kulkarni's brother Prasad lodged a complaint with the Paud police station about Kulkarni missing. \"The Paud police told him about a body found at the foothills of the fort. They directed him to go to the Sasson hospital,\" Jadhav said. Prasad ascertained the identity of his brother. Kulkarni was working as a tele call operator in a private company on Paud road.Police sub-inspector K C Deshmane said that Prasad identified the body and also informed the police that his brother had gone to Tikona with his friend. \"During investigations, we found that Tonde had taken Kulkarni to Tikona,\" Deshmane said.Deshmane said the police arrested Tonde on Thursday. During interrogation, Tonde revealed the names of four other suspects including Khaire. Three others were arrested on Thursday.Investigations revealed that the main suspect Khaire - a criminal on Pune city police record - suspected Kulkarni's involvement in the murder of Temghare. \"He hatched a plot to kill Kulkarni. He had asked Tonde to bring Kulkarni to Tikona fort on the pretext of some work on January 28. Jadhav and Tonde knew each other as they had worked together in a fast food chain shop in Pune. When Kulkarni reached there, Khaire and others assaulted him with sharp weapons and killed him,\" Jadhav said. The suspects will be produced at the court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11738422", "title": "'Ensure Pragya turns up'", "text": "BHOPAL: After Sadhvi Pragya Thakur and her accomplice Harshad Solanki-both now in judicial custody-failed to turn up for the third consecutive time, the NIA court here has directed the National Investigating Agency to make sure that the duo would be produced on March 13 and 14 to stand trial in former RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi's murder case.Especially designated NIA court Judge Vijay Kumar Pandey directed the agency to ensure presence of Pragya, who is lodged in a Mumbai jail and Harshad in a Rajasthan prison in the court on March 13 - 14 at any cost, government counsel Anand Tiwari said.Taking a dim view of the duo's failure to attend the court proceedings, the Judge said there was an urgency to ensure that the accused in Joshi murder case attended the court so that proceeding to frame charges against them could be initiated.Both Pragya and Harshad had failed to turn up during the earlier hearings in November 25 and December eight last year.Then, the court was told that Pragya couldn't make it to the court as she was unwell while Harshad, an accused in Ajmer dargah blast and Samjuhata Express, too didn't appear in the court, Tiwari said.Both the accused, along with others, are being tried on the charge of killing Joshi in Dewas in December 2007.However, the three accused Vasudev Parmar, Anandraj Kataria and Ramcharan Patel out on bail, came to the court and registered their presence for the third successive time. These five accused have been charged under section 302, 201, 120 B and 34 of IPC and 25, 27 of Arms Act. Mohan and Ghanshayam, two more accused in Joshi murder case are absconding.A local court in Dewas district had transferred the entire case including charge sheet to NIA court on November 22 following a Madhya Pradesh high court's administrative order of November last year.The NIA has taken over Joshi murder case from Madhya Pradesh police some months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11735405", "title": "A vehicle capable to run, fly &amp; sail", "text": "KANPUR: The students of Thakur Institute of Aviation Technology, Mumbai, had displayed a vehicle capable of running on land and sailing in water, during Techkriti at IIT-K recently. It can fly in the air that too without wings.This vehicle named Hydrofoam was liked by everyone.Bhavesh Arora, Sajid Khan and Nikhil Jain, the three students who have made Hydrofoam said that the three-in-one vehicle does not require a runway for takeoff and landing. It is a remote-controlled model and also a new design of an aircraft.Explaining about the working principle of Hydrofoam, Bhavesh Arora said, \"Our vehicle basically works on Bernoulli's principle and Newton's third law of motion and equations of lift, drag, weight and thrust.\"\"There are vehicles that are two-in-one and can run on land and water and another vehicle (Amphicar) which runs on land and air but till now we do not have a vehicle that runs on land, water surface and flies in the air. So we made design of a vehicle that is three-in-one. We are not using wings for flying. It's a new design of aircraft, runs on all types of surfaces like land, water, air, snow, grass and sand,\" he said.Speaking about the application of the vehicle, the three students said said that it is an unmanned aircraft and can be used by air force for dropping bombs, without risking the life of a pilot. It can also be used for surveillence by putting spy cameras.It can be used in villages for spraying pesticides and insecticides. Can be used as a sea plane as well.Nikhil Jain said: \"The motors are placed at an angle to produce more stability. Rotor 1 and 3 spin in one direction, while 2 and 4 spin in opposite direction, yielding opposing torques for control. It has three rotational or altitude controls, corresponding to the three primary axis of motion called pitch, roll, and yaw movement. In order to stabilize the aircraft, the propeller receives speed adjustment from the onboard motion gyro sensor.\"The vehicle can be moved in any direction.It took the students three months to prepare the model and they spent Rs 20,000 for developing its prototype.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734528", "title": "SC upholds power of people &amp; PIL", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the two protagonists - legal eagle-turned-activist Prashant Bhushan and academic-turned-politician Dr Subramanian Swamy - Thursday's landmark Supreme Court judgment signify two very different things. For Bhushan, it shows the power of well researched Public Interest Litigation (PIL). For Dr Swamy, the judgement showed that a private citizen has a multi-dimensional role in a thriving democracy, which includes the possibility of challenging the government if necessary.The importance of Bhushan, and those who supported him, and Dr Swamy was not lost on the Supreme Court as it delivered the historic order. \"But for the vigilance of some enlightened citizens who held important constitutional and other positions and discharge their duties in larger public interest and Non Governmental Organizations who have been constantly fighting for clean governance and accountability of the constitutional institutions, unsuspecting citizens and the Nation would never have known how scarce natural resource spared by the Army has been grabbed by those who enjoy money power and who have been able to manipulate the system,\" the judgment said.The fundamental driving force behind both Bhushan and Dr Swamy, behind the PIL before the Supreme Court on 2G scam , was their concern about scarce natural resources being given away at throwaway prices to select companies by those in power who manipulated the entire system.\"The judgment certainly makes PILs much more respectable and shows that a well researched, properly documented PIL filed in genuine public interest will be considered favorably by courts,\" said Bhushan, a veteran lawyer who has been behind several high profile PILs that has shaken the system in recent years. Taking after his father former law minister Shanti Bhushan's tradition of fighting public causes, Bhushan has scored yet another milestone in PIL activism with Thursday judgement.He believes what made his petition stronger was the fact that it was supported by a host of eminent personalities from all walks of life including three former Chief Election Commissioners, a former CVC, a former Director General of Police and a senior journalist. \"The court saw merit in our demands and we are satisfied that the rule of law has been upheld. Scarce national resource was given to private companies by a dishonest minister,\" he said.For Dr Swamy, who doesn't have a law degree but argues his own cases, the SC orders on 2G including Thursday historic order, were a vindication of the role of an ordinary citizen in Indian democracy. \"Both the judgments relating to the 2G matter delivered by the Supreme Court make the role of a concerned private citizen multi dimensional. SC has rejected the claims of stalwarts of this government that a citizen can't approach the Prime Minister directly for sanction of prosecution and the court has even laid down a time frame within which such requests have to be decided,\" Dr Swamy said.Dr Swamy pointed out that \"SC verdict is a welcome corrective action. Everyone had warned including the CAG and the CVC but the government overlooked it, it is a collective failure of the government that 2G licences were issued in an illegal and corrupt manner and nobody felt that the Cabinet should be called and the licences scrapped. It is the best possible judgment that could be possible for the three judges. The country can be justifiably proud of Supreme Court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11737665", "title": "A day after, 16 railway doctors resume work", "text": "INDORE: A day after 16 doctors working with the Western Railway Hospital, Ratlam put in papers to protest the suspension of their colleague, resumed work on Wednesday.The 16 doctors, including six senior doctors, had put in their papers after ADRM R Gupta suspended Dr Shankar Dalal on charges of negligence in attending to a chief ticket inspector (CTI). CTI P V Murar suffered a heart attack and was not attended for 45 minutes by any doctor.However, the issue was resolved after a team of two doctors comprising Chief Medical Director and Chief Personal Officer was sent to Ratlam to take stock of the situation. They appealed to the doctors to report on duty and attend to patients. The agitating doctors on Wednesday reported on duty.They had put in their papers after Dr Shankar Dalal was suspended on charges of negligence in attending to a chief ticket inspector (CTI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11735618", "title": "Coast Guard plans big for safe Karnataka coast", "text": "MANGALORE: Indian Coast Guard (ICG) is pulling out all stops to ensure that security along coastal Karnataka - both on sea and on air - is literally shipshape. While it is in touch with the Airports Authority of India (AAI) to commission its air enclave at the old terminal building of Mangalore airport and adjacent land there, it has also drawn up plans to induct four hovercrafts in Mangalore, for which suitable land has been identified and acquisition process is on.Commander Rajmani Sharma of Coast Guard Karnataka HQ, in an informal chat with TOI on the sidelines of 36th Raising Day of ICG here, said that initially one set of fixed wing Dorniers and Chetak helicopters would be stationed at the air enclave. \"AAI and director of Mangalore airport have offered us the required space. The DK district administration too has agreed to allot 33 acres of land for the purpose,\" he noted.M R Vasudeva, director of Mangalore airport, told TOI that AAI has offered to provide ICG space in the old terminal building for administrative set-up of their proposed air enclave.\"Their engineering operations will come up at Siddharth Nagar, adjacent to AAI airport staff quarters that Coast Guard has sought from the district administration. The paper work for the transfer of old terminal building space and other procedure is on,\" he noted.Signifying the importance that ICG HQ attaches to Karnataka HQ, Commander Rajmani said ICG also intends to induct four hovercrafts in Mangalore. \"We have identified a suitable land for the purpose, and acquisition process is in progress,\" Rajmani said. These craft will be used for anti-smuggling and anti-infiltration, particularly in areas of very shallow water around India's extensive coastline and offshore islands, a scene typical here as well.Another major step planned for Mangalore, Commander Rajmani said, is to set up a pollution response cell in district HQ Karnataka. \"New Mangalore Port authorities have earmarked a suitable land for the cell,\" he said, adding that lease formalities for this land are underway.\"We will station larger ships in Mangalore to augment force levels to strengthen coastal security of Karnataka coast once dedicated jetties for ICG ships are available at NMP,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736494", "title": "Bangalore will be centre for Israeli visas in the South", "text": "BANGALORE: In six months, travel to Israel from here will be simpler - you can apply for a visa at the Israeli consul general office here. Its consul general Orna Sagiv spoke to TOI on Thursday about what Israel will offer for Bangalore . Excerpts:Why an office in Bangalore? Will it issue visas?We find co-operation between Israel and India increasing rapidly and we felt the need for a third centre, after Delhi and Mumbai, to realize the collaboration. Yes, the Bangalore consulate general will issue visas for South India. The office should be ready in 4-6 months.Why was Bangalore chosen?Bangalore is clearly India's information technology capital . Israel, which is very strong in IT and electronics, wants to leverage Bangalore's strength. Bangalore has the biggest IT companies in India , bigger than any company we have in Israel. Israeli companies plan to develop solutions for big companies like Infosys, TCS and Wipro . Bangalore and Karnataka have a strong engineering base which means better technical collaboration. Israel has a good start-up culture in IT and electronics - one start-up for every 2000 people.How has Israel managed its water resources?We don't have water sources, lakes and rivers and we get rain for just a couple months. South Israel is a desert. We run the largest desalinization plant in the world - we draw water from the sea, clean it up and use it for daily life including drinking. We developed such good technology that if you didn't know about our desalination programme, you couldn't guess you were drinking desalinised water. You can drink out of a tap in Israel. Israel recycles and reuses 85% of its water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733970", "title": "Man who attempted suicide dies", "text": "PUNE: Electrical contractor Arun Palkar (42), who had attempted suicide with his wife Anita (41) after killing his two sons Omkar (11) and Omprakash (6) on January 22 by overdosing them with sedatives, succumbed during treatment in a private hospital on Wednesday.The Haveli police had registered an offence against Palkar under section 302 (murder) for allegedly murdering his two children.The incident came into light on January 22, when Palkar's brother Umesh went to his house as he was not responding to his calls. When Umesh went to Palkar's flat at Dhayari on Sinhagad road, he found Palkar writhing in pain in the living room. His sister-in-law and two nephews were lying in the bedroom. Umesh then took them to a nearby private hospital, where Anita, Omkar and Omprakash were declared dead on arrival.Palkar, who was later shifted to another private hospital and was undergoing treatment, succumbed during treatment, Haveli police said.The police had found a suicide note and six letters. The suicide note clearly showed that he was depressed. The letters were addressed to Palkar's two brothers, the owner of the flat, the police, the Sassoon hospital and residents of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11734632", "title": "Two youths held with country pistol, live cartridges", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Pandharkawda police have arrested two youths hailing from Madhya Pradesh and seized a country made pistol, four live cartridges, one motor bike and 20 mobile hand sets from them on Wednesday night. The duo was later remanded to PCR till February 5.According to police sources, cops on patrolling on the Pandharkawda-Maregaon road happened to notice two youths on a brand new motor bike at around midnight and they chased them in their official jeep. Finally, the cops succeeded in intercepting the bike riders at a petrol pump near Maregaon town.On preliminary interrogation and search, the cops found a country made pistol, four live cartridges and 20 mobile hand sets with them. Further questioning revealed that the youths, Birendrasingh Motilalsingh Parihas (34) and Raju Dayaram Kucchva (25), hail from Bhind district of Madhya Pradesh and were invited by their local contacts.On reaching Pandharkawda, the youths had allegedly planned to loot shops in the area and finalized the spots. On Wednesday night, they broke open the village Karanji based Vankar Mobile Shoppe and stole 20 handsets from the shop. They later stole a new motor bike from the vicinity and escaped.When they were on the motor bike in the night, patrolling head constable Ramesh Dongre and his squad spotted the speeding motor bike without number plates, which prompted them to chase the bike riders. Finally, the due was trapped at a petrol pump near Maregaon town.The police arrested the duo after registering criminal offence under Mumbai Police Act and Arms Act, and obtained PCR till Sunday. Further investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735693", "title": "Raids may scuttle Ponty's 7-star hotel", "text": "LUCKNOW: Amongst various properties in Lucknow, liquor baron Ponty Chadha has been eyeing a prime piece of land in Gomtinagar for a proposed seven-star hotel.Spread over an area of 3 acres, the land is estimated to be priced at around Rs 100 crore. Officials say that Wednesday's raids on the premises of Chadha may scuttle the project with the Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) already stalling the bidding process.Wave Inc, the group headed by Ponty, had shown interest in the project, whose pre-bid meeting was held in Lucknow on September 16. Only a week ago the LDA board had given its nod to set up the project on a public-private-partnership (PPP) basis.The plea that the state government took for the project was that the city lags behind in hospitality sector and there was an urgent need to relax the rules.Subsequently, the housing department went on to relax the building by-laws to pave way for what is believed to be one of the most ambitious seven star hotel-cum commercial project.\"LDA has fixed the criteria of a company/consortium having a turnover of at least Rs 500 crore with at least Rs 50 crores in the last seven years. The authority also fixed a criterion that the lead partner should have 26% share, while the other should be having a minimum of 10%. This should be equated with the total turnover of the company/consortium,\" the draft proposal of the project said.LDA had also asked the builders to see that the project comes up in five-year time. According to the draft document, the five-star hotel is proposed to be completed by the bidder within a period of five years from the date of award or any extension as may be specifically mentioned in the development agreement.Builders, however, demanded that the deadline should be set from the date of sanctioning of the map. They said that getting the environment clearance for such project is another tedious task which may take time.Alleging that the land on which the hotel is being planned in nothing, but a flood plain, Brijesh Singh, counsel for a petitioner, who had challenged the decision in the high court, said, \"The state government relaxed all the rules brazenly.\" Singh also stated that not only the said land, but the state government had issued eviction notices to some nearly a dozen residents of Jiamau to expedite the land acquisition process.Sources in LDA said that the project has been stalled completely. \"There has been no further movement after the pre-bid conference,\" said an LDA official.Gurdeep Singh Chadha alias Ponty Chadha rose from a boy selling snacks outside a liquor shop in Moradabad to India's one of the most powerful liquor barons in recent times. Of late, he ventured into various business sectors, including real estate, mining and even mid-day meal projects.Chadha's political contacts remained unmatched from the word go. Having high stakes in the liquor trade, Ponty went on to set up Wave Inc in 2003 and launched two multiplexes, first being a two-screen multiplex at Wave Cinemas -- East End Mall in Ghaziabad and the second a four-screen multiplex at Wave Cinemas -- Centre Stage Mall in Noida.The wave multiplex in Lucknow came up in 2004 during the regime of Mulayam Singh Yadav. It was only after 2007 that he reached his zenith, when he managed to win liquor contracts and also bought five sugar mills for Rs 206 crore, even though their actual worth was believed to be more than Rs 2,000 crore.The matter has been under close investigation of the Lokayukta, after a lobby of farmers under the aegis of Pilibhit-based Rashtriya Kisan Mazdoor Union raised its needle of suspicion on the deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11735175", "title": "Fire singes tele-serial studio", "text": "KOLKATA: Scores and actors and technicians had a narrow escape on Thursday evening when the private studio situated in a congested Maheshtala was evacuated moments before the three floor set-up went up in flames. At the time a fire was raging next door, two Bengali serials-Dui Bhubaner Pare and Sindoor Khela-was being shot. Veteran actress Shaktuntala Barua was also present.Nearby highrises were also later evacuated when the fire showed no signs of let-up. Though fire tenders arrived early, the narrow access road to the incident spot hampered fire fighting. Only two of the 20 fire tenders that had rushed to the spot could actually be pressed into service when reports last came in.Fire initially started around 6.15pm in a huge godown located around 6 km from Taratala. According to locals, the godown was sealed by the Customs department around three years ago and has been lying shut since. How the sealed godown caught fire is a mystery but locals said there were enough inflammable materials stocked inside, including synthetic yarn and chemicals, to fuel the fire.By 6.30pm, the flames had sprung up and the entire godown was on fire. But next door, actors, actresses, technicians and staff were busy shooting, ignorant of the looming danger.\"Sometime around 6.45pm we saw smoke seep in from outside. Just then, a technician rushed in and shouted that there was a huge fire raging outside. Someone immediately switched off the electricity line and everyone rushed towards the narrow stairs,\" recalled actor Joyjeet Mukherjee.Soon afterwards, Mukherjee saw the flames leap to the very floor on which he was shooting. Over the few hours, the fire also singed other floors. A lively breeze didn't help matters as the flames threatened to leap to nearby highrises.Dui Bhubaner Pare director Chitravanu Basu said there would have been several casualties had the studio not been vacated on time. \"There were over 100 people in the two sets. Everyone managed to scramble out before the fire spiralled out of control,\" said Basu.Though fire tenders reached the spot on time, they could not be pressed into service as the narrow alley allowed only one tender at a time. Fire fighting efforts were further hampered by the presence of a huge crowd. By the time fire fighters could jostle their way to the front, the fire had spun out of control. A wall of the tea godown collapsed around two hours into the fire.\"Had the lane been wider, we could have tackled the fire more effectively. Though 18 tenders are lined up outside, they cannot do anything as there is barely enough space for two fire tenders to enter,\" said a fire officer.Fire minister Javed Khan voiced the frustration of the men in uniform desperately attempting to control a blaze that seemed hopelessly out of control. \"How is it possible to do anything in this cramped situation. Acute space crunch is severely hampering operations. The studio also appears to be illegal. How can a facility where three serials are shot at a time be located smack in the middle of such a congested locality?\" Khan questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734359", "title": "Octopus conducts mock terror drill at Charminar", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Octopus, the elite anti-terrorist force, conducted a mock terror drill at Charminar on Thursday.In the wee hours, teams from Octopus, with each member armed with a battery of gadgets and arms, quietly laid siege to the historic structure. Unmindful of the curious onlookers, the commandos first set up a command, communication and control station from where they could have a vantage view of the building. They then began moving like shadows and slipped into the monument to hunt down \"terrorists\" and \"save\" locals and tourists. As expected, the commandos, who have been undergoing training for months, took charge of the monument, freed hostages and came out of the building flashing victory signs.Octopus officials could not be reached to get details of the drill.\"The mock exercise will also take place at Salar Jung Museum and Golconda Fort soon,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733822", "title": "No role in defence land lease, says former DEO", "text": "PUNE: Sevak Nayyar, former defence estate officer (DEO) at the Army Southern Command, has denied any role in the 'out of court settlement' between the army and construction firm Kalpataru Builders, over the lease of a defence land in the Pune cantonment area.\"The MoU regarding the settlement was signed in January 2009 while I had retired as DEO in September 2008. There was no development on the signing of any such MoU nor anything discussed by the army with me till my retirement. I am surprised why I have been implicated,\" Nayyar said while speaking to TOI on Thursday.The Army headquarters, New Delhi, has lodged a complaint with the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) alleging that former vice-chief of army staff Lt Gen Noble Thamburaj and the then DEO Nayyar unduly favoured Kalpataru Builders by striking an 'out of court settlement' that was grossly disadvantageous to the army and led to pecuniary benefits worth Rs 46 crore to the builder. Thamburaj was then heading the Army Southern Command in Pune. The complaint has been registered for offence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and criminal misconduct.Based on the complaint, the CBI had carried out simultaneous searches at the residences of Lt Gen Thamburaj and Nayyar and the office of Kalpataru Builders here on Tuesday.Nayyar said, \"I am not a party to the MoU between the army and the construction firm regarding the lease of land. The DEO is not even an advisor on land matters to the general officer commanding-in-chief (GOC-in-C) of the Southern Command, but he works under the principal director of defence estates (PDDE), who is an advisor to the GOC-in-C.\"\"I am not involved in the alleged land deal. I retired as DEO in September, 2008 while the issue of the MoU between the army and the construction firm never came before me during my service tenure. The CBI in its first information report has stated that I had attended two meetings with the construction firm in October and November, 2008, which is not correct as I had retired in September 2008,\" said Nayyar.\"Never did the PDDE discuss the issue of MoU with me. I have no clue why my name has been mentioned in the FIR,\" he said.When pointed out that the army lodged a complaint after an inquiry into the matter, Nayyar said, \"The army never called me with regards to the inquiry. The true facts will come before the investigating agencies and my name will be cleared. Though I am not a party to the out of court settlement still, I am willing to co-operate with the investigating agencies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11736662", "title": "Coir pith flip-flops are a big hit in capital", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The durable flip flops developed by the city-based National Coir Research and Management Institute (NCRMI) that were made and test-marketed by the Alappuzha-based Foam Mattings India Limited have become a hit with consumers.The Rs 55-a-pair slippers were developed by blending coir pith and natural rubber. The product is set to be showcased at the coming Coir Kerala 2012.The blending of rubber and coir pith (by-product of coir industry) isn't difficult because coir pith is a low density, high shock-absorbing and high impact-resistant material. It was Foam Mattings India Limited (FOMIL) which manufactured nearly a lakh pair of coir slippers under an NCRMI pilot scheme for being test-marketed.Having smelled success, the Department of Coir is planning large-scale production of these slippers and is looking for a design partner to bring out a wide range of footwear.\"We are looking at private sponsorship to expand production. We can offer the technology to those interested. Machines that can produce up to 2,000 flip-flops a day are being installed at FOMIL, Alappuzha. The slippers will hit the market in three months' time,\" said NCRMI director K R Anil.\"Coir is a versatile fibre that can be used to make a variety of products. We are pleased with the way NCMRI is contributing to its development,\" said Adoor Prakash, minister for coir.The Rs 55-a-pair slippers were developed by blending coir pith and natural rubber. The product is set to be showcased at the coming Coir Kerala 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11735941", "title": "Girl found with lips sealed with glue", "text": "VARANASI: A minor girl was allegedly gangraped by unidentified persons after they sealed her lips with glue so that she could not raise a cry. She was found in a semi-conscious state in Chandpur, Manduadih.According to reports, locals reported the matter to Manduadih police. SO Manduadih Shabir Ahmed said the victim could just utter her name and was unable tom disclose details about her address or family. Later, she was handed over to Childline and sent for medical examination. No FIR has been lodged in the matter as the police are awaiting the medical report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736522", "title": "Record court proceedings: Hegde", "text": "BANGALORE: Video recording of court proceedings can bring in transparency in the judicial system, former Lokayukta Justice N Santosh Hegde said. \"It (video recording) may have some advantages and disadvantages, but it will certainly bring in transparency as every minute thing gets recorded ,\" he said at a function on Thursday.On declaration of assets by judges, Justice Hegde felt no purpose will be served if the same is submitted in sealed covers.Admitting that corruption in the judiciary is more now, Justice Hegde said some CJIs' \"not-during-my-tenure attitude\" on taking action and exposing corruption have encouraged the black sheep to indulge more in corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734041", "title": "Lung infection less, but baby still critical", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is no improvement in the condition of the abandoned baby girl who is undergoing treatment at the AIIMS Trauma Centre. The two-year-old continues to battle for her life as the infection has spread into the blood and the chances of a multi-organ failure loom large. According to doctors, her condition is critical and she is on ventilator.\"The lung infection has reduced as the antibiotics have shown some effect. But she is critical,\" said Dr M C Misra, chief of the AIIMS Trauma Centre. The baby is being fed through a tube as she battles against chest, brain and blood infection. \"Our main concern is septicemia (blood infection). We are monitoring her condition minute by minute and it's important to see how she does in the next 48 hours,\" Misra added. Septicemia is bacteria in the blood that often occurs with severe infections in the body.The baby has shown marginal improvement in brain infection, said the doctors. \"The culture report is out and it shows there is bacterial infection in brain,\" said the doctor said.For nearly two weeks, the two-year-old girl child has been fighting for her life. The child abandoned by a girl at AIIMS is on ventilator; her arms are bruised, and she has fractures and human bites all over her face. She has also survived two cardiac arrests and undergone brain surgery twice since January 18, the date of her admission.Since Wednesday, the toddler has developed septicemia or blood infection which can cause full-blown multi-organ failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734976", "title": "Cops against vote count on polling day", "text": "MUMBAI: The state home department is against counting of votes for the Brihanmumbai, Thane, Pune, Nashik and six other municipal corporation elections on the day of polling.Additional chief secretary (home) Umesh Chandra Sarangi stated that police forces in Mumbai and other municipal corporation areas will be engaged with polling work. \"It will be difficult for cops to keep tabs on law and order if votes are counted on the day of polling.\"Another senior home department official stated that policemen will begin duty at the crack of dawn on the day of polling. \"If counting of votes is scheduled the same day, policemen will have the additional burden of victory rallies and a tense situation in wards where candidates and their supporters may be unwilling to accept defeat. The process of counting will go on till late evening, which will prove to be taxing for the police,\" the official said.\"We have decided to tell the state election commission (SEC) that the police force should be spared the duty of counting votes,\" the official added. Voting for the 10 civic bodies is on February 16 and counting a day later. However, the SEC had told the municipal commissioners to reply if they could manage counting on the day of polling. Except Thane, no municipal corporation had agreed to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735736", "title": "Lucknow University's employees to go on strike", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University employees will go on strike from Friday after the employees' union president, Rinku Rai alleged that vice-chancellor, Prof MK Mishra misbehaved with him and pushed him out of his room on Thursday evening.It all started when Rai went to VC's office to give a representation on the long pending demands of the employees union. Rai alleged that the finance officer, who was also present inside the VC office, was outsourcing a project. \"I objected to this and asked the finance officer not to waste university's money to which he paid no heed. Immediately after this, the VC came and without listening a word, pushed me out of the room.\" The employees union has been demanding its regularisation. Among other issues of the union include enquiry on the material used for building central mess, roads, and boundary walls of the university. \"The VC himself is involved in misappropriation of funds. Recently, he ordered an enquiry to check the quality of building material used for central mess, but the samples collected are still lying in the proctor's office,\" Rai alleged. Vexed with the university's attitude, Rai said, \"The university has turned down the state government's order on assured career promotion (ACP) for the employees. All other universities are adhering to the order except LU.\"Meanwhile, the university spokesperson, clarified, \"There was a meeting going on which ended when the employees' union president, Rai went to meet the VC, and another meeting was about to begin. There was a third meeting scheduled after half an hour. Many university teachers and other officials were sitting inside the office. The situation did not permit to discuss the matter with Rai. But Rai created indiscipline and did not obey to the VC's order. Hence, the VC asked him to leave his room. He also reported the matter to the proctor and asked for an enquiry. The VC called Rai after all meetings were over, but he refused. University is ready to talk to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734838", "title": "Taking care of soldiers' families, the CRPF way", "text": "NAGPUR: Parvati is like any other housewife living with her two-year-old kid, with one difference. For most part of the year, she lives alone as husband Kisan remains away to perform nation's duties. Kisan works with Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF) and is often posted in areas of militancy or insurgency hit areas of Kashmir and northeastern states. Currently, he is in Gadchiroli for anti-Naxal operations.Like him, hundreds of jawans are performing national duties without worrying about their family back home, thanks to various initiatives by CRPF's Group Centre (GC) in Shivangaon in Nagpur. It provides logistics support to nearly 11 battalions all over India and also takes care of their administration. Apart from their regular duties, the centre is engaged in a lot of activities under the leadership of deputy inspector general of police (DIGP) Akhilesh Prasad Singh.\"We have about 1,200 family quarters in our campus where families of such personnel stay. We take their full care by offering them best facilities. The aim is to reduce tension of soldiers fighting the enemy - both internal and external ones,\" Singh told TOI.The DIGP adds that a person could only perform well when he was free from worries. Soldiers had a tougher task on hand - to maintain nation's security. \"We have devised a unique scheme for housewives where they can spend their spare time doing quality work and get some money in return. During afternoons, we give them training in stitching from professionals. Then they are engaged in stitching dresses for all our soldiers. They not only earn a decent amount but also spend their time creatively,\" Singh said adding that they conducted regular health check-up camps along with career counselling for children too.Commandant at the centre RT Paramhans informed the force was engaged in rehabilitation of injured soldiers and the wives of those who were martyred. \"Beautician training, pickle and envelope making were among the programmes run for such women so that they could stand on their feet in adverse situation and look after their family,\" he said.The centre has a Montessori school and a branch of Kendriya Vidyalaya up to Class XII on its premises. A 50-bed hospital with state-of-the-art facilities is also present. Even a plant for producing mineral water is operated inside the heavily-guarded premises where a big can of water is available for just Rs 10. The price for the same in market is Rs 50. \"We restrict its sale to the people staying inside the centre. We can't commercialize our products,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733667", "title": "NH-24 repair begins, gear up for traffic jams", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commuters travelling between east and south Delhi from Friday night onwards can expect massive traffic problems, as the part of NH-24 on the Nizamuddin Bridge from east Delhi to south Delhi will remain closed for repairs for almost a month.Traffic police is planning diversions for the commuters on this route, however, it is expected to cause jams on the Ring Road, Noida Link Road and NH-24, said traffic officials.According to traffic police, it is an arterial route and vehicles travel in high speed on the eight-laned NH-24. The vehicles will suddenly be made to slow down at Nizamuddin Bridge and pass through four lanes split in two. This is expected to cause a bottleneck. Moreover, the stretch is already congested due to heavy vehicular movement during peak hours.The entire carriageway, from east to south Delhi on Nizamuddin Bridge, will be repaired for at least a month by the Public Works Department. While traffic cops have asked the repair to be carried out in a phased manner, the blocking of the arterial route is expected to cause traffic chaos. \"We have asked the repairing agency to do the work, two lanes of the carriageway at a time, as closing down the entire route at one time will create chaos,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic), Satyendra Garg.\"In the morning, when traffic movement is heavier from east to south Delhi, we will allow only two of the four lanes of the carriageway on south to east Delhi to be used for traffic. This way, four lanes will be available for traffic movement from east to south Delhi in the morning. In the evening, when the traffic movement is heavier from south to east Delhi, we will allow all four lanes from south to east Delhi to move as usual. This way, the heavier traffic flow will always have four lanes available,\" said JCP Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bellary", "code": "11736513", "title": "Girl from Bellary brings laurels to the state", "text": "BELLARY: A girl from Bellary has brought laurels to the state by winning the third prize at the International Scientific Poster Competition held as part of the International Seafood Congress in Washington DC , USA.Archana C K won the prize for her paper titled 'Strategic alliances as an effective international strategy to improve seafood trade between India and the UK', her dissertation topic for the post-graduation course in Productivity and Innovation Development and Management, from Leeds Metropolitan University in UK. Archana is also a university gold medal winner. Daughter of a manganese miner in Bellary, Archana believes that nothing is impossible if one believes in his/her abilities. When asked how she, being a girl from arid Bellary, developed an interest in seafood, she said, \"It is not about interest in seafood. Actually, marketing is my passion.Whatever is the product, I will market it . Seafood is the staple food of people in England, and due to excessive fishing, the quality and quantity of seafood has drastically gone down in that country. They are now the largest importers of seafood and are looking at the subcontinent for the purpose. I took up this topic for my dissertation,\" she said. Speaking about her future plans, Archana said that to get practical experience she would take up a job and after five years she would start her own business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11733300", "title": "Nominee moves poll panel on husband's arrest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A former sarpanch seeking re-election from Kandhamal district filed a petition before the state election commission on Thursday saying her husband was falsely branded a Maoist and arrested to ruin her electoral prospects.Kumudini Pradhan, a contestant from Sonepur gram panchayat under Daringibadi block, said police picked up her husband Manmohan without any provocation on January 15. \"Two days later, I saw on news channels that he was arrested for his suspected links with Maoists. It was a conspiracy to ensure my defeat,\" said Kumudini.In her petition, the tribal woman from Juangia village said some people wanted to unanimously select a panchayat representative without contest. \"But since I filed the nomination, a political design was made against me. After I filed the papers, another woman too filed hers,\" she said.The 38-year-old said her rivals bribed police to frame her husband. \"He was elected a samiti member in 2002. My family believes in democracy and has nothing to do with the Maoists,\" she said, adding the timing of the arrest just days before the elections is significant. \"It was orchestrated to put mental pressure on me. He is a contractor doing road and canal work, in close coordination with the administration, and is not remotely connected with any rebel activities,\" she said.Seeking the SEC's intervention, Pradhan said her husband was forced by police to shoulder a gun, was paraded in the jungle and assaulted. Pradhan pleaded before the SEC to facilitate her husband's bail so that she could fight the election properly.Police defended the arrest saying there was credible evidence against the man's connection with the rebels. \"Police worked on the basis of evidence. Court will decide the merits of the case. I will not like to comment on further details as the matter is sub-judice,\" said Kandhamal SP J N Pankaj, adding police will submit their reply to the commission in the due course of time.On the timing of the arrest, Pankaj said the ultras heighten their activities during election time. \"We are trying our best to make the poll process peaceful,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734941", "title": "Grieving kin face red tape and uncertain future", "text": "NAGPUR: After a long wait between hope and despair, the grieving kin of the victims of the Kalamna warehouse collapse tragedy are now looking for answers of a different kind. Five of the six bodies found late Wednesday night were of labourers. All five were the only bread earners of their families. They left behind school going children to face the life on their own.It wasn't easy for them to get already decaying bodies on those who used to be their loved ones. Many relatives of the five men were hanging around the mortuary of Mayo hospital since early Thursday morning. It was not before late afternoon that they could take the bodies away. They said neither the police nor the hospital authorities helped them get through the procedure quickly. The doctors said they did their job as soon as they got panchnamas from police. The document filling procedure that could have been done in 45 minutes took the police more than three hours.\"We have all been waiting since 9 am while the first post mortem started between 1 and 1.30 pm. We have waited at that dreadful site for two days for them to be taken out from under the rubble. Now, we have been made to wait for so long here that we are running out of patience,\" said Raju Sahare, relative of victim Raju Fating.Tirath Chadralekh, who had come to claim the body of his nephew Sonuram Chandralekh, said that most of the people from their Chhattisgarhi settlement at Dipty Signal were daily wagers and had already lost four earning days. \"Our limited source of income means that if we do not go to work for a couple of days more, there would be a lot more trouble than we can face after this massive tragedy which has taken away many of our young men,\" he said.\"Fating left behind a wife and a 15-year old daughter. Chandralekh has five children between the ages of 5 and 16. Another victim Ramadhar Sabarsathi had three very young children. We are all worried how they would be able to fend for themselves,\" worried Sharad Sahu, a member of the settlement. He said that though the villagers would chip in with whatever they could, all of them lived from hand to mouth, making it difficult for them to help these families. He said most of these kids went to school as their parents believed this could change their fate. \"They may just have to stop going to school,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734732", "title": "No end to tug-of-war between Cong leaders", "text": "MUMBAI: There is no sign of an end to dissension in the Congress. A day after party Members of Parliament (MP) and All-India Congress Committee (AICC) functionaries Priya Dutt and Sanjay Nirupam dissented against the city Congress leadership over ticket distribution, city president Kripashankar Singh's supporters retaliated.Nirupam and Dutt had expressed dismay on Wednesday for being \"ignored\" while finalizing candidature for seven seats in their constituencies.Pointing a finger at Singh, they conveyed their dissent to the party high command. As the Delhi leadership took note of it and told the state leadership to review candidates for some seats, Singh's supporters, including party functionaries, offered resistance to change, especially in wards 84 (Kalina) and 85 (Bandra), part of Singh's assembly segment.Claiming she was in the dark about their nomination, Dutt opposed the candidature of Brian Miranda (84) and Anish Sankala (85), both Singh supporters. Dutt had supported corporators Dharmesh Vyas (84) and Rafique Sheikh (85). Congress corporator Alice Therattil was also in the fray from ward 84.With Singh supporters refusing to give an inch, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, state party president Manikrao Thakre and AICC observer Bharatsingh Solanki have a tough task at hand.Therattil and Sheikh resigned from the party in the evening and plan to contest as independents. Dutt had claimed that she was not aware of the names of final candidates chosen in these wards. She had supported the candidature of two-time corporator Lalitha Annamalai from ward 155 in Kurla, where her husband S Annamalai is sitting corporator, which too was overruled.Another disputed seat (ward 31, Malad), in Nirupam's constituency, saw a change in candidate. Sources said the party replaced Indian Youth Congress (IYC) candidate Tejinder Tiwana, nominated on Wednesday, with Parminder Bhamra, a party block president. The change followed an objection by district functionaries and local legislator Aslam Sheikh had highlighted complaints of \"anti-party activities\" against Tiwana's mother Jaya, the ward's corporator, and a past corruption case against his father Satnam, a former corporator. But this could spell further dissension in party ranks.Accusing Nirupam of manipulating and instigating the change, Sadaf Aboli, president, Mumbai IYC, alleged that Bhamra was not even in contention when the party's parliamentary board decided on Tiwana. He said Tiwana, with a clean and proven track record, was nominated by Gandhi, and had not indulged in anti-party activities. But he said Bhamra had worked for the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and had criminal cases against him. Nirupam said he would not like to respond to frivolous allegations, and would clarify the issue with Gandhi himself, if asked. Party sources said Rajeev Satav, president, IYC, was consulted but Aboli denied it. He said a complaint had been made to Gandhi's officeMeanwhile, Dutt addressed thousands of party workers who had gathered outside her Bandra residence. Accusing the city Congress leadership of high-handedness, she told workers that she would fight injustice meted out to loyalists. Dutt supporters shouted slogans against Singh and state cabinet minister Naseem Khan. But Singh maintained that the candidature had been decided by a committee comprising Chavan, Thakre and Solanki.Congress candidate Sachin Sakat (ward 126, Ghatkopar) was found ineligible after scrutiny of nominations. The party will now have to issue the B-form to another candidate in the fray. Technical problems during scrutiny emerged in one more case, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11735949", "title": "Foreigner, poll staff among 3 targeted by snatchers", "text": "AMRITSAR: Three cases of snatchings were reported in the city on Thursday. While two incidents involved local residents, in third, a Chinese woman was robbed when she was on her way to the Golden Temple. Two men snatched her purse, a camera and a mobile phone. In her statement to Kotwali police, she said her purse contained Rs 5000 and 2200 Chinese Yuan currency.In another case, an unidentified motorcyclist snatched the purse of Kanika Gupta, a resident of Dayanand Nagar, when she was returning to her house. She had Rs 5,000 and a mobile phone in her purse. The other victim was Kiran Bala of Shiv Enclave, who was returning to her house after election duty. She was near her house when two persons on a Pulsar snatched purse containing Rs 3,500, election duty related papers, voter card and some other documents.Police have registered cases in all three cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11740123", "title": "A musical evening with Ayaan and Amaan Ali", "text": "Sarod maestro Ustad Amjad Ali Khan with two sons Ayaan and Amaan were here recently for a concert organized at a city school.The show began with Kathak dancer Sandeep Mahavir presenting a dance recital. But it was a dance recital with a difference because it was a blend of Rajasthani folk and Kathak dance forms. It was the perfect start to the event and was appreciated by not just the audience but also Ustad Amjad Ali Khan. Everyone, however, seemed to be eagerly waiting for Ustadji to take the stage. Amaan and Ayaan took charge of evening before Amjad Ali Khan joined them on stage. The duo performed on raag Jhinjhoti.Wah Ustad Dedicating his performance to Mahatma Gandhi for it was his death anniversary a day later, Ustad Amjad Ali Khan tuned the silver strings to the song, \"Vaishnav jana to\". Rhythmic claps by the audience were enough to describe how the musical recital was accepted by those present at the event. Soon Amaan and Ayaan joined him on stage. \"Solo performance becomes easier when you have to share and perform together. My guru used to say that adjustment is the greatest prayer of life,\" said the maestro before presenting the third recital \"Ekla chalo re\" with Amaan and Ayaan. The event came to a close with the trio being felicitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11736686", "title": "Mediator gets constable freed from Red clutches", "text": "RANCHI: Police constable Sunesh Ram alias Suresh Paswan has been released by Maoists on Thursday after 11 days following police promise that ongoing combing operations in Palamu division would be stopped for the time being.Police officers also apparently conceded to pay heed to complaints of \"police excesses\" and tackle villagers in a humane manner. The rebels handed Ram over to human rights activist Shashi Bhushan Pathak who was requested to mediate in the matter.On way to Ranchi from the jungles of Garhwa, Ram told TOI that he was happy to be released because at one point of time he started believing that he would be killed when their demands were refused by the government. \"I was treated with humility and Maoist spokesperson Sudhir was ready to talk to any mediator. He also gave me Rs 1,000 while releasing,\" he said.Asked if police agreed to the demands put forward by the Maoists, IG (South Chhotanagpur) Rezi Dungdung said that the police accepted the offer for mediation by Pathak and spoke to the Maoist leaders. \"We halted the operations temporarily as per demand because we wanted safe release of the constable,\" he said categorically denying to one of the demands of Maoists about removal of police pickets from three vital spots of Latehar district - Oreya, Kone and Sarju.Dungdung, however, admitted that the police had assured the rebels of listening to complaints of \"police excesses\", if any, and deal with them humanly. \"We have recently shown our gesture after newspaper reports about two innocent persons falsely being detained by Garhwa police in connection with the Bhandaria landmine blast of January 21. Police were directed to release both the students and handed over to their family members,\" he said.Pathak said that Ram would be handed over to IG in Ranchi on Friday.Expressing gratitude to police for halting operations in the region, Pathak said that despite orders given by the IG, Garhwa SP continued with the combing operation which delayed release of the constable by a couple of days. \"We could have met the Maoists to get custody of Ram if Garhwa police stalled the operations,\" Pathak said, claiming that his efforts were successful as the release was made possible without any bloodbath from either side. Appealing to both Maoists and police to shun violence and gunfight, he said that talks are the only solution to the problem.Giving clean chit to mukhiya of Bardarh panchayat who was arrested on charges of masterminding the landmine blast in which 13 policemen were killed and four persons later abducted by the Maoists, one among which was the constable himself, Ram said that he would appeal to the administration to handle the case carefully. \"I was with them for the past 10 days and there is no doubt that none of the villagers was hand in glove with the Maoists who targeted the police party,\" Ram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11735695", "title": "Pak PM faces contempt charges", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's supreme court on Thursday summoned PM Yousaf Raza Gilani to appear before it on February 13 to frame contempt charges against him for defying its orders to write to Swiss authorities to reopen a graft case against president Asif Ali Zardari .Gilani told parliament later that he respects the court and will honour its request for a second appearance.The court's order has ramped political crisis in the country, as Gilani could lose his job and face six months in prison if convicted. But the PM could avoid being charged by appealing against the order , apologizing or promising to write to the Swiss.\"After the preliminary hearing, we are satisfied prima facie that there is enough case for further proceedings. The case is adjourned until February 13 for the formal framing of charges. The PM will be present in person,\" said justice Nasir ul Mulk, who heads the seven-judge bench hearing the case.Gilani's lawyer, Chaudhary Aitzaz Ahsan, told the court that the country's law ministry had advised him against writing to the Swiss. On this, justice Mulk remarked that the premier was efficient in listening, but did not give due consideration to the court's orders. \"The PM has the right to turn down law ministry's advice,\" another judge pointed out.Ahsan argued that the Swiss were told that the case against Zardari was closed after the National Reconciliation Order (NRO) that granted amnesty from graft cases to politicians as part of a deal between former PM Benazir Bhutto and military ruler Pervez Musharraf . \"The Swiss authorities closed the cases on lack of evidence.''The lawyer presented a summary of the Swiss response to the government in September 2010, which stated that there were no cases against the president there.The court questioned why the summary has never been presented in any of the previous hearings. \"If the cases are closed, then why the government is afraid of writing the letter,\" the court asked.\"The government should write the letter for our satisfaction and then we will see what the Swiss authorities have to say in reply.''Since 2009, theSC has been insisting the government write to the Swiss about reopening of the case president Zardari after it threw out NRO. But the government has been defying its orders, claiming that the president enjoyed immunity from prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11735309", "title": "Bhagwati Kumar Sharma awarded Vali Gujarati Ghazal Award", "text": "SURAT: Renowned poet Bhagwati Kumar Sharma, 74, was awarded Vali Gujarati Ghazal Award 2011 on Thursday. Sharma, a veteran journalist and litterateur from the city, was given the award in recognition for his contribution to the literature world.Vali Gujarati was the first Urdu poet from Gujarat and the award was given by Vali Gujarati Ghazal Kendra of Gujarat Sahitya Academy, Gandhinagar. Fakir Vaghela, minister for sports, youth and cultural activity gave the award. Sharma is the key person behind Gujarati Department at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11736474", "title": "A time to celebrate for Aroras", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was double delight for Aroras of Model Town when they celebrated the 25th birthday of their son Gaganpreet and also held his 'roka' ceremony with Dalgir Kaur of Saharanpur.This function was organized at Park Plaza and celebrated with pomp and show. Gaganpreet's father Surinder Pal Singh said they were not ready to do the 'roka' of their son on his birthday but Gagan wanted it to be so.His brother and sister-in-law Amanpreet Singh and Gagandeep Kaur also congratulated the couple. Gaganpreet and Dalgir also cut a cake as their families looked on lovingly.\"There are very few people who remember the day of their 'roka'... I am one of the luckier ones,\" said an excited Gaganpreet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11735140", "title": "MMC continues anti-encroachment drive in Aquem", "text": "MARGAO: Continuing with its anti-encroachment drive, the Margao municipal council (MMC) confiscated items from outside two restaurants near St Sebastian chapel in Aquem worth 25,000 to 30,000 on Thursday.The drive headed by MMC market inspector Mohan Arlekar also cleared items such as boxes and cloth material found encroaching on public space near the T B Cunha new high school in Aquem.\"We had served the two restaurants notices eight days ago and also reminded them two days back to remove whatever items were kept in front of their restaurant,\" said Arlekar.Outside the two restaurants there was a fast food makeshift stall and a pav bhaji stand, both of which were lifted by the MMC officials and items such as a table, plastic, cooking utensils etc were confiscated.MMC officials added that the restaurant owners would have to pay a fine to get their items back and added that there would be a 'mega encroachment drive' in Margao on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11733634", "title": "Rajasthan aims at lowering infant deaths to 30 per thousand", "text": "JAIPUR: The target of bringing the infant mortality rate (IMR) down to 30 till 2017 is a daunting task for the state government. IMR is the number of deaths of babies under one year of age per 1,000 live births.A lot has to be done in rural Rajasthan, where the IMR is still above 60, which is fourth highest in the entire country. In rural Rajasthan, 61 infant deaths happened per 1,000 births in 2010. But, in urban areas it is 31 per 1,000 live births, the latest Union health ministry data showed.The IMR in rural areas of Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Orissa is 67, 64 and 63, respectively. Rajasthan is fourth in the list with an IMR of 61.The total IMR in the state is 55 but by 2017 the state government has to bring it down to 30. Though the newly released figures, which showed decrease in IMR from 59 to 55 in comparison to last year, encouraged the medical, health and family welfare department but it has also hinted that it is a long battle to fight as the previous efforts produced very little progress.The officials claimed they have introduced various medical facilities in rural Rajasthan to bring down IMR and the decrease is result of the steps taken in the past five years.They claimed that at primary health centres and community health centres in the rural areas, the government has opened facility-based newborn care centres, sick newborn care units and malnutrition treatment centres in the state.\"In these centres, sick newborns get medical treatment for various diseases, especially fatal ones,\" Gayatri Rathore, mission director, National Rural Health Mission (Rajasthan), said.Compared to the 2008 figures, the state has shown little improvement. The total IMR in 2008 was 63. It was 69 in rural areas and 38 in urban areas. In the last two years, the total IMR in the state has reduced by 8.In Rajasthan 350 samples were taken, 250 in rural areas and 100 in urban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734114", "title": "Chidambaram gets a breather till tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court appears to have given Union home minister P Chidambaram a breather. It has refrained from determining Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy's petition demanding a CBI probe into Chidambaram's alleged collaboration with A Raja in award of 2G licences.Instead, it asked the special CBI court to decide the matter as Swamy had already filed an application before it to summon Chidambaram as an accused.However, even while doing so, the bench seemed to have few doubts that Chidambaram as then finance minister did not help Raja give away spectrum at \"virtually throwaway prices\".Special Judge O P Saini may decide the matter on Saturday itself.The Supreme Court, in its verdict on Thursday, said former telecom minister A Raja actually avoided then finance minister P Chidambaram while deciding on the 2G licence allocation. The observations of the top court, technically speaking, should not shape the order of the special CBI court that decides on the role played by Chidambaram in 2G allocation, but it is felt that special judge O P Saini may not be able to ignore them altogether.Although the Supreme Court bench has given the trial court two weeks to decide the matter, Justice Saini has reserved his order for Saturday on the petition by Swamy seeking to make Chidambaram a co-accused in the case. So, it is possible that the court might decide the matter on Saturday itself.\"As the minister of C&IT; (Raja) was very much conscious of the fact that the secretary, finance, had objected to the allocation of 2G spectrum at the rates fixed in 2001, he did not consult the finance minister or the officers of the finance ministry,\" the SC judgment has said.Swamy has alleged that Chidambaram was actively involved in Raja's scheme and did not stop the former telecom minister from twisting rules. However, the SC bench pointed out that Raja did not heed the decision of the Union council of ministers that DoT discuss the issue of spectrum pricing with the finance ministry.The order says Raja had brushed aside the suggestion by the minister of law and justice for placing the matter before the empowered group of ministers.\"Not only this, within a few hours of the receipt of the suggestion made by the prime minister in his letter dated 2.11.2007 that keeping in view the inadequacy of spectrum, transparency and fairness should be maintained in the matter of allocation of the spectrum, the minister of C&IT; rejected the same by saying that it will be unfair, discriminatory, arbitrary and capricious to auction the spectrum to new applicants because it will not give them level playing field,\" the judgment said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11735155", "title": "Anna to rest for corruption battle", "text": "BANGALORE: It will be rest and recovery for crusader Anna Hazare just before his next battle against the government.Hazare who arrived in the city on Thursday said the fight is not over and campaign against corruption will hit back with full force. \"This fight is not about Anna or Arvind, this fight is against corruption. Youngsters have to come forward and take this fight on,\" the social activist said.\"I'm here for some rest. We have to take the fight forward. I will be ready after I get my quota of rest,\" he said.Arvind Kejriwal , who accompanied Hazare, said Bangaloreans' response is proof that the campaign has not lost steam. \"We will soon restart the anti-corruption campaign,\" he said.Hazare arrived at the airport at 12.10pm and his followers also included children who came to receive him. The Gandhian was escorted to the Jindal Naturopathy Institute on Tumkur Road, located 40 km from the airport.Hospital officials said Hazare's treatment might be on for 10 days. \"The treatment is purely natural; no medicines will be used. Our doctors have examined him and the treatment will start from Friday,\" said SC Jain, chief operating officer, Jindal Naturopathy Institute.According to the hospital spokesperson, Hazare will on fruits and juice diet during the initial stages, and later be given boiled food. \"The cost of the stay is around Rs 10,000 per day,\" he said.Hazare was admitted to a hospital in Pune in December last year after breaking his fast in Mumbai when he suffered from chest infection. Later, he was shifted to Delhi where he underwent checkup at Medanta Medicity in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11736557", "title": "Building collapse: Another body retrieved, toll 9", "text": "The toll in the Chikli Layout building collapse reached nine after rescuers retrieved one more body from under the debris on Thursday. The five-storeyed structure housing a warehouse and a cold storage that caved in on Monday afternoon has left 15 injured, of which two are critical.The tragedy also saw some businessmen extending a helping hand in the rescue work. A company that rents out jumbo combi-crushers usually for .`20,000 an hour offered services for free. Traders and distressed relatives of trapped labourers clashed again on Thursday as some businessmen tried to take away foodgrain sacks retrieved from the rubble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733700", "title": "JNU admissions go online, forms from February 6", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jahawarlal Nehru University announced its admission process for the 2012-13 academic session on Thursday. In a first, the varsity has introduced an online application process. The sale and submission of application forms, both online and offline, will start from February 6.The university will hold entrance examinations for admission to various programmes, including Combined Biotechnology Entrance Examination on behalf of participating universities in 52 cities across India and in Kathmandu on May 22, 23, 24 and 25.\"The online application process starts from 10am on February 6 and will continue till 5pm on March 21. The last date for submission of the online application is March 28,\" said JNU PRO, Poonam Kudaisya.Students can also make payments online. Those without internet access can get forms through post by sending a crossed bank draft for Rs300 drawn in favour of JNU. The last date of submission of these forms is also March 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11735638", "title": "AAI okays air cargo complex design for Bajpe", "text": "MANGALORE: The Airports Authority of India (AAI) headquarters has approved the civil works design for the proposed air cargo complex proposed in the old terminal building at Bajpe here. AAI has invited tenders for the civil construction, which is likely to be finalized by the end of this month, and the construction, to be taken up at an estimated cost of Rs 35 lakh, would be finished by March- end.Airport director M R Vasudeva told TOI here on Thursday that the space available in the erstwhile arrival hall of the old terminal building at Bajpe would be utilized for setting up the complex. Vasudeva said: \"The civil works primarily entails construction of partition to house cold-storage unit, place to store dangerous goods, provision for customs office and computer hub to monitor the movement of goods to and from the complex.\"There is nearly 4,000 sqft of space available at the old arrival hall, Vasudeva said, adding this would be utilized to handle the import and export of goods.\"We have requested the customs department to provide us the necessary clearance for the smooth functioning of the complex,\" Vasudeva said, adding that these should come through by the time civil work is ready. The primary area for Exim that the city is targetting is the Gulf,\" Vasudeva said.Former president of Kanara Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry, G G Mohandas Prabhu, the prime mover of this proposal, told TOI that the chamber mooted the idea to utilize the space at the old arrival hall to then aviation minister Vayalar Ravi. \"With most Gulf nations well-connected by flights from Mangalore, the presence of air cargo complex will vastly boost trade with those nations - especially floriculture and marine exports,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735760", "title": "Anugrah gets positive response from citizens", "text": "LUCKNOW: Those of us who take the warmth of our homes for granted would be surprised to know that there are lakhs on the streets of our city who battle for survival against the icy winter winds at night, with hope for warmth as their only wish. So take a step forward and join in providing relief to the underprivileged from this battle against the cold by pitching in The Times of India woollens donation campaign - Times Anugrah. The drive, which was launched 6 days ago, has received a tremendous response, with several people from across the city coming forward and making generous donations of warm clothing.You too can make someone smile by participating in this drive and donating woollen clothes for those in need. The clothes collected in this drive will be distributed across orphanages, old age homes and among the homeless. You can make your donation at various collection points across the city, which will be open for contribution till February 5. Some of the prominent locations include The Times of India Office at Rana Pratap Marg, BSNL Office at La Place, Dayal Paradise in Gomti Nagar, JSV Hyundai on Faizabad Road, Cherry Tree Bakery in Nirala Nagar, Noopur Institute of Music and Yoga in Kapoorthala, Kidzee in Indira Nagar and the Millennium School on Rae Bareli Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11733503", "title": "HC summons officials over plight of mentally ill", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking a serious note of the non-implementation of Mental Health Act and the plight of mentally ill persons lying unattended and uncared for on roadsides and public places in the state, a division bench of Rajasthan High Court comprising Justice Dalip Singh and Justice S S Kothari has asked the director, medical &amp; health department, chief medial and health officer, Jaipur, commissioner of police, Jaipur and chief judicial magistrate (secretary, District Legal Services Authority) to appear in person on Feburary 6 before the court.The court was annoyed that a large number of mentally ill persons are left unattended on roadsides by their family members while the authority, despite being duty-bound under the law to safeguard their fundamental rights, do not care for them.\"We have seen mentally ill persons lying unattended and uncared in public places. They have a fundamental right for a better life. The society owes a duty towards them and even the law is there to protect them. We cannot close our eyes to non-compliance of the Mental Health Act and the issue needs consideration,\" observed Justice Dalip Singh.The order came on a habeas corpus petition filed by one Gopal Mohan whose daughter Kamlesh went missing from her inlaws' house. Though she was traced by Jaipur police, on interrogation it was found that the woman was mentally sick and had left her house earlier also. When the police brought it to the notice of court that they were not sure what to do in such cases, the division bench took a serious note of the ignorance of law by the authority and issued direction to the officials to appear in person before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11734183", "title": "RTI activists slam nominations of info commissioners", "text": "The government's move to project itself as champion of RTI Act by appointing an unexpected eight information commissioners has backfired with protests against the appointments gaining momentum on Thursday. More than 50 civil society organizations joined hands on this issue.The members of the organizations as well as individual RTI activists are now up in arms and are calling the appointments illegal.\"It is a blatant violation of the RTI Act as most of the candidates selected for the key roles have direct political affiliation,\" said Chelikani Rao of Federation of AP Senior Citizens Organizations (FAPSCO). He also expressed his unhappiness over the manner in which the selection process was done.Activists are planning to intensify protests by involving organizations from across the state if the government does not agree to their demand that the appointments be reconsidered.Activists are mainly against the appointment of five commissioners -- L Tantia Kumari, M Vijaya Nirmala, V Venkateswarlu, M Ratan and Imtiyaz Ahmad whose background violates the spirit of the RTI Act.\"It is surprising that even leader of the opposition N Chandrababu Naidu has endorsed the appointments. It is nothing but sharing of spoils by political parties,\" Chelikani Rao said.M Padmanabha Reddy, secretary, Forum For Good Governance, said the appointment of M Ratan, an IPS officer who is still serving in the vigilance and enforcement department, is a clear violation as under the Act anyone holding an office of profit cannot be considered for such a role.Activists now plan to meet the chief minister and the governor in this regard to put pressure on them to revise the list and threaten to launch protests, and even plan legal action if the government fails to relent.S Srinivass Reddy of APSA (Association of Promotion of Social Activities) said, \"We are garnering support from across the state and are expecting 150 more civil society organizations to join the cause. We will take this campaign to the public and also involve them.\"Activists plan to run signature campaigns, satyagraha movements, protest meets, cultural protests and have also decided not to cooperate with the newly-appointed commissioners by not attending any future meetings of the commission.V Lakshmana Reddy of Jana Chaitanya Vedika further informed that they were planning to knock on the doors of Central Information Commission, Delhi on the matter and also meet national-level representatives of political parties to get their support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734280", "title": "Teacher suspended for injuring boy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A class IX student of New Middle High School, Relief Road, was badly injured when his teacher flung a metal scale at him on Thursday. The teacher serving on a temporary basis, Neelu Patel, had asked the class students to take out their text-books.When Mullah Fahil Farooq took some time to fish the textbook out of his bag, the teacher got angry and threw the scale at him which hit him below the eye and left him bleeding. The teacher was suspended by school authorities.The sharp end of the scale pierced the boy's skin below his eye and the wound started bleeding profusely. When the boy started crying and tried to flee from the class, Neelu is reported to have threatened him not to leave the class. She is reported to have slapped him thrice in anger and frustration.When the wound would not stop bleeding, the boy finally mustered the courage to flee the class and went straight to his home. The boy was taken to the nearby hospital for medical treatment. Later, angry parents staged protest outside the school and demanded that the teacher be suspended.\"The scale could have damaged my son's eyes. Beating the students like this is illegal and inhuman. Such teachers, who have temper issues and are impatient with children, should not be allowed to work with small children\", Fahil's father Farooq said.When the parents threatened to file a police complaint if the teacher was not suspended, the school authorities took action against the teacher.\"The teacher was appointed a few months ago. This was the first complaint against her and we have suspended her for hurting the child,\" said school trustee Milan Kapadia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11735016", "title": "BJP to finalize candidates on Feb 5", "text": "PANAJI: On February 5, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) central election committee is scheduled to finalize the names of candidates in all constituencies after they are shortlisted by the state election committee.BJP's national president Nitin Gadkari is likely to announce the BJP-Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) alliance. BJP is likely to contest 33 seats and MGP six constituencies.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11736455", "title": "Fire mishap averted near Cochin Shipyard", "text": "KOCHI: A major fire mishap was averted with the timely intervention of the Fire and Rescue Services officials near the Shipyard on MG Road on Thursday afternoon.The officials said a godown situated on the first floor of a building adjacent to MG Road got completely gutted. Four fire tenders rushed to the spot to douse the flames and prevent the fire from spreading to nearby buildings.Short circuit was said to be the reason for the fire which spread when empty cardboard cartons placed in the godown caught fire. The people who were inside the hotel situated on the ground floor of the building were evacuated. No casualties were reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11735031", "title": "Road blocked to protest boy's death in accident", "text": "PATNA: Agitated over the death of a boy in a road accident near the Phulwarisharif block office on Thursday, locals blocked the Khagaul-Phulwarisharif road and ransacked a portion of the block office besides indulging in stone pelting.Police said Ashok Kumar and Munna (13), both residents of Kanhauli village under the Bihta police station, were travelling on a two-wheeler with Munna pillion riding it. Police said when the two-wheeler reached near the block office, a tractor hit it from behind, killing Munna on the spot.Police said though the tractor driver escaped with the vehicle towards Anisabad, a mob chased him and intercepted the vehicle but the driver managed to escape from the spot.On getting information, the Phulwarisharif police reached the place and took possession of the body and sent it to hospital for autopsy. Police said while they were busy in carrying the body, some rowdy elements entered the block office and ransacked a room and also indulged in stone pelting.Phulwarisharif SDPO Rakesh Dubey said seven persons were arrested in this connection. Even the tractor driver was arrested later and the vehicle seized, the SDPO said and added that the local police were trying to identify the miscreants involved in trouble-making with the help of video footages.Theft: Two gold bangles and a laptop were stolen from the house of one Sudhir Singh located in K-Sector under the Patrakarnagar police station on Thursday.Patrakarnagar SHO Dhirendra Pandey said the incident appears to be the handiwork of some ragpicker.An FIR has been lodged in this connection, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733511", "title": "FOB repair: Traffic cops write to PWD", "text": "NEW DELHI: One day after a 22-wheeled trailer(with registration number RJ 01 GA 4171) crashed into the foot-over bridge (FOB) near Pamposh Enclave on Outer Ring Road, Public Works Department (PWD) has been asked to repair the over bridge at the earliest.The collision not only dismantled the structure but also brought peak-hour traffic movement to a standstill on Wednesday.Local police has been directed to ensure that no pedestrians use the bridge. Cops have also asked the road-owning agency Public Works Department (PWD), to repair the bridge at the earliest, after seeking expert opinion on the damages and repair work.The incident, which occurred in the wee hours of Wednesday morning, is the third such incident to take place at the FOB, prompting traffic police to write to PWD immediately to put remedial measures in place. A case of negligence has been registered at Chittaranjan Park police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11736089", "title": "Public outcry against power tariff hike", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was clear from the outset that the public was in no mood to accept the power traffic hike proposed to be implemented from April 1, 2012. People, who arrived in large numbers, swamped the Corporation Kalaiarangam here on Thursday to find that there was only one registration desk set up to participate in the hearing conducted by Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission.As they attempted to enter the premises without registering, police stopped them, leading to a confrontation. After some tense moments, police arranged for a second registration desk and people finally managed to enter.Even as the public hearing was about to begin, policemen entered the premises. This caused loud protests from the public who demanded that they vacate the premises as their presence was a threat to their right to expression. The hearing began after the policemen left.Representatives of industry said that they were the single largest revenue source for the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board and were being already subjected to many woes due to disruption in power supply. Farmers said they were being penalised in the name of power theft. They said that the TNEB should look for long-term ways to end its losses amounting to Rs 14,496 crores instead of revising tariff.Member of Parliament PR Natarajan of the CPI(M) alleged that the hearing was being held to fulfil a formality and served no purpose. He said the government should pay the TNEB Rs 9,500 crore for providing free electricity to farmers. He urged the TNEB to sell its assets worth several crores of rupees as it was in a crisis brought on by its own inefficiency.The most scathing criticism came from the Coimbatore District Small Industries Association. Stating the power tariff set by the TNEB was non-transparent, Codissia said, \"The information regarding cost of power from various sources has not been clearly spelled out leaving consumers to work backwards to calculate costs in order to file objections.\" Accusing the TNEB of inefficiency, Codissia said, \"the cost of such inefficiency is being passed on to the consumer\".\"Industries are already suffering from severe power cuts which include outages for HT consumers, peak hour restrictions, three-hour scheduled load shedding and unscheduled cuts. This has increased the cost of power to industries. Further, increase at this stage will only add to their burden,\" the statement added. It suggested that the TNEB bring down the cost of power purchase from private traders on a par with National Thermal Power Corporation and National Lignite Corporation prices.Among those to submit opinions to the TNERC were the Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ICCI), Coimbatore. It said that Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) has proposed a 20% power hike for high tension and low tension consumers. It has also sought to increase peak hours from six to eight hours, when tariff is high. The Isaid that since electricity is a basic need, it should not be priced exorbitantly. It also requested that commercial tariff should not be very high. It should only be cost effective for the TNEB.The Tamil Nadu Poultry Farmers Welfare Association said the proposed power tariff hike will affect the rural people the most. It said a fixed charge system for commercial connections will wipe out small shops using power between 100watts and 500watts a days.At the public hearing, R R Balasundaram of the ICCI said that a 40% increase in power tariff was unacceptable. Increasing the scheduled power cuts to 8 hours daily, from 6, would wipe out industries in western Tamil Nadu. M Kandhaswami, president, Codissia said that 5320 medium and small scale industries will be closed down due to the power hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734791", "title": "Vijayakanth given 10-day suspension", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu assembly's privileges committee on Thursday suspended the leader of the opposition, DMDK chief Vijayakanth, from the House for 10 days for his \" rude behaviour\" on Wednesday.The recommendation was announced by speaker D Jayakumar, who told the assembly that during his suspension period \"Vijayakanth cannot avail any of the benefits that an opposition leader is entitled to\".While the present session will conclude on February 4, the committee's stricture will ensure that the DMDK leader does not attend the first seven days of the next session as well. The speaker said the other DMDK members were let off with a warning.An unrepentant Vijayakanth lashed out at chief minister J Jayalalithaa, insisting he had been denied freedom of speech in the House. \"Even I am ashamed. I really regret forging an alliance with the AIADMK,\" he told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733790", "title": "Earphones on, man run over on track", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year-old man came was run over by a moving train near Azadpur in north Delhi on Thursday. The victim, Suresh Singh, was apparently using earphones and didn't realize that the train was right behind him, said cops.The incident occurred near the tracks in the Adarsh Nagar area. Singh, eyewitnesses said, seemed like lost in music while walking. The train, which was coming from Panipat, run him over while he was trying to cross the tracks.People nearby rushed him to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead. \"We received a call round 5pm about the incident and rushed to the spot. We have sent the body for postmortem and are waiting for reports,\" said B S Gurjar, Addl DCP, Railways.This was the third instance in the last one week when someone using earphones came under a train. One person in Sahibabad and another in Faridabad had died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "11736018", "title": "Swindler held, remanded in police custody", "text": "Bharuch: A fraudster, wanted in connection with several cases of cheating in cities like Nasik, Aurangabad, Mumbai, Surat, Vadodara and Ahmedabad, was caught by Ankleshwar police on Thursday and remanded to police custody till February 4.Sandip Suresh Kandalkar, 52, a Thane resident, was caught when he came to take possession of a car. The accused used to allegedly release advertisements in newspapers offering gold stock at cheap rate. He used to take 60% of the amount from customers at the time of booking and promised them delivery of gold after one month. However, before the date of delivery of gold, the accused used to disappear from that city. Most of his victims were jewellers.In total, he swindled from them around Rs 33 crore between 2005 to 2011.He had bought an apartment, a farm house and other high-valued properties in Mumbai by cheating people, said M A Saiyed, police inspector, GIDC Ankleshwar police station. He was produced in a local court which remanded him in police custody till February 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11735180", "title": "AC rake snag hits Metro services", "text": "KOLKATA: To quote railways minister Dinesh Trivedi , the \"mother of all Metro systems in the country\" is suffering from a serious ailment. On Thursday evening, Metro Railway services between Maidan and Mahanayak Uttam Kumar stations were suspended for nearly two and a half hours after an AC rake developed a snag. Services resumed only at 7pm after the rake was 'pushed' to the Tollygunge carshed.Around 4.33am, the AC-II rake (the second of five rakes to reach Kolkata in the last couple of years) stopped at Rabindra Sadan station. When the motorman tried to restart after the scheduled stop, the motors wouldn't respond. In railway parlance this is known as 'no motoring'.Engineers tried their best to repair the defective motor at the station itself but their efforts came to naught.\"Finally, at 7 pm, we got another rake to push the AC rake to the Tollygunge carshed. Normal services resumed after that.During the disruption, we ran truncated services from Dum Dum to Maidan and between Kavi Subhas and Mahanayak Uttam Kumar,\" an official said.There are no tracks with a third rail elsewhere in the country. The Metro Railway has suggested to the Railway Board to create a test track for such rakes at ICF.Trivedi announced in Kolkata recently that eight more rakes will arrive from ICF by August, 2012. By April this year, Metro Railway will also get an automatic signaling system. Officials are keeping their fingers crossed and hoping that the new rakes are better than the earlier ones. If they are not, even an automatic signaling system will not bring about any improvement in the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11735167", "title": "Political class gives rise to water crisis", "text": "BANGALORE: 'The political class is responsible for the mess we are in,\" former transport minister PGR Sindhia said at the political roundtable of the Bangalore World Water Summit on Thursday.He had a simple solution to tackle the acute water crisis: \"We should save our water bodies.\"MLA Krishna Byre Gowda said: \"Legitimacy in governance needs to be restored. Only then will we able to win back people's faith in our abilities...There's not enough internal audit in the utilities wing, which in turn, is encouraging inefficiency in performance.\"But he felt politicians alone shouldn't be blamed for the scarcity. \"In a democracy, we need to take people along. It would be unfair to point fingers at politicians alone for the acute crisis,\" he added.Politicians at the roundtable had the following suggestions: water leakage needs to be plugged, lakes must be preserved, recycling and reuse for non-domestic purposes must be encouraged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11735188", "title": "Clarence school gets playground back", "text": "BANGALORE: A city civil court issued an injunction order with respect to Clarence High School playground in Sundaramurthy Nagar in Cox Town based on an application by the school management.The school approached the court after the local MLA and his supporters allegedly went into the playground on the grounds that it was a public space and not meant for the school alone.The school clarified that the playground was given on lease to the school in 1949 on a perpetual basis. \"The lease has not expired. The terms of the lease clearly state that the playground is to be used only by students of the school. It is not intended for any other social function or public use,'' a statement by school principal Benny Joseph said on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734735", "title": "Daughter rapist caged for 10 years", "text": "CHENNAI: In the weekend ahead of Pongal in 2010, 10-year-old Meena (name changed) and her brother, a year older than her, expected to go shopping for new clothes. They were in for a rude shock as their father L Dushyanthan (40), a resident of Althottam in the city, sexually abused his daughter during this period; once in the presence of his son.Now, he has been found guilty of child rape, criminal intimidation, voluntarily causing hurt and sentenced to 10 years' rigorous imprisonment by R Sethumadhavan, sessions judge, Mahalir Court. He directed that Rs 30,000 be given to the victim from the Rs 30,500 fine imposed on the accused. Additional public prosecutor Gowri Asokan appeared for the state.The incidents occurred after Dushyanthan's wife Bhuvaneshwari, a domestic help, left him to live in her mother's house at Mettupalayam. She had taken their daughter along.Bhuvaneshwari said she was unable to cooperate with Dushyanthan as he wouldn't contribute towards the family's upkeep, would often come home drunk and beat her up. He was in the habit of indulging in frequent sexual intercourse, she said.On January 2, he came to her mother's house saying he wanted to buy new dresses for the children and asked if he could take their daughter with him. After reaching Chennai, he sent his son out to buy tea, locked the door and raped his daughter. Later at night, he raped her again even as his son was sleeping next to him. He threatened the children with harm if they spoke of it to anyone.Four days later, Meena told Rekha, a relative, about the incidents and was taken to Bhuvaneswari who found bruises, reddishness and blood in the girl's genital region. A case was lodged at the Anna Salai police station.Observing that it was clear the father had stooped low to satisfy his physical urges, the judge added that Meena's narration of the events was \"natural, credit-worthy, corroborated by other witnesses, and further by medical evidence.\" Concluding that it proved Dushyanthan had raped her, sessions judge R Sethumadhavan said, \"this court is not inclined to show any sympathy to the accused,\" before passing orders on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734209", "title": "Two youths rob bike after scuffle", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A complaint of bike robbery was registered with Naranpura police on Wednesday. According to investigators, the incident indicates at a gang that might be involved in the case.Police said, Mukesh Vaghela, 25, a resident of Bhagwatinagar in Gota, was driving a bike with his nephew as pillion on January 28 when two persons on another bike rammed his vehicle from rear near Vyaswadi.\"The two youths started quarreling with Vaghela for rash driving and threatened to take him to police station. Later, they agreed to take compensation. One of the youths took Vaghela to an ATM to withdraw money, while another youth seized the key of his bike. The youth with Vaghela said he didn't want money and let him go. However, when he returned to the spot, he found his bike stolen,\" said a Naranpura police official. tnnAfter going around 500 meters, the youth asked Vaghela to go home as he would not take money from him. When Vaghela came back to the spot, he found the bike gone. When he questioned Mahendra, he told him that after he left with the youth, the other youth zoomed off with the bike.\"We believe it to be a perfect ploy for vehicle theft. While the victims could not get number of the fleeing duo, we have circulated number of Vaghela's bike and the duo's description,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11735427", "title": "Equity must be basis of climate talks: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: In one of his most emphatic public statements reaffirming the return of 'equity' in India's climate change stance, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said global cooperation on climate change \"must be based on the foundation of the right to development and the need for an equitable distribution of burden\".Coming days before India makes its submission outlining the frame for a post-2020 climate regime, PM's statement was a closely watched event at the Delhi Sustainable Development Summit organized by TERI.\"The need for equity is starkly reflected in the fact that the emissions per capita in industrialized countries are 10 to 12 times those of developing countries. We know that total emissions in the world must decline, but what does this imply for emissions in individual countries? We must find a way of solving this problem in a way that does not deprive developing countries of their right to develop,\" Singh said.This was also the first public statement by the head of the government after the Durban meet in November last year, which saw India bring 'equity' back to the table as one its key non-negotiable principle. In the two years before that India had let the principle of equitable burden sharing be diluted and taken off the agenda. At Durban, it achieved a partial comeback for the issue.Developed countries have been keenly watching for signals from India about how it would approach the framing of discussions for what is called the Durban Platform - a new track of negotiations under the UN convention meant to set the rules for the post 2020 regime.Leaving little room for doubt that Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan's stance had his full backing, the PM said on Thursday, \"In the ensuing negotiations, we will need to focus on the substantive nature of arrangements, based on the principles of equity and common but differentiated responsibilities, more than their legal shape.\"For the first time publicly linking the Rio+20 dialogue with issues of equity as well, the PM laid down the line for upcoming negotiations that are to culminate with a heads of states meeting in Brazil. He said, \"I urge all those gathered here today to reflect whether they have been given the importance they deserved in establishing a new and equitable global partnership that was the aim of the Rio Declaration.\"On the side of the DSDS meeting, the EU commissioner for climate change Connie Haadegard met the Indian environment minister. The meeting, sources said, involved some plain speak from the Indian end including its views on how the EU carbon tax on aviation could destabilize talks on a future climate regime under the Durban platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733597", "title": "Terminator on green mission", "text": "NEW DELHI: He is one of those rare stars who was, and maybe still is, the fantasy of both sexes. Arnold Schwarzenegger , in the city for a single day to speak at the Delhi Sustainable Development Summit, gave stiff competition even to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh when he arrived for the inaugural session on Thursday morning.Dignitaries on the dais, including the PM, had to wait for almost two minutes while the audience went berserk taking Schwarzenegger's pictures.Schwarzenegger delivered a lively keynote address at a session on regional work for sustainability where, as expected, he had the audience eating out of his hands. \"I thought I was popular but when Dr Pachauri ( TERI chief, RK Pachauri) visited California, he was surrounded by people who wanted his autograph, wanting to be photographed with him. I felt invisible. It doesn't happen very often,\" he said. The audience, predictably, was in splits.The Terminator had been quite keen to attend the DSDS in the past but his plans never seemed to work out. In 2007, when he won the sustainable development leadership award, he fractured his leg and had to cancel his trip yet again.\"Nothing could have stopped me from coming to Delhi this time. I had started filming for 'The Last Stand' in mid-October last year and I had told the producers that we have to stop filing by end-January so that I could be in Delhi,\" he said. 'The Last Stand' is Schwarzenegger's comeback film.In 2011, Schwarzenegger started the Regional R20, a non-profit organization that includes regional governments for working on sustainable projects. The body also aims at development of strong local economies, better public health and creation of green jobs.\"While I was the governor of California, we initiated several sustainability projects without the help of Washington. In fact, Washington took our lead and many of our projects were included in the national agenda. Californians are 40% more energy efficient than the rest of the US,\" he said.While speaking on the necessity of taking initiatives, Schwarzenegger referred to his days of body building, much to the amusement of the audience. \"When I started, there were no weight rooms anywhere. But I was happy to find a weight room at this hotel when I woke up this morning. When body building can become a fad, why can't adopting sustainable means also become popular,\" he grinned.Schwarzenegger arrived in Delhi on Wednesday night and is scheduled to leave the capital early on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733876", "title": "PMPML training drivers for BRTS Training for BRT bus drivers begins", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) has started training sessions for its drivers who will be operating buses plying on the proposed BRT route between Nigdi and Dapodi. Bus stations on the BRT route will be located on the right side of the road, and buses which will ply on the route will have doors opening on the right as well as on the left side.Anant Waghmare, manager, BRT, PMPML said, \"The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has started constructing bus stations. Training is being provided for efficient halting of the bus exactly at the station.\"He added, \"The first phase of training is covering 300 drivers from the three depots in Pimpri-Chinchwad. This will last till February 11. In the next phase, another 700 drivers will be provided training.\"Waghmare said in the BRT system in Ahmedabad there are automatic sensors at the bus stations and on the doors of the buses. The doors open only when the sensors match each other. Such sensors are needed even in Pimpri-Chinchwad to avoid accidental opening of the bus shelter doors and that of the buses. Also lane separation is needed on the BRT like that in Ahmedabad, so that other vehicles do not enter the BRT bus lane and cause accident.\"The same buses will proceed to other destinations in Pune and other areas. Passengers will not be inconvenienced with break-journeys,\" he said.He said the PCMC has to take the decision as to when to begin the BRT bus services. The construction of the BRT routes in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad city have to be completed by December 2012 under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme as per the Union government directives, he said. The corporation has begun the construction of the bus stations along the BRT route. Senior officials in the engineering department of PCMC could not specify the period in which the BRT bus service will begin on the old Pune-Mumbai highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736501", "title": "Governor can't reject our choice, says CM", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP government, still adamant on its choice of Justice SR Bannurmath for the Lokayukta's post, said the governor has no right to reject the proposed name. JD(S) floor leader MC Nanaiah on Thursday sought to move an adjournment motion on the delay in the appointment. Replying to his initial submissions, CM DV Sadananda Gowda said: \"As per the Karnataka Lokayukta Act, the governor should appoint the person proposed by the government . It is mandatory. He cannot reject our proposal.\" Referring to the delay, the CM said it's not the first time that the post is vacant for a long duration (105 days). \"It was vacant for six months in 1996. The Upa Lokayukta's post has been vacant for several years in the past,\" he argued.Getting an FIR copy from Lokayukta police will become easier for those arbitrarily involved in the case. The cabinet on Thursday gave its consent to amend Section 9 of the Karnataka Lokayukta Act, enabling all persons concerned and departments to get a copy of the FIR when Lokayukta police begin a probe. As of now, only the person against whom a complaint is lodged is eligible for a copy of the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736366", "title": "One more held in serial blasts case", "text": "BANGALORE: One more accused in the 2008 Bangalore serial blasts has been taken into custody. Saleem, 30, is a close associate of Tadiyandavide Nasir and stayed in Kannur , Kerala. Nasir is the prime accused in the nine blasts that killed a woman and injured many in July 2008. He is also the South Indian commander of the Indian Mujahideen.Police said Saleem was intercepted by the Intelligence Bureau , who in turn tipped off Delhi police. \"A Bangalore court remanded him to police custody till February 6,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11733193", "title": "Koraput district jail a killing field for prisoners, says tribal outfit leader", "text": "KORAPUT: Jailed Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS) advisor Gananath Patra has alleged massive irregularities in Koraput district jail.Patra, who is in the jail as an undertrial prisoner since 2010 for his alleged involvement in a series of offensives executed by the Maoist-backed tribal outfit in the district, said at least 25 inmates have died in the jail in the past four years due to negligence of jail authorities.\"The inmates are supplied with poor quality rice at the jail. The cooked rice served to the inmates is not eatable. Unable to eat, most of the inmates throw the rice,\" Patra said during his appearance at a Jeypore court on Wednesday.According to the Sangh leader, though the jail authorities engage inmates in growing vegetables on the jail premises, the vegetables are never used in the food prepared for the inmates. \"Jail authorities earn handsomely by selling the vegetables grown in the jail but never cook it for the inmates. The inmates are served with inferior quality food,\" he said.Sources said, against a given strength of 657, over 700 inmates are housed in the jail at any given point in time. Partra alleged medical attention is not provided to the inmates living in overcrowded conditions.\"Timely medical attention is not provided to the inmates due to non-availability of doctors. Jail authorities always ignore ailing inmates till their condition becomes serious. They always shift inmates in serious condition to the district headquarters hospital where the patients rarely survive. Jail authorities always try to suppress the matter, citing the reason of the deaths as cardiac arrest,\" he said.Koraput jail superintendent Brahmananda Sahu, however, brushed off Patra's allegations, saying, \"The allegations brought by the Sangh leader are baseless. We receive the rice served to the inmates from the government and the menu prepared by the state government for the inmates is strictly followed in the jail.\" He added, \"As the regular doctor of the jail is on leave, another doctor has been appointed to look after the inmates' health.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11737801", "title": "MPBSE yet to start counselling for std X, XII students", "text": "BHOPAL: With less than a month to go for Class X and XII examinations, the MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) has yet to start its official pre-exam counselling helpline for students writing the board exams. Sources said the file is moving from the desk of one officer to another for the past one month thus delaying the start of service .In contrast, the Central Board of Secondary Education began helpline on February 1 to address the issue of exam-related anxieties among students and parents. In the past too, the board had been somewhat lax with the helpline. In 2010, the helpline service started from January 7. In that year, the response was good with the board receiving around 25,000 calls. A year later, the service had begun from February 15, giving hardly 12 days to students to take advantage of counselling. In that year, the number of calls had dropped to around 5,000. Board Office Public Relations Officer (PRO) SK Chourasia said, \"Generally, the helpline service begins around middle of February. The helpline service begins once the admit cards are distributed. The students then call up to ask about exam centres, timing and other such issues.\"As for delay in starting the service, he asked \"What is the use of starting a helpline early? Now, is the time for students to study rather than call counsellors. Ten or fifteen days are more than enough to address exam-related issues.\" Sohag Chakraborty, senior teacher, Government Kamla Nehru Girls' School said, \"Many times, children are shy to approach teachers for fear of a backlash. A helpline offers anonymity and is quite useful for introvert children. These children can clear their doubts effectively with the help of the helpline service.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "11735832", "title": "Hospitalized man alleges police brutality", "text": "BARNALA: A man, who reached Barnala civil hospital with problems of hearing loss and injuries on his left leg, has alleged that he was victim of police brutality. A resident of Bhadaur, the man was identified as Gurmail Singh. Talking to mediapersons from his hospital bed, he said, \"On Wednesday night, I and my friend Anish Kumar had gone to the Bhadaur police station. Cops asked Anish to sign some documents, but he left without doing so. That angered them and they beat me up mercilessly. After that, somebody took me to Bhadaur hospital. From there I was shifted to Barnala civil hospital where I started having problems hearing from my left ear. My leg was already injured.\"He added, \"Anish was facing some case, but I had none against me.\" Bhadaur SHO Buta Singh said none of his staff had beaten up anybody at the police station. \"I was not in police station when the two arrived. I am told that one of the men was accused in a case and they tried to flee on a motorcycle and the bike slipped near a sewerage construction site and one of them got hurt.\" He said he had received information from the hospital about Gurmail's case. \"I would make further investigations into this,\" he added.Barnala SSP Dhanpreet Kaur also said, \"As per my information, this man slipped from a motorcycle and got hurt. I will verify whether he was wanted in any case or not. If a policeman is found guilty of thrashing a man for no reason, stern action would be taken against him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "11735147", "title": "2 youth sight leopard, two cubs crossing Pernem road", "text": "KERI: Abhijit and Narayan Shetye encountered a rare, albeit unnerving sight at Purvan hamlet of Vazri village in Pernem taluka on Tuesday. Crossing the road at midnight, as the duo made their way home after their shift at the Pilerne industrial estate, was a leopard and her two cubs.Said Abhijit, \"The appearance of the leopard and her cubs scared us speechless. We rushed into the nearby farm for safety.\"Pernem range forest officer, Shrikrishna Prabhu, told TOI, \"On Wednesdy, a leopard attacked a cow at Pethechawada-Corgao and caused it a major leg injury. Incidents of leopards attacking cattle and humans are on the rise in this range.\" He added that forest guards and the round forester would be instructed to monitor the leopard's and cubs' movements.\"A leopard with cubs is aggressive as she is protective of her young. Chances of villagers being attacked are thus high. Locals should be cautious and should immediately inform forest officials of sightings,\" said Vithal Shelke, volunteer, Vivekanand Environment Awareness Brigade, Hankhane-Pernem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734056", "title": "CVC, CAG\u2019s moment under the sun", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court order cancelling 121 2G licences has brought responsibility, spotlight, relief and vindication to two autonomous institutions - CVC and CAG.While the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) would oversee investigations by the CBI, Enforcement Directorate, Income Tax and others into the 2G scam , the Comptroller and Auditor General of India is feeling vindicated.\"Keeping in view the nature of the case and involvement of a large number of influential persons, we feel that it will be appropriate to require the Central Vigilance Commissioner and the Senior Vigilance Commissioner appointed under Section 3(2) of the 2003 CVC Act to render assistance to the Court in effectively monitoring further investigation of the case,\" the bench of justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly said in their order on Thursday.CVC Pradeep Kumar in response said that he would study the judgment and respond appropriately. \"We will respect that judgment and CVC, as you know, has referred the matter to the CBI and we are glad that matter is progressing,\" he said.For CVC, this is not the first time that the apex court had called it in to exercise its superintendence over CBI, and oversee investigation by other agencies. In recent times, the DDA land allotment case involving Skipper Group and the HUDCO scam were both referred to the CVC for inquiry and report. When Mayawati's disproportionate assets case came up before it, the apex court had referred the CBI report to CVC for an independent opinion.Even as CVC prepares for its role to regularly monitor the investigations into the 2G scam, for officials in CAG it's time to rejoice for being vindicated. \"We have no doubt that if the method of auction had been adopted for grant of licence which could be the only rational transparent method for distribution of national wealth, the nation would have been enriched by many thousand crores,\"said the court-a remark which refuted the government's zero loss theory.\"We had faced enough questions in PAC ( Public Accounts Committee) and elsewhere about our motives. I think the Supreme Court judgment puts an end to all those doubts,\" one official involved in the audit said.He pointed out that there have been efforts to create impressions of zero loss and mischief on the part of CAG, but \"all that hasn't worked, our audit has been upheld by the court.\" Of most significance to the official was the fact that many ruling front leaders were rubbishing CAG findings, of a loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore, and claimed zero loss.\"When the political process (of PAC) was stalled it was the media and Supreme Court that have come to do their job. That is most gratifying,\" one official said.Another CAG official pointed out that it is a rare moment in Indian history. \"Because we keep pointing out losses in our audits, and there would be some marginal recoveries. But a recovery of losses to this extend sets a completely new standard,\" he said. The Supreme Court's order for retendering the licences is an act of recovery that was \"unique\" and sends out a strong warning to \"everyone around\", he said.\"The tax payers' money will come back to the government,\" another of the officials said. He also pointed out that in this case both the bribe taker (A Raja etc) and the bribe-giver (telecom companies) are being punished. \"That is very satisfying,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new elhi", "code": "11739202", "title": "SC admits Gujarat govt plea challenging Lokayukta appointment", "text": "NEW ELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday admitted an appeal filed by the Gujarat government challenging the state governor's decision to \"unilaterally\" appoint Justice (Retd) R A Mehta as the Lokayukta.A bench of justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar said it would examine the matter at length as vital question of constitutional law is involved.The bench said it will hear the matter at a stretch of three days from February 20.The Gujarat government has challenged the state high court order upholding the appointment of Justice Mehta as the Lokayukta on the ground that it was unconstitutional and done without its consent.The Gujarat high court had on January 18 upheld the appointment of Justice Mehta as the Lokayukta while sharply criticising chief minister Narendra Modi for his \"pranks\" that had sparked a \"constitutional mini crisis\".In the petition filed on January 19, the state government sought stay of the high court judgement and also of the August 25, 2011, order of governor Kamla Beniwal by which the warrant of appointment of Justice Mehta as Lokayukta was passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734965", "title": "Builder to pay Rs 7.5L for giving smaller flat", "text": "MUMBAI: Providing a flat that was smaller than the one promised has cost a Thane-based builder ten times the value for which it was sold in 1999. The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission recently ordered M/S Animesh Enterprises to pay Mangesh Ghadge a total of Rs 7.5 lakh for causing a deficit of 150 sq ft. Alternatively, the builder will have to provide 150 sq ft.On June 6, 2009, Ghadge and the builders entered into an agreement. The builder had agreed to sell the flat measuring 600 sq ft on the 3rd floor of the proposed building. The 222.4 sq m land at Lohar Lane, Thane, on which the construction was set to take place, belonged to Ghadge. The agreement also provided that the completed flat would be handed over on or before November 27, 2001.Ghadge was to be sold the flat at a discounted and concessional rate as he owned the land. He had to pay the builder a total of Rs 6 lakh. However, there was delay in execution of the project and he was instead given possession of a 450 sq ft flat in 2003. Ghadge then filed a complaint with the Thane District Forum in 2004.In March 2010, the forum passed an order and directed the builder to allot the deficit space or pay the market rate of the space, along with compensation. The builder then filed an appeal with the state commission. The builder alleged that there was delay in construction and completion of the project due to non-cooperation and misrepresentation on behalf of Ghadge. He further submitted that Ghadge had taken forceful possession of the flat. The builder contended that the area of the flat occupied is approximately 450 sq ft and there is a balcony.The state commission observed that it is clear that the builder had agreed to sell the flat admeasuring 600 sq ft against the services rendered for promotion and completion of the project undertaken by the builder. \"But there is no documentary evidence to establish that respondent (Ghadge) had entered upon or taken over forceful possession of the said flat,\" the commission said in the order. The commission held that the appeal was not tenable as there was a deficiency of 150 sq ft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734814", "title": "Two murdered over alleged illicit relationship", "text": "NAGPUR: Allegations of illicit relationship claimed the lives of two people in separate incidents in the city on Wednesday.In Sonegaon, a woman was axed to death by her husband who also stabbed his 10-year-old son and, in Sahyog Nagar at Jaripatka, a 27-year-old youth was found murdered in a garden. The murderers in the Jaripatka incident are still absconding while the Sonegaon police have arrested Vasant Bhalavi.After killing Khemvati with blows to her head and neck, Bhalavi, a security guard, covered her with a blanket. Since his son Khushal was a witness to the murder, Bhalavi hit him too on his head and then stabbed his cousin Ramsingh Iwnate when he tried to stop him.Khushal and Iwnate are recuperating at the Government Medical College and Hospital.Bhalavi, who hailed from Seoni, had come to settle in Nagpur three years ago. \"He also worked as a daily wager,\" police said.Police said that the murder took place after a heated argument between Bhalavi and his wife. Relatives said Khemvati accused Bhalavi of molesting his niece when she had been to their house around two months ago. Khemvati learnt about the incident only a couple of days ago she had been to Seoni. Bhalavi had allegedly molested the girl again when he had gone to drop her back.Bhalavi's neighbours locked him up before he could attack others, and then informed the Sonegaon police.In the other incident, Raju Meshram was found dead with more than 20 stab injuries in a garden at Sahyog Nagar on Thursday morning. Police said on Wednesday evening, Raju, a father of twins, left his Kapil Nagar residence for the market but did not return.When his wife Amrapali called him on his cell phone, she heard a girl screaming for a few seconds before the call was disconnected. Later, in the morning cops found Raju's bike and learnt about his body lying nearby.The cops have learnt that Raju was having an illicit relationship with a girl who is in her 20s. Jaripatka police suspect that the girl's relatives are behind the murder. They are questioning the girl and her mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11735991", "title": "Deceased prisoners to get a musical farewell", "text": "VADODARA: A handicapped singer from the city has proposed to hold prayer meetings at the Vadodara Central Jail for inmates who died there. The singer will also perform devotional songs at the prison in the future in case of demise of inmates.Sanat Pandya, 42, who belongs to Talala in Junagadh district but now settled in Vadodara, is a prominent name among the artist circles in the city. Pandya has been giving live performances since 20 years at various levels. He lost his legs at the age of four after being administered an injection when he was ill.Pandya said that he got motivated to do the prayer meets for deceased persons at the jail after he held a 'Sundarkand' programme there. \"I have proposed to hold a prayer meeting with devotional songs for all inmates who have died so far. In future, we can hold such meets for every person who dies at the jail,\" he said.Pandya has spoken to the additional director general of police (prisons) P C Thakur in this regard. Thakur said that he had asked Pandya to send a formal missive in this regard. \"These programmes help inculcate some good feelings among the inmates,\" he added.Besides the offer of providing free services to the prison, Pandya has in the past held free programmes for non-profit events in poor localities and even for mass weddings where poor people get married. \"I do this even when people approach me for devotional songs during 'besnas' of deceased members of poor families,\" he said.Pandya joined the Faculty of Performing Arts here in 1989 after being motivated by a person from his village. \"As a child I used to play the harmonium during 'bhajans' and 'aartis' at the temple in my village. Seeing this, a well-wisher asked me to join the faculty at Vadodara. As a student here, I supported myself by giving performances at small events,\" said Pandya who turned down a job offer in the Durban University in 1994 during a trip to hold programme in South Africa. \"I wanted to sing in my own country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11735144", "title": "Surf as you drive to the outback", "text": "BANGALORE: Soon, you will be able to send presentations to your office from your car, as you drive out of town. Green Field Expressways (GFE) is a new concept initiated by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MORTH), which has pitched for five new expressways, with Bangalore as the pivotal point of three.The first phase of this project, called the coordinated corridor of rural development (CORD) will cover Mangalore-Karwar-Panaji (400km). The second phase will take up Honnavar-Shimoga-Bangalore (325km), Chitradurga-Solapur (400km) and Bangalore-Mangalore (360km). The Bangalore-Coimbatore (402km) line will be taken up in the third phase.These expressways will be active carriers of wired and wireless broadband services, telemedicine counters, supply chain management, green power generation, water management models and transportation, and are being planned under the public private partnership (PPP) model of construction.The expressways could also be fitted with mini vertical windmills or solar fencing which can generate enough energy to meet the demand required to sustain the infrastructure and also pass on the excess to the grid. Every 50km, telemedicine kiosks will be set up to call doctors for free treatment, with medicines available at attached counters. Land will be acquired for the projects, but the plan is to provide alternative livelihood to the land owners.\"We could give the land owners a shop or compensation with which they can build a commercial complex or service counters or hotels around the expressways, instead of acquiring land from them by merely giving them money. The GFEs have scope for these. Instead of creating Project Affected Families, we can create Project Benefited Families by making them stakeholders in the development of corridors and expressways,\" said C Kandasamy, special secretary, MORTH.He also suggested that the GFEs should connect rural roads, state and national highways. \"In Japan, GFEs have gone through hills and oceans and between fourth and fifth floors of high rises. We can create townships and smaller cities around the bigger cities along the expressways. Some traveller facilities can be self-financing and others can charge for use along the CORD roads,\" he added.He also suggested that state governments can levy tourism and decongestion cess in GFEs which start from cities.The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) made it clear that toll will be collected on the road to BIA at Sadahalli, before the diversion to the airport, as the government is not funding the NHAI to develop the road. Those developing the road have to raise funds, for which they need to start collecting toll. \"It was part of the structure of the road planned three years ago, and our hands are tied,\" said an NHAI official from Bangalore. \"Commuters need to pay only while coming back from the airport. This will cost them nearly half (Rs 25),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11735939", "title": "6 students hurt during tourney clash", "text": "PANCHKULA: About six students were injured during Panchayati Raj sports tournament at Sports Complex, Sector 3, after a scuffle broke out among participants and hostel boys on Thursday. As the former alleged that the latter were allowed to participate in the contest without being registered, \"hostel boys thrashed them with swords and hockey sticks\". The injured were taken to General Hospital, Sector 6.A participant, Randhir Singh , said, \"Around 12.30pm, when a race competition was going on, some hostellers of the complex were allowed to participate without getting registered. When we resented and complained to the authorities, a few of them called their friends and about 24 of them thrashed us with swords and hockey sticks.\"The situation got under control after the police reached the spot. A case has been registered at Sector 5 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11737999", "title": "Elderly man robbed of cash, mobile phone", "text": "BHOPAL: An elderly man was robbed of around Rs 20,000 and a mobile phone near the Sindhi Colony under the limits of Hanumanganj police station here on Wednesday.Two unidentified youth looted Mohammad Ismail, 88, a ticket booking agent at the Halalpur Bus stand. The incident took place when Ismail was returning home. The police said two youths following Ismail snatched his bag having Rs 20,000 cash and a mobile phone and escaped. Subsequently, the victim informed the police who booked a case. A case under Section 392 of IPC has been registered against the unidentified accused. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11735543", "title": "Liquor shops to remain closed 48 hrs before polling day", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district administration has ordered for closure of all liquor shops in the district 48 hours before the polling day. This has been done for ensuring clean, impartial elections in a peaceful manner.In this connection, district magistrate Alok Kumar has ordered that all the shops selling countrymade liquor, foreign liquor, beer would be closed from 5 pm onwards on February 13 and would continue till 5 pm on February 15.As the polling in the district would be organized on February 15, the shops selling liquors would be closed from 5 pm on February 13. This wold be done 48 hours before the commencement of the elections.In addition to this, all the liquor shops would also be closed on March 6 on the date of counting of vote.Meanwhile, officers and the employees involved in the polling process were given training on EVM (Electronic Voting Machines ) at Bishop Johnson School and College on Thursday. These staff did not attend the training session which were earlier organized on January 30, 31 and February1.However, only 251 staff attended the training out of the total 985 staff which did not reported for the training session which was organized on January 30, 31 and February 1. The district administration has given stern warning to the employees who did not attend the EVM training.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734339", "title": "Cost efficiency drives Gujaratis towards energy-saving products", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Use of CFL and LED bulbs in households may generally be linked to increased awareness amongst citizens about environment-friendly and energy-efficient (EE) products. But a recent study points towards the fact that such usage may be closely linked with its cost-efficient quotient as well. The study also highlighted the fact that more than half the users of EE products are not happy with them due to various factors.City-based Vikram Sarabhai Centre for Development Interaction (VIKSAT) and Consumer Unity Trust Society (CUTS) International, a Jaipur-based NGO, conducted the study of demand side management of energy efficient products and renewable energy in states of West Bengal and Gujarat in 2011 and has recently come up with the results and analysis.Udai Mehta, assistant director, CUTS, told TOI that both the states were chosen for the study for a specific purpose. \"While Gujarat is a leading industrial state heavily dependent on energy sources, West Bengal is more dependant on farming and smaller industries. Gujarat has energy surplus whereas for Bengal, power cuts are reality of daily life,\" he said.He said Gujarat is in an ideal position to experiment with renewable energy sources such as wind power and solar power due to its vast deserts and longest coastline in the country. \"Unlike other states, the state can today experiment with such sources due to availability of conventional power,\" said Mehta.On Gujarat specific results, Ankur Baruah, project coordinator, VIKSAT, said that they were surprised to know the responses that most of the respondents in both rural and urban areas gave. \"We conducted the study mainly in central and northern districts with different energy consumption patterns. As per the survey, more than 92 per cent of the respondents knew about climate change and EE products. However, not many were willing to switch over to them,\" he said.Research showed that most of the respondents saw initial cost as the main deterrent. Another hindrance was performance of the product and after-sales service. The main problem area identified was solar products. However, on the positive side, people were ready to pay a bit more for EE products if it is widely available.\"The survey was conducted to gauge what steps need to be taken for a better tomorrow. The first thing that came to our notice was to create awareness about EE products and encourage government and non-government agencies to produce better and efficient EE products. Our next step is to engage such agencies in a dialogue. We might not need sources of renewable energy such as solar power and wind power today but tomorrow it would be very important,\" said Dilip Surkar, director, VIKSAT. He hoped policy makers would take note of the findings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11735646", "title": "Four-year-old fights a grim battle in Wenlock hospital", "text": "MANGALORE: Four-year-old Thanu with severe burns and an amputated leg is battling for life at the Regional Advanced Paediatric Care Centre (RAPCC) of the Government Wenlock Hospital here.Thanu from Attigundi village in Chikmagalur is fighting burns sustained in a brawl between his inebriated step-father, Nagaraj, and mother Chandramma, who was killed in the brawl on January 17. His 10-year-old brother, Shashi Kumar, sits beside his Thanu unaware of the gravity of his brother's condition.\"My father used to beat up my mother regularly,\" recalls Shashi. Chandramma married Nagaraj four years ago. \"I was staying at my grandparents' house nearby. On January 17, I heard my mother and step-father quarrel around 9.15 pm. My grandparents and neighbours rushed to resolve the issue when they heard raised voices. My step-father started assaulting my mother again at about 10 pm. She took my brother and tried to flee. But she tripped over a live wire and was electrocuted. My brother was seriously injured. I do not know where my Appaji is now,\" Shashi said recollecting the string of events on the fateful day.Malandur police said they have registered a case against Nagaraj and Rudresh, a coffee estate manager, based on Shashi's complaint. Shashi's parents were working in the estate. Rudresh has been arrested for laying live wires on the estate fence to prevent theft. However, Nagaraj is absconding, police said.Nurses and doctors at RAPCC are taking care of both the children with the help of the Child Welfare Committee as no relatives have come forward to help them. They were admitted to the hospital here on January 22 for advanced treatment.CWC chairperson Asha Nayak said the children will be taken care of until relatives come forward to take care of them.\"We have made all arrangements to provide them with the best treatment. Both children need counseling, and once they are medically fit, they will be shifted to an institution and arrangements will also be made for their education, if no one comes to take them home,\" she said. Surgeon Dr Kishan Shetty said that Thanu's left leg had to be amputated as it had got infected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11739833", "title": "Now, fluorescent indicators in state-run buses", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time ever, the state-run buses will be sporting fluorescent font indicators mentioning the destination and the bus numbers. This will enable passengers to see the route number and destination clearly in the dark.The installation of the new indicators is being outsourced through a private agency, which is already in the process of introducing them in 5,200 MSRTC buses this week. By April, the corporation plans to introduce the brand new fluorescent indicators in all its 17,000 buses across Maharashtra.Said an official, \"It is an unique experiment by us and the first of its kind in the state. The other bus corporations, specially those which ply within the cities/towns, may follow suit.\" Some of the civic-body run buses, like the BEST in Mumbai and the NMMT in Navi Mumbai, have switched to the electronic display boards which allows clear visibility in the night.\"However, we are just using the fluorescent colour, which is low cost and effective,'' said a MSRTC official. He further stated that there were complaints from several passengers across the state that the indicators were not visible during the night. \"Either passengers missed their bus or they jumped into a wrong bus. This will not happen anymore,'' he assured.The MSRTC has also introduced the new smartcards for passengers. This will replace the paper passes and one just needs to place the card in front of an electronic machine held by the conductor while travelling. The smartcards launch function took place before the Election Code of Conduct was announced and it is now being implemented, an official stated.The cards are available as 4 or 7 day passes under the 'Avdel Tethe Pravas' (Travel Wherever You Like)scheme. Later on, the Smart Cards will be used for students, monthly, tri-monthly and other passes of various schemes of MSRTC. The smart card work on Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology and passengers will be charged Rs 25 per card.Every conductor on a ST bus has an Electronic Ticket Issuing Machine, which generates e-tickets and scans cards within seconds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11734715", "title": "Dahake defends use of English", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Noted litterateur and president of the 85th Akhil Bharatiya Marathi Sahitya Sammelan Vasant Dahake has defended the increasing use of English language, saying that it has become all the more necessary in the changed global scenario.Addressing mediapersons at the Press Club here on Wednesday, Dahake said that \"One should refrain from spreading the myth that English was distracting the Marathi people\".The ensuing polls to civic bodies found an echo during the press meet when Dahake was touched upon the elections to the post of the president of Marathi Sahitya Sammelan. Dahake said that why should the literary field be kept out when elections are held at every level. \"Ours is a democratic country and those elected with majority get the honours. The post offered without consensus lacks enthusiasm on many occasions and hence it is better to hold elections,\" he said.Dahake lamented that but for a few writers the quality of literary work had gone down. Writers of the new era have a wide range of subjects and ample opportunities to prove themselves. However, they have failed to present the various issues effectively, he remarked.He flayed the rising incidents of attacks on scribes. However, journalists should gather details of the issue before writing so that they could present a true picture before the readers, he said and supported a law for their protection. He also lamented poor reviews of books published in newspapers.Earlier, president of Chadrapur-Gadchiroli Working Journalists Union Bal Hungund felicitated Dahake by presenting him a shawl and a coconut. Dahake was accompanied by wife Prabha Ganorkar-Dahake.The sahitya sammelan will be held at Rajiv Gandhi College of Engineering and Research here between February 3 and 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738835", "title": "Priyamani is miffed", "text": "Post a CCL after-party, Priyamani has allegedly tweeted and put up a BBM status expressing her hatred for a star-player from the Mumbai Heroes team!The post read on the lines of how she hates a certain \"S _ _ _ _ n of Mumbai Heroes (sic)\". On digging deep, we find out that it is Sachiin Joshi. According to the source, \"Apart from the star players, the brand ambassadors, cricketer Sreesanth and others attended the bash, which went on till 4 am. Priyamani was about to leave the party after catching up with Sreesanth. That's when Sachiin tried getting 'pally' with Priyamani.\"Sachiin was allegedly inebriated and tried to hug her. \"Thankfully, Sreesanth stepped in and distracted Sachiin by taking him to the bar. Priyamani, who was fuming by then, stormed off,\" said the source. The actressapparently removed the status later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11735205", "title": "IAS officers sent to CID custody", "text": "KOLKATA: The city metropolitan magistrate on Thursday remanded two IAS officers - arrested in connection with the iron ore scam - to CID custody till February 4. The investigating agency has claimed that the duo, one of them still in service, have been booked in two different cases. While one case was registered in 2007, other one was initiated in July last year.The magistrate granted bail in the 2007 case but ordered to put them in CID custody in the second case.According to the CID, the IAS officers - Debadiyta Chakraborty and R M Jamir - had served as the managing director of West Bengal Essential Commodities Services Corporation (WBECSC) and during their tenure the corporation lost more than RS 300 crore by exporting iron ore to some Chinese firms in between 2004 and 2005. The corporation had been entrusted to export iron ore in a joint venture with private exporters.The department in an audit spotted financial irregularities and lodged a complaint against Bharat Inmate - one of the e xporter working with WBECSC. Probe revealed that the consignment was returned by the importer for being \"below\" quality. But a further probe disclosed that the consignment was sold for a lower price in connivance with some officials of the corporation and the owners of the exporters.CID officers said among several consignments, one was sent by Sea Quest Shipping Pvt Ltd, a Singapore-based waterline. Police said the corporation rented the company to carry 40,000 tonne iron ore at an inflated rate. Also, the shipping company was hired without a global tender. By then, the international rate of carrying charge was $23 per tonne of iron ore. But surprisingly, company charged $26 per tonne. More over, the corporation paid five installments as an advance to the shipping company but the ship never reached to the destination. For their advance payment, the corporation had to pay a huge amount as interest.The investigators also pointed out irregularities in payments. CID officers have now asked all the private exporters to furnish details of their consignments and even asked the shipping company to provide details of their shipment. Investigators have reasons to believe that most of the consignments never reached the destination and were detoured to other places to sell in lower price. The CID officers hinted that another bureaucrat's role, along with Chakraborty and Jamir, is also under scanner. \"The third officer was at a top position of food and supply department and WBECSC was under his direct control at that time,\" said a CID officer. The investigators also hinted that some political personalities, who were then in charge of the food and supply department, had played a crucial role behind the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11735577", "title": "The day she wed her camera", "text": "DUGRI: For Kamaljeet Kaur, 2012 would be an unforgettable year as her interest took a professional leap with its beginning. The Dugri resident has been fiddling with lenses for last five years but she took up a wedding assignment only when she felt she was ready to justify the occasion with her art.\"It had been my desire since childhood to become a professional photographer and this wedding was a great exposure for me,'' says Kamaljeet, 38. The curiosity toward art has been innate in her, believes Kamaljeet, as before picking up a camera, she used to practice calligraphy and painting.To enhance her skills with the lenses, Kamaljeet recently got herself a Canon D7000 and three lenses. After a successful stint with calligraphy, she now wishes to be known as an ace photographer and is dedicated to work towards her goal.It's generally still photography, kids' innocence and wedding atmosphere which excites the photographer in Kamaljeet. \"But, I don't miss the chance of clicking whenever I come across an appealing face,'' she says.Having learned the basic skills of playing with a camera from city photographer Rakesh Syal, Kamaljeet constantly improvizes her talent with experimental practice and by studying online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11735854", "title": "Railways also ensures trains are on time", "text": "VARANASI: Keeping in mind the heavy passenger load during election period, the Railways are also strengthening transportation services by ensuring regular and punctual movement of trains.As the winter season has receded, the Railway authorities can now run the trains on time without the threat of dense fog. The NER (Varanasi division) also witnessed the start of Sitamarhi-New Delhi Lichchavi Express on Thursday.As per NER (Varanasi) spokesperson, the Lichchavi Express passed through the division after remaining cancelled for more than one-and-a-half months. Similarly, timely movement of other north-bound trains, including Chauri-Chaura Express, and passenger trains also provided respite to passengers who thronged the Cantonment and other stations of the city.It may be mentioned here that a total of 25 pairs of trains run daily under NER (Varanasi) division. The Cantonment railway station is one of the busiest railway stations in east UP region as it witnesses passing of over 100 trains (including goods trains) daily.According to RK Pandey, station manager, Cantt, the load of passengers not only increase during elections but the upcoming Holi festivity is also promising to add to the passenger load. It is relieving that the weather conditions are improving and the number of delayed trains has dropped to provide respite to passengers.Meanwhile, eyeing on maintaining regularity and punctuality of trains, the NER (Varanasi) has arrested a total of 86 people in the month of January for unauthorised alarm chain pulling. As per reports, most of the arrests have been made in Ballia, Deoria, Mau, Captanganj, Chapra and Siwan routes to ensure running of passenger and express trains on time under the division. Also, the completion of coversion of meter gauge into broad gauge for the 1202 kilometer-long route under the division is also promising fast services during the election time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734615", "title": "Finally, Congress first list out with 83 names", "text": "NAGPUR: After much huffing and puffing, the Congress has finally come out with its first list of 83 candidates for the February 16 NMC polls. Only twelve sitting Congress corporators, of which one is nominated, figure in the list. There are some prominent ex-corporators, wives of two sitting members and two independents figure in the list.All prominent aspirants from AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar's camp have been accommodated. But till late in the evening, a tussle was on for seats in North Nagpur assembly segment, consequently the list from here has been put on hold. Most candidates in the other five assembly segments have been announced.There were dozens of new faces. But essentially party loyalists had their say, and kith and kin of established political parties did make their presence felt.Till late in the night local Congress leaders led by Muttemwar were closeted in a meeting at chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's residence sorting out the remaining seats, mainly in North Nagpur and some in Central Nagpur. The tussle in that segment got worse with the entry of Lokmanch as an ally.Lokmanch has been given nine seats, of which five are in North Nagpur as it has already been given four in the other five segments in the first list.Prominent Muttemwar supporter and mayoral candidate Vikas Thakre got the ticket from Takli Sim (Prabhag 71A) and so did Sujata Kombade (49B). Ex-chairperson of standing committee Abha Pande will contest Maskasath (31B) while former chairman of standing committee Tanaji Vanve's wife Malutai was chosen from Hasanbagh.Prashant Dhawad, who was a nominated member last time, got ticket from Nehru Nagar, a seat that NCP was eyeing. Loyalists like Deepak Kapse and wives of sitting corporators Rajesh Jargar and Manoj Sable have also been given tickets.A surprise choice was Naina Sanjay Zade from Ayodhyanagar. Last month, she had been in the news when her eight-year-old son Virat died under a school bus just outside their Awasthi Nagar residence.Expectedly, Raman Paigwar, who crossed to the Congress from with BJP-led ruling alliance, and launched a campaign against alleged irregularities in Starbus contract, was rewarded with a Congress ticket from Bhandewadi seat. Emerging youth leader from south-west Nagpur Praful Gudadhe got the ticket from Airport ward. Yogesh Tiwari, a follower of Narayan Rane , got a ticket from Medical ward in south Nagpur.Among the many sitting corporators denied tickets were Satish Hole, Narayan Bobde, Shewanta Telang, Anil Waghmare, Kusum Ghate and Satish Deulkar and nominated corporator Yashwant Kumbhalkar.Some corporators who had joined Congress or were Congress supported independents in the outgoing body have also been denied tickets. They are Majid Shola (BJP), Kamlesh Choudhari and Madhukar Kamble. On the other hand, independents Kulleshwari Gillor and Arun Dawre got party nominations.When the first list was announced it was not clear how many seats Congress had given to Dalit parties headed by Jogendra Kawade, Prakash Ambedkar and Sulekha Kumbhare. These parties are demanding seats from North Nagpur, where Congress is already facing a problem. The party has 107 seats left after giving 29 to NCP and nine to Lokmanch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11736092", "title": "Info commissioner's half-baked order puzzles questioner", "text": "PATIALA: Right to Information Act may have been hailed as one of the most important tools of empowering citizens, but an eight-line order of Punjab state information commissioner P P S Gill puts that promise of the legislation under question.The order dated October 18, 2011, which directs Ludhiana district revenue officer Inderpreet Kahlon to provide information within two days, states in the next paragraph that as \"information stands supplied, the case is disposed of and closed.\"However, Sangrur-based Mandeep Singh , the applicant in this case, has not received a reply till now. \"I was shocked to see the order. It's strange and very casual. I haven't got the information yet,\" said Mandeep.He had sought data about red-card holders of Ludhiana. \"I have decided to knock the doors of Central Information Commission,\" added the applicant.Even securing the self-contradicting order took him seven months and he had to visit Ludhiana and Chandigarh many times.Applicant had filed his application for information with DRO in March 21, 2011. After receiving incomplete information from DRO, he complained to the commission and got the order on October 18, 2011.Ludhiana DRO Parmjit Singh said he would be able to comment only after checking details of the case as he had joined a few days back. Kahlon, now posted as DRO at Fatehgarh sahib claimed he was ignorant about all this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11739261", "title": "Respite from cold wave in Punjab, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: People today got respite from cold in Punjab and Haryana with mercury rising by a few notches above normal in the region amid cloudy weather conditions.Narnaul recorded the lowest temperature in the region at 5.5 degrees Celsius.The minimum temperature in Patiala touched the double digit mark at 10.1 degrees Celsius, three degrees above normal, the MeT office said here today.Ludhiana and Amritsar in Punjab had a low of 9.1 degrees Celsius and 7 degrees Celsius, increasing by two notches above normal each.Jalandhar had a low of 8.6 degrees Celsius, which was 3.4 degrees Celsius more than yesterday.Chandigarh recorded minimum temperature of 9.2 degrees Celsius, up by two notches.Hisar in Haryana had a low of 9.7 degrees Celsius, going up by three degrees, while mercury in Karnal and Rohtak settled at 7.9 degrees Celsius and 8.3 degrees Celsius respectively.Ambala's minimum was 8.8 degrees Celsius which was up by two degrees above normal. The MeT Department in its forecast has predicted light rains or thundershowers at a few places in both the states in next two days though mist may occur in morning and evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734409", "title": "Change the mindset of cops: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Before we changed the mindset of people, we must change that of the police\", said the Bombay High Court on Thursday while hearing a petition alleging police inaction in tracing a director of Aryarup Tourism and Club Resorts, which has cheated investors in a quick returns scheme.The observation from a division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode followed public prosecutor Pandurang Pol's remark that during the hearings of scams like Citi Limouzine and Speak Asia, it had been suggested that the police must create public awareness programmes.The investors' advocate Nisrin Shinde said the police, including the Economic Offences Wing in Mumbai and Pune, were being negligent in handling the case. She said the directors, including Ravindra Deshmukh, as well as the core team members of the company were shown as absconding. \"Deshmukh is the mastermind of this multi-level scam,\" said Shinde.To this, the judges said it was \"inconceivable\" that the police could not find Deshmukh. \"The Mumbai police had good reputation. They were considered next to Scotland Yard . What has happened? Are you controlled by all these people? You can't trace one man? If you want, you can trace anyone from anywhere,\" said Justice Kanade.Adjourning the matter, the judges have directed the police to submit a detailed report of the steps it has taken to trace Deshmukh and investigate the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11735764", "title": "Explorer adopts 3 villages for hyacinth removal", "text": "AMRITSAR: Dr Ernest Albert, explorer and commentator with National Geographic channel , has adopted three choked ponds, where marine life has almost been destroyed, due to growth of water hyacinth, which is considered a worrisome aquatic weed.With limited resources and strong determination, Albert had got iron prongs made to remove the weed out of chocked ponds. Talking to TOI on Thursday, he said he had adopted three ponds spread over an area of 2 to 5 acres in Valla, Nangli and Nag Kalan villages.\"The marine life and aquifers of these ponds have been totally destroyed due to unchecked growth of hyacinth,\" said Albert.Due to the hyacinth, buffalos and cows of these villages couldn't take bath in ponds in summers, which had resulted in decline of milk production -- a main source of income for villagers, he said.Regular bathing of buffalos and cows keeps them cool in summers, which helps increase milk yield, said Mithun Kumar, an associate of Albert.He said they had roped in local residents and village sapranch to remove hyacinth from the ponds. \"In the last three days alone, we have removed over one tonne hyacinth from a single pond,\" said Kumar.Sarpanch of village Nangli, Talwinder Singh, said they have already provided land where hyacinth could be dumped and also two trolleys for carrying hyacinth from pond to the dumping site.\"Fishing was the only source of income for about a dozen families living around the ponds. After chocking of the ponds, they had lost their only source of income, making some of their children even take to drugs. Once the ponds are cleared, they will get back their lost source of income,\" said Albert.Albert and his team move around the village asking people to donate flour, cereals, vegetables, etc., so as to cook langar in village gurdwara for people working to clear hyacinth. \"There is a plan to produce methane out of hyacinth which can be supplied to local gurdwara for cooking of langar or may be to a few more houses,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11735301", "title": "Coins, currency expo in city from today", "text": "SURAT: The diamond city will host an exhibition of unique and rare coins and currency depicting the history of Indian currency and economy. The exhibition will be held from February 3 to 5 at Krishimangal Hall.The exhibition will showcase 2,600 years old (600 BC) coins known as bent bar coins to the latest Rs 1000 currency notes. The exhibition will also see the release of the revised edition of standard reference guide to Indian Paper Money of Kishor Jhunjhunwala.On display will be bent bar coins made of 12 to 15 grams of silver. Those coins were bent from both the sides and had designs of flowers at the end. Bandar Mubarak coins released from Surat during the time of Aurangzeb the first, will also be on display. Bandar Mubarak was very important at that time because Muslims could travel to Haj from only Surat port at that time.After the death of Aurangzeb, local rulers of different states started bringing out their own coins and after British took over paper currency came in existence from 1856 .Special among the paper currency of that time is a Rs 2.5 note which was brought out as the value of the dollar at time was Rs 2.5. And, when the Britishers were in India currency notes of around Rs 10,000 were in existence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11736551", "title": "Dak adalat to settle postal dept complaints", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The department of post will host dak adalat for settlement of complaints relating to postal services and pension at 3 pm on February 22 at the office of the chief postmaster general at Khanpur in Ahmedabad. The chief post master general will hear each complainant individually. The idea of the event is to give settlement to problems of the customers of postal departments on the spot. The department of posts has announced that the complainants should sent their complaints to V K Darji, assistant director in the office of chief postmaster generalin Gujarat circle. The complaints should reach the address on or before February 10.The department of post has also announced that the e-Post booking service which has been available at present at 483 post offices in the state will be extended to 1,200 post offices by February end this year. EPosts function like telegram of fax. The letters which are sent in regional languages or in English are printed out at the recipients' post office, enveloped and delivered by postmen to the assigned addresses. Post offices are also providing pick up services for speed post. Residents can call their local post office to ask postmen to pick up their speed posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734080", "title": "When Botsa, LV escaped in Vashista Wahan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Will the slew of cases being probed by the CBI end up like the Volkswagen case, in which top politicians and bureaucrats alleged to have been involved in the scam walked away scot free?The Volkswagen scam broke out in July 2005 when Botsa Satyanarayana was the industries minister in the Y S Rajasekhara Reddy government and IAS officer L V Subramanyam was the MD of AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC). Subramanyam is presently executive officer (EO) of TTD and his name has figured in the chargesheet in the Emaar scam case filed by the CBI in the court on Wednesday.The scam was that Helmuth Schuster, then Indian representative of M/s Volkswagen AG, Germany, conspired with several people that included private individuals and AP government representatives, and floated an outfit called Vashista Wahan (the first letters of the two words echo of Volks Wagen) with a New Delhi address.Claiming the company to be an arm of Volkswagen, Vashista Wahan entered into an accord with the state government to set up a Volkswagen car manufacturing plant in Visakhapatnam. Subsequently, the AP government deposited Rs 11.68 crore into the bank account of Vashista Wahan as the equity contribution of APIIC towards the car project.Within no time, both the players and the deposited money disappeared and the opposition smelt a scam and demanded the head of industries minister Botsa Satyanarayana and the APIIC officials who caused a loss of Rs 11 crore to the state government. The CBI was then handed over the case.A full five years after the Volkswagen scam broke out, the CBI filed its chargesheet in the case on September 25, 2010. There was no mention of Botsa, who was shifted out of the industries portfolio by YSR, or L V Subramanyam. The chargesheet named Schuster and five Indians, Ashok Kumar Jain and B K Chaturvedi of New Delhi, Jagadish Alaga Raja and Gayatri Chandravadanan of Chennai and Joseph V George of Bangalore.CBI investigations found out that the Rs 11.68 crore that was deposited in the account of Vashista Wahan was siphoned off minutes after it was deposited. Out of that, an amount of Rs 5 crore was transferred into the account of Joseph V George of Bangalore. The CBI then confiscated Rs 5 crore from Joseph and deposited the money in a local court.But till date, the CBI has not made much headway in the Volkswagen case. Schuster has been evading the Indian cops for the last seven years. A German national, Schuster was arrested in 2010 by the Italian police in Rome and jailed for some offences. On learning that, a CBI team rushed to Rome but could not secure Schuster's custody till date though India and Italy have an extradition treaty.With the other accused in the case seeking an early closure, the CBI has now decided to split the Volswagen case into two, with one dealing exclusively against Schuster and the other with the remaining accused. This way, even if the CBI does not make progress with Schuster's arrest, the other accused in the case can expect some progress and closure. But with the CBI having its hands full with the illegal mining, Jagan assets, Emaar and Satyam cases already, it might well be an endless wait for the accused in the Volkswagen scam to secure a finality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11739171", "title": "Centre readies plan to check 'offending' schools", "text": "MUMBAI: School education in India has undergone a tremendous transformation. But the one aspect where change is felt the most has been in the fact that paying for school now occupies a thick slice in the family budget pie, something that earlier went blissfully unnoticed.The soaring fees, the rise of private schools, the manner in which school admission processes are designed, the overt demand made for donations, the campus advertisements that lure parents, and the overarching truth that education has been reduced to a business for many, has forced the government to design an act to check and punish unfair practices in the trade called school education.So a school will invite action for discriminating against children on the basis of religion, caste, creed or gender, or forcing children to speak in English and neglecting the mother tongue or resorting to corporal punishment, or pressurising kids with heavy curriculum load of a higher class.The Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE), which met in the national capital last week, has finalised its decision to draft The Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Elementary, Secondary and Senior Secondary Schools Bill, which will keep a vigil on the manner in which schools function.BLACK MARKS GALOREDemanding donations for a seatOvercharging for school prospectus and other admission-related materialSchool teachers taking private tuitionNot refunding feesNot sticking to the syllabiEngaging untrained teachersschools may be fined up to 50 lakhThe CABE has decided to prepare legislation to keep a check on schools. The legislation would provide for criminal prosecution and civil penalties and state education tribunals will be set up to monitor the adherence of the provisions of this act.Schooling was mostly gratis, a service largely provided by the government; but today it wont be wrong to say that the private sector has shown an increasing interest in this space. Close to 40% of Indian schools are private institutes; some aided, most unaided. The idea is not to police schools, said a CABE member. The inherent rationale of the legislation would be to promote transparency through mandatory disclosure in the prospectus and the website, and provide adequate and accessible recourse for remedial action arising out of non-adherence of self-disclosed details and norms, said the CABE note.The proposal provides for imposition of monetary penalties of up to Rs 50 lakh for violation of provisions of various clauses that are declared. Offences are proposed to be tried by a court not below that of a metropolitan magistrate or a judicial magistrate first class. All offences, except those concerning the demand of capitation fee, are proposed to be made non-cognisable offences, read the CABE note.Common OffencesNon-disclosure of seats availableAllowing the sale of gutka, tobacco and junk food inside or around the school campusAdmission through non-transparent meansLevel of education services not matching with what is promised or disclosed in the brochurePlacing misleading advertisements in the mediaMisleading advertisements that exaggerate the performance of students in examinationsUnderpaying staffWithholding the certificates or documents of students who wish to join another school", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11734913", "title": "Deputy collector's son held for chain snatching", "text": "PATNA: With the arrest of three youngsters, including son of a deputy collector-rank official, from the state capital, police on Thursday claimed to have busted a gang engaged in snatching cellphones, gold chains and cash from people in the city.Acting on a tip-off, police laid a trap in Kadamkuan locality and arrested the trio moving on a motorcycle. City SP Kim said the arrested youngsters were identified as Rishikesh Ojha (Saidpur), Kaushal Anand (Rampur Road, Bahadurpur) and Abhay Parashar (Mahendru). They admitted they were involved in over 20 cases of snatching, most of which went unreported.\"They also admitted they used to rob passengers coming out of Patna Junction in the wee hours,\" the SP said. According to her, Kaushal's father is a deputy collector posted at Darbhanga.Police sources said the bike seized from them belonged to their gang leader Navneet, a native of Gaya.Raids are on to arrest the other members of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11738652", "title": "Parents blamed for increase in suicide cases", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: If the annual suicide rate of students is 5 to 6 per cent, the Steel City is four times ahead of the national average: 21.48 per cent. Moreover, the figures of suicide for 2011 suggest that more girls tend to end their lives than boys.According, to the figures available with Jeevan, a nongovernment suicide prevention centre, out of the 39 students who committed suicide last year, 25 were girls.Mahavir Ram, a former NIT-Adityapur faculty, who runs the centre, said 40 per cent of the girls have ended their lives abruptly because of poor performance in board examination and 30 per cent because of family unrest. Nearly 15 per cent of the girls have committed suicide because of heartbreak or mental or psychological illness.\"The cause behind the high suicide rate was ascertained in the study carried out by our team late last year,\" said Ram, who held parents responsible.\"Students are in a formative stage and need the support of family during this crucial period. In most cases, students end their lives fearing reprimand from parents,\" said Sanjay Agarwal, head, psychiatric department, Tata Main Hospital. A noted city-based psychiatric, A N Mishra, said high expectations from children is one of the major causes behind the alarming suicide rates. \"Until and unless parents take time out for their wards and help assist them in their formative years I am afraid things will not improve,\" said Mishra.\"Along with physical growth hormonal changes take place in teenagers and this period is very crucial in terms of relationships. Parents need to connect with their wards with utmost care to prevent them from resorting to impulsive acts on unimportant issues,\" said Agarwal. When approached, Subodh Kumar, sub-divisional officer, Dhalbhum, said, \"We are very concerned but the administration has its limitations. However, we are keen to join hands with people who are trying to create awareness.\"On Wednesday, a Standard X student of Loyola School, Shefali Chaya, committed suicide at her Kadma residence apparently owing to poor preboard examination results. According to Jeevan, 206 people committed suicide here in 2011. This was an increase by six cases from the figures of 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734867", "title": "SC ruling now turns focus on dual tech licences, hoarding", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court judgement cancelling 2G licences issued in 2008 puts focus on the other two major illegalities pointed out by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India in its audit report: That of the 35 dual technology licences and the hoarding of spectrum.The Supreme Court's judgement only says that the licences granted \"to the private respondents on or after 10.1.2008 pursuant to two press releases issued on 10.1.2008 and subsequent allocation of spectrum to the licensees are declared illegal and are quashed.\"The dual technology licences were issued in 2007.The loss of Rs 176,645 crore, estimated by CAG based on 3G auction rates, was arrived at following losses suffered due to the illegality in three different areas. They were the 122 2G licences and spectrum allocated in 2008, the 35 licences given under Dual Technology regime in 2007, and the hoarding of spectrum beyond 6.2 MHz by several telecom companies.The CAG estimated that the new 122 licences resulted in a \"potential loss to exchequer\" of Rs 102,498 crore. It said the 35 licences issued to dual technology users such as Reliance Communications has caused a loss of Rs 37,154 crore. Besides, the spectrum beyond contracted quantity of 6.2 MHz that is hoarded by some telecom firms had caused a loss of Rs 36,993 crore.The dual technology licences, under which those companies that were already operating CDMA mobile telephony were allowed to obtain GSM licences and spectrum, was implemented without any revision to the entry fee, the CAG had pointed out.\"The process followed by the DoT while introducing access to the dual technology to the existing telecom operators in India lacked transparency and fairness. Equal opportunity was denied to other similarly placed operators who could apply for use of dual technology, only after the formal announcement of the policy,\" the CAG said in its audit.The CAG had said, \"Reliance Communication Ltd. had complied with the requirements for permission to use dual technology on 19 October 2007 itself by depositing the non refundable entry fee of Rs 1,645 crore for 20 service areas through their sister concern Reliance Infocomm Ltd. Acceptance of bank drafts for Rs 1, 645 crore by the orders of Reliance Infocomm Ltd (third party) on behalf of Reliance Communications Ltd was also not in order and shows the hurry through which entry fee was deposited. As a result, Reliance Communications Ltd. could acquire the right for allocation of 2G spectrum in 20 service areas on the day the policy itself was announced.\" It later withdrew application for six areas.Four companies - Reliance Communications, Tata Teleservices, Shyam Telelink and HFCL Infotel - were providing CDMA-based mobile service in India. Based on a TRAI recommendation, Department of Telecom decided on October 17, 2007, to permit dual technology regime. The CAG however pointed out that this decision was taken without referring the matter to the full Telecom Commission though it involved in giving out GSM at migration rates fixed in 2001.The CAG had also estimated a loss of Rs 36,993 crore to the exchequer because of extra spectrum illegally hoarded by various telecom companies. These companies were Aircel, Bharti , BPL , BSNL , Idea, MTNL , Reliance, Spice and Vodafone.There is still no clarity about any legal step being taken on these two fronts to recover the losses to the exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11735143", "title": "Homemakers wail at soaring veggie prices", "text": "BANGALORE: Homemaker and resident of Vasanthnagar Geetha Kumar is clueless about how to cope with soaring veggie prices. She's quite health-conscious but now is having to prepare nutritious meals without them leaving a deep hole in her pocket.\"The whole idea of using vegetables to add to nutrition has gone for a toss. The price of carrots and ladies finger has doubled during the past two weeks. Except tomato, nothing costs less than Rs 30 per kg. I was shocked to find that half a kg of ladies finger was Rs 25. Cauliflower cost me Rs 30,\" said Geetha.Prices at vegetable markets across the city are on a high for over 10 days now. Prices of most vegetables like ladies finger, bitter gourd, cabbage and beetroot have gone up by 40%-50%.Traders are blaming the increase on the cold wave. \"The price hike is because of the dip in temperature. Due to winter, local vegetable growers have not harvested much and therefore vegetables are being brought from Tamil Nadu,\" said RV Gopi, president, Vegetable and Fruits Wholesale Merchant Association, Bangalore.The rates are high at Hopcoms outlets too across the city. \"The soaring prices are nothing unusual. Long nights and short days, which are normal winter, have marred the growing of vegetables. Prices will dip as soon as the temperature rises,\" said Shanmukhappa Suragihally, managing director, Hopcoms, Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11734997", "title": "Govt to seek farmers' views on agri road map", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar and his agriculture cabinet, which prepared draft second Agri Road Map for Development for five years (2012-2017), will seek suggestions of 2,000 farmers from all blocks of the state at the Kisan Samagam (congregation of farmers) to be held here on Saturday to give a final shape to the road map.Copies of draft of the agri road map has been sent to the 2,000 farmers, two each from every block, selected by the district agriculture officers (DAOs), Krishi Vigyan Kendras, Women Development Corporation, Jivika, Compfed and the department of animal husbandry and fishery resources.The agri cabinet, comprising 14 government departments, held four meetings before preparing the road map for the next five financial years starting April 1, 2012, and 10 years vision (2012-2022) for agriculture development and allied economic activities in the rural sector, said agriculture minister Narendra Singh. Care has been taken to ensure participation of farmers engaged in growing all crops and those engaged in value addition of agriculture produce, fruits and vegetables through agri industries. The successful farmers whom the CM had met during his Vikas and Seva Yatras would also attend the Samagam.Agriculture production commissioner A K Sinha, who is also the development commissioner, said the farmers attended district-level meetings to discuss the various agri schemes and objectives planned in the agri road map before they draft their own suggestions to be presented at the Samagam. The farmers would arrive in Patna on Friday.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , all the ministers and officials of the 14 government departments and CM's agriculture adviser Mangla Rai and chief secretary Naveen Kumar would also be present at the Samagam which would be presided by Singh.The second agri road map will include irrigation as an important subject to put an end to farmer's dependence on rainfed farming, Singh said. He said efforts would be made to reduce the use of chemical fertilizers with a gradual shift to organic farming. He claimed during the implementation of the first Agri Road Map for Development (2008-2012), yield of grains and milk, fish, eggs and animal meat had substantially increased.Sinha said the farmers would be given bio-fertilizers in packets along with seed packets free with instructions on how to use them. He said Srividhi type of farming used for increasing paddy yield would be used for enhancing sugarcane yield. Singh said out of Rs 1.52 lakh crore, the contribution of the state government would be Rs 1.20 lakh crore and the remaining amount would be raised through finance from Nabard and financial institutions. A resource management group headed by the chief secretary will manage the borrowings, he added.The minister said in future the use of chemical fertilizer would be reduced to one-fourth of the present use. A shift towards organic farming is necessary because a huge foreign exchange goes towards import of chemical fertilizers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733842", "title": "Cop manhandled officer, provoked scuffle: CME", "text": "PUNE: Senior authorities at the College of Military Engineering (CME) said here on Thursday that the alleged clash between army officers and traffic constables at the Sambhaji police chowky on Tuesday, was result of a provocation by a constable \"in plainclothes\", who held one of the army officers by his neck and manhandled him.\"We accept that there was an altercation (between army officers and police), which should have been resolved amicably, but such provocation should not have come from somebody who knows he is not in uniform and claims to do government duty,\" CME's officiating deputy commandant Brigadier S P Nawathe told a news conference.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare countered the CME's claim and said, \"The constable (Nitesh Tapke) was very much in uniform when the alleged scuffle took place.\"A group of 30 to 40 army officers, undergoing a course at the CME, allegedly assaulted Tapke and roughed up lady constable Latifa Maner while ransacking the Sambhaji police chowky near Tilak chowk on Tuesday evening. Maner's on-duty colleague and lady constable, Sunita Burud, had intercepted two motorcycle-borne officers, Captain V Advait and Lieutenant A B Pandit, at Tilak chowk for driving through the Sambhaji bridge in violation of the no-entry rule there.The incident caused a major chaos at the busy Tilak chowk where a large crowd had gathered. Senior city police and military police officers, besides four military trucks with soldiers in full battle gear reached the site causing a panic situation. Some mediapersons and bystanders were roughed up in the commotion when the army tried to prevent cameramen from taking photographs and videos and disperse the crowd.On Wednesday, the army ordered a court of inquiry into the incident, while the Vishrambaug police registered two separate criminal cases against three CME officers and 30 to 40 others on charges of dacoity, rioting and assault, among others.Brigadier Nawathe said, \"The quick response team (QRT) comprising military trucks with personnel in full battle gear was sent to the incident site by the Pune Sub Area following a call by deputy commissioner of police Makarand Ranade. The sole intention was to control and disperse the mob rather than create any panic.\"He said, \"Senior military officers, who rushed to the site, told the young officers to leave the place and return to CME, but they were not being allowed by a section of the crowd. That is where a fresh round of pushing and jostling between the officers and the crowd occurred.\"\"Notwithstanding the provocation, we feel that acts like this by army officers should not have happened. The inquiry will bring out all the facts and those found guilty will be disciplined as per provisions under the Army Act,\" Nawathe said.Asked whether he was suggesting that the police version of the incident was entirely wrong, Nawathe said, \"We are not saying their version is wrong. In fact, that is what we are investigating through the inquiry, which will be completed soon. We are coordinating with the police and we have their full cooperation.\"On the possibility of the army making the court of inquiry report public, Nawathe said, \"I am not authorised to make any commitment or comment on this.\"When contacted, DCP Ranade said, \"We (the city police) had nothing to do with seeking QRT from the military. We have our own six units of QRT. The initial information about the incident was received from the police control room, following which I called Colonel (GS) Rameshwar Sharma at the Pune Sub Area to pass on the information.\"\"When Sharma asked me to identify to which unit the officers belonged to, I told him that the officers were not in uniform but had identified themselves as army officers. Sharma then said that he will inform the civil military police (CMP) and he himself will reach the site,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734207", "title": "2 MLCs resign from House panels", "text": "HYDERABAD: Protesting against the allegedly vindictive attitude of legislative council chairman A Chakrapani towards MLCs belonging to the Telangana region, two members, K Yadava Reddy and K Janardhan Reddy, resigned from their respective house committees on Thursday.While Yadav Reddy resigned from the privileges committee, Janardhan Reddy quit the house petitions committee. Many more members are expected to follow suit and register their protest in this manner.Senior leader KR Amos paved the way for the protest on Wednesday by criticizing the way senior leaders from Telangana had been ignored totally in the membership of various committees. Telangana veteran Amos said none of the senior Telangana senior had been appointed to the chair of any committee.\"Instead, the chairman re-nominated the Andhra leaders on some of the committees,\" he said.Describing this treatment as nothing but an act of vendetta, he said Telangana seniors were being ignored for participating actively in the movement for a separate state.\"A first-time Telangana member MS Prabhakar is appointed chairman and seniors are made members.Even leaders like former PCC president D Srinivas was appointed member of a committee headed by a first-term MLC,\" Amos said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11733702", "title": "Amri Devi in hospital, Bishnoi community upset", "text": "JODHPUR: Amri Devi, the octogenarian mother of Congress legislator from Luni Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, was hospitalized on Thursday after two days of her alleged interrogation by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in connection with Bhanwari Devi case. She was apparently summoned by the investigating agency to building pressure on her daughter Indra Bishnoi to surrender.Though the CBI has denied summoning her, she was apparently made to sit at the Circuit House for nearly three hours on Tuesday and for one hour on Wednesday. The development has invited sharp reaction from the Bishnoi community which alleged harassment of the elderly woman, who is the wife of late Ramsingh Bishnoi, the most prominent leader of the Bishnoi community.The community leaders have written to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), National Commission for Women (NCW) and National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) demanding that a case be registered against CBI officials for violation of human rights of an elderly woman. They have also warned of a mass agitation.Currently, she is undergoing treatment at Mathura Das Mathur Hospital in Jodhpur.The CBI, on the other hand, tried to wriggle out of the controversy by claiming that no interrogation had taken place with Amri Devi. \"The CBI had spoken to her twice at her residences in Bilara and Jodhpur on Monday and Wednesday respectively,\" said a CBI spokesperson.Amri Devi had come twice to the CBI office on Tuesday and Wednesday but CBI has denied her ever having called her to its office for interrogation.\"Her condition deteriorated due to two days' summoning by the CBI for interrogation as she was too old to report to CBI,\" said Kisan Kesri Sangharsh Samiti's representative Ram Pal Bhawad. He said that CBI is unnecessarily harassing the innocent children and women of Ram Singh Bishnoi's family in the name of building pressure to apprehend Indra Bishnoi or to make her surrender. They also shouted slogans against the chief minister Ashok Gehlot and CBI and warned the CBI against harassing the innocent in the name of investigation.A large number of people from the community took Amri Devi to the MGM Hospital on Thursday alleging that her condition deteriorated due to interrogation.A press release from the state's police department said that she had come to Jodhpur Circuit House with her grandson on her own will on Tuesday and Wednesday to talk to Babu Lal Bishnoi, brother of accused Sohan Lal Bishnoi, regarding his statements in which he had said that he had talked to her on September 2 informing her about abduction and elimination of Bhanwari Devi.Ram Pal Bhawad said that we will first hold a community meeting at Bishnoi Dharmshala in Jodhpur on Friday and proceed to the district collectorate in the form of a rally from there to submit a memorandum to the district collector demanding the CBI to stop harassing children and women in the name of investigation by summoning them frequently at its camp office at Circuit House in Jodhpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11738632", "title": "Saudi cricket team rides expertise of ex-Ranji player", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The hands of former state Ranji player Tariq-ur-Rehman are full for he is not only coaching the elite corporate team, Air India, but is also busy training Saudi Arabian cricketers. The 38-year-old Rehman, with 59 first class matches under his belt, was the coach of the Saudi Arabian team that won for the first time U-19 Asia Associates Trophy defeating Kuwait in Kuala Lumpur in August 2011.The Saudi Arabian team, which got affiliation of the International Cricket Council (ICC) in 2003, is gradually progressing ahead with greatest moment in the international cricket thus far lifting the 2008 Asian Cricket Council (ACC) Elite Trophy in which it defeated UAE, a country with ODI experience, by 29 runs.\"Against the backdrop of the fact that football is relatively popular than cricket in Saudi Arabia, their progress is by and large okay and following the Associates Trophy win (in 2011), the government there has become more serious regarding promotion of cricket as sport,\" said Rehman, who has also captained Tripura in the Ranji Trophy.He said the middle-east team has the potential to make a mark in the international arena provided the agencies and authorities concerned sincerely follow the ICC guidelines. \"In the elite circle, Afghanistan is progressing rapidly (in the Associates league) but Malaysia, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia also have the potential to make a presence in the international arena but for this to happen, ICC guidelines need to be followed sincerely by those responsible for it,\" said Rehman, who has scored over 3,000 runs, including seven centuries, in first-class cricket.The left-handed batsman, who has played some important knocks during his 14-year career, is optimistic that by 2020, the middle-east country will qualify for the Asia Cup. \"The elements of experience and determination shall make Saudi Arabia team qualify for the Asia Cup, hopefully,\" said Rehman, whose association with the team is just 10 months.Since affiliation, Saudi Arabia have also played in the T20 format of the game in the 2007 ACC T20 Cup besides the 50-over format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734829", "title": "Cracked pillar was ignored: Police", "text": "NAGPUR: Kalamna police, who are interrogating cold storage warehouse owner Pramod Khandelwal, suspect that a crack was noticed in the centre pillar of the ground floor on the fateful day but it was ignored.\"It is learnt that despite of knowing about the crack in the pillar, the senior staff in the building tried to give it support with the help of iron pillars. They tried to manage it for more than thirty minutes but since the centre support was damaged, the upper floors could not withstand the heavy load. This may be the reason the building collapsed.\" said a senior police official from Kalamna police station. Khadelwal has been remanded to police custody until February 4.Cops said that the incident could have been averted if at least some load was brought down from the building.On the fourth day after the collapse, while the machine operators have removed half of the rubble, industrial safety officials were collecting samples of the cement and other construction material used in construction.Some authorities claimed that the land where the building was constructed is an agricultural land and waste water collects there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11733292", "title": "Dalit park foot overbridge sparks massive traffic snarls", "text": "NOIDA: The chaotic traffic in and around Film City has worsened after the Noida Authority partially closed down the entry to sector 16A, which connects Delhi to Noida sector 18 and Greater Noida, to make way for the construction of a foot overbridge (FOB).The structure will help pedestrians cross over from Film City to the multi-crore Dalit Prerna Sthal. Traffic officials say the situation will not improve until the FOB gets constructed by May and commuters will face unavoidable traffic jams.The FOB, being constructed at for almost Rs 5 crore, spans over the Dadri road and will allow pedestrians to walk from Apeejay School to the park. Even though officials claimed that the construction process will be handled in such a way that traffic movement is not hampered, the arterial route has become the site of a regular traffic logjam. \"At no given point of time during the construction the road will be blocked so that traffic can keep moving,\" said a Noida Authority official.However, in spite of the Authority's claims, the road was plagued with traffic snarls throughout the day on Thursday, forcing the traffic cops to close down the entry to sector 16A on the DND flyway to accommodate the flow of traffic on the Dadri road. \"We partially closed down the 16A entry on the DND to decrease the traffic pressure on Dadri road,\" said Saifuddin Beg, chief traffic inspector, Noida traffic police.The congestion forced commuters to use the crowded Rajnigandha Chowk and traffic officials admitted that the situation is not likely to improve until the FOB gets constructed. According to the traffic police, Dadri road sees over 1 lakh vehicles commuting on it daily, while DND officials estimate that 20 per cent of all traffic on the flyway passes through the entry to Film City.\"We will do our best to ensure that traffic flows as smoothly as possible. But the Dadri road is already a two-lane road and the construction has effectively made one lane non-functional. This, combined with the vehicular pressure on the road, makes traffic jams inevitable,\" said a senior traffic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733188", "title": "SC to hear Army chief\u2019s age row today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Friday will be crucial in the ongoing stand-off between Army chief General V K Singh and the government over his age.The Supreme Court is slated to hold preliminary hearing on his petition on Friday. The case is listed before Justices H L Gokhale and R M Lodha.The court will decide whether to take on the petition for hearing. Gen Singh's lawyers will try to get an ex-parte stay on the government order that has said his date of birth is May 10, 1950. Gen Singh has claimed that the government order on his date of birth was \"arbitrary and illegal\".The court case comes after Gen Singh's efforts to get the government to agree to his demand, that 1951 is his year of birth. In an unprecedented move, Gen Singh had filed a statutory complaint before defence minister A K Antony with his demand. Once that was rejected, the Army chief took yet another unprecedented step, that of moving the Supreme Court.Gen Singh is slated to retire on May 31, 2012, according to the government. But if his contention is upheld, then Gen Singh could be in service until March 31, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734483", "title": "TOI foretold scam, detailed Raja\u2019s modus operandi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Times of India was the only newspaper that had foretold not just the losses arising from the 2G scam , but also detailed the modus operandi of jailed ex-telecom minister A Raja in granting licences to favoured companies by helping them jump the queue.TOI had mentioned how Raja illegally advanced the cut-off date and designed a bespoke first-come-first-served (FCFS) policy while snubbing the PM, the law minister, the finance ministry and his own senior officials. Much of this has now found mention in the crucial section 70 (I - VII) of the Supreme Court judgment that was delivered on Thursday.In over 20 articles before the scam was perpetrated, TOI's Shalini Singh had painstakingly detailed the questionable decisions made by Raja. The very first article indicating that the Rs 1,600 crore entry fee was \"ridiculously low\" and could attract \"an army of bounty hunters\" was written on October 3, 2007 - a month before Raja revealed his plans to the PM on November 2, 2007 and three months before the scam.Other articles included 'DoT gets 575 applications for mobile licenses' (Oct 11, 2007), 'Spectrum policy flawed', (Oct 24, 2007), 'Auctions most transparent way of distributing 2G spectrum' (Oct 27), 'DoT grapples with spectrum woes' (Nov 5), 'Auctions unfair, Raja tells PM' (Nov 6), 'DoT asked to process license applications' (Nov 9), 'DoT may leave 26 applicants in lurch' (Nov 12) and 'DoT ready to offer LoIs' (Dec 7, 2007).The article 'Ministries don't buy DoT argument' predicted that Raja was about to illegally advance the cut-off date from October 1 to September 25, 2007, to place a cap of 121 licenses out of 575 applications while intending to claim that he would follow the Trai recommendations of 'no cap'. The articles also laid out the controversy of changing the order of priority by manipulating the FCFS policy of the government. This was done nearly three weeks before the scam through an article on December 24, 2007 titled, 'Fee payment date key for telecom license seekers'. TOI also exposed the dissent within Raja's team on December 27, 2007 in a article 'DoT wing warns Raja on LoIs'. Further, as soon as the Swan and Unitech transactions yielded windfall gains, TOI was the first to point out on October 30, 2008, 'Valuations reveal loss of government', and on November 1, 2008, 'Telco deals show enterprise value: DoT experts say they are for spectrum'. These articles estimated the loss at Rs 45,000 crore from the Swan and Etisalat transactions. Following this expose, Raja on November 5, 2007 decided to prohibit sale of promoter's equity.Two years later, the CAG, in its report, independently arrived at the same figure of loss from the 122 licenses arising out of the Swan and Unitech deals. Similarly, immediately post the 3G auctions, TOI's detailed article of May 31, 2010, 'Not auctioning 2G spectrum cost government over 1 lakh crore', indicated a loss of roughly Rs 1,02,511 crore at 3G prices. Once again, the CAG independently arrived at this figure six months later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11735329", "title": "Saurashtra farmers start destroying onion crop", "text": "RAJKOT: Onion growers in Saurashtra are crying foul over not getting enough prices for their produce. Months after potato farmers in Deesa destroyed potatoes worth crores, farmers in Saurashtra are doing the same.Onion growers in villages of Mahuva in Bhavnagar, one the highest producers of the vegetable in the state and Talaja in Rajkot are either not harvesting it or are destroying it for fear of not getting enough prices in the market.Pravin Kathiriya, a board member in Mahuva Marketing Yard, said, \"This is the worst ever scenario for onion growers as they are not even able to recover the minimum production cost of their crops. At present, farmers are getting Rs 40 to Rs 60 per 20 kg for red onion and Rs 100 to Rs 120 for white onion.\"Mahuva Marketing Yard receives 1 lakh bag (one bag contains 50 kg) onion daily.\"Farmers have started destroying crops in the fields and avoiding harvest. They have already spent a lot of money on production. Now, they do not have money to take the onions to the market,\" said Bharatsinh Wala, a farmer in Taredi village of Mahuva taluka.A major chunk of the total red onions produced in this region was consumed in Punjab, Haryana and Delhi. \"However, onions from Rajashtan and Maharashtra which are less expensive have made inroads in these regions due to which farmers of Saurashtra have lost ground and are seeing the onions pile up,\" said Pravin Gajera, an onion trader in Mahuva, reasoning the decline in the prices.According to Babubhai Wala, a farmer from Dudhala village in Mahuva, \"on an average farmers spend Rs 40,000 per bigha to produce onions. As against it, farmers reap 100 bags of 20 kg each per bigha. Large number farmers have opted not to harvest the crop.\" Moreover, Saurashtra produces around 60% of total onion production of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733858", "title": "Elderly couple's ATM card stolen, Rs 3.13L spent", "text": "PUNE: The Shivajinagar police have booked an unidentified person for allegedly stealing an ATM card from the house of an elderly couple and making purchases worth Rs 3.13 lakh between December 23 and 31, 2011.Sub-inspector R J Karpe told TOI that the complainant, Indira Vinod Krishna (58) of Suryakiran Park society in Shivajinagar, suspected the involvement of a youth, who used to come to her house to look after her aged parents. \"We are yet to trace the suspect. But we have identified the name of the agency, which had sent the youth to Krishna's house,\" Karpe said.The suspect allegedly stole the ATM card of Krishna's parents - Ram Keswani (89) and Meera Keswani (79). \"He then used the card in various malls and shops in the city and purchased clothes, bags and digital camera, totally worth Rs 3.13 lakh,\" Karpe said.The incident came to light when Krishna checked the bank statement, Karpe added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733895", "title": "City to host 11th world spice meet", "text": "PUNE: More than 200 international and over 250 Indian businessmen in the spice production and distribution space will converge in the city for the 11th World Spice Congress on February 9 (next Thursday). Noted agricultural scientist M S Swaminathan will inaugurate the Congress.Spices Board of India - the nodal organisation of the Indian government and the All India Spices Exporters Forum - will host the event taking place for the first time in the city.Participants will include importers, traders, processors, leaders of value adding industry segments, quality regulators, scientists, bureaucrats and representatives of international trade associations.Farmers growing major spices like pepper, cardamom, chili, turmeric, seed spices like cumin, coriander will participate in the event to deliberate threadbare the sustainability, traceability and food safety which are of relevance in today's trade and commerce of spices.A media release said the theme of the Congress, \"Sustainability and Food Safety: Global Initiatives,\" will be highly relevant in the present scenario, marked by the challenge which the spices sector faces in ensuring availability of quality spices on a consistent basis.The technical sessions will deal in crops and market pertaining to different spice crops, contaminants and issues of Global Harmonization Standards, the release added.Spice exports from India account for nearly 50% of the world's spice production and the trend is getting robust. Volume of spice exports from the country this financial year up to November 2011 is 3,51,900 tonnes valued at Rs.6209.08 crore, 43% higher than exports in the same period in the previous financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11736534", "title": "Fanatika documentary festival on theatre today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gaon Ke Naon Theatre , Mor Naon Habib - a documentary based on the journey of Naya Theatre , a group of Chhattisgarhi theatre actors founded by writer-director Habib Tanvir is one of the theatre documentaries to be shown at the Fanatika Theatre Documentary Festival .The Fanatika Theatre club, under the aegis of Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad will present this 3-day fest, to be held on February 3-5 , at the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad. It will also show foreign documentaries in French, German, Italian and English .A documentary on Nobel prize winner Dario Fo, one on Shakespeare's Othello and Julius Caesar and one on Gujarati playwright Jashwant Thaker will be the high points of the festival. The documentaries which are in different languages will all be subtitled in English. The event is free for all. The screenings begin at 7 pm on all three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11727036", "title": "Renuka,Vipin host anniversary bash", "text": "Renuka and Vipin Khanna recently hosted a bash in the capital to celebrate their silver wedding anniversary.The theme was award ceremonies, and we spotted a huge cutout of the Oscar award trophy's replica at the entrance of the venue. The guests were welcomed on a red carpet, and the venue was decorated with huge film posters.We also spotted Begum Yaman and Maharaja Aditya Katch at this do.Renuka was wearing a silver evening gown, and was seen in full masti, dancing closely with Neeraj Soni, while her husband Vipin was mingling with the guests.About the theme, Renuka told us, \"It's all about celebration. I wanted the occasion to be a memorable event, not only for me but also for my friends. Hence we decided to present each of them with a special award.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734985", "title": "Allergies, viral infections on the rise", "text": "MUMBAI: The increase in pollution levels accompanying winter is driving Mumbaikars up the wall. Owing to the chill in the air, city physicians have been seeing an increase not only in allergic reactions, but also viral and bacterial infections.Inhalation of suspended particulate matter is causing grief to the respiratory tracts of Mumbaikars - especially those who already suffer from chronic problems. The situation is aggravated by particulate matter trapped in the morning fog. \"The viruses thriving due to colder weather may be an additional reason for throat infections,\" said Dr Shaheed Barmare, who consults at Kohinoor Hospital, Kurla. A primary viral infection, if untreated, may be followed by a bacterial infection. \"This may result in a fever and severe chest congestion,\" he said. Doctors say in some pockets of the city, the incidence of early morning rhinitis is about 30%.Different sizes of particles may affect different parts of the respiratory system. \"Small particles (5-15 microns in size) affect the upper parts of the respiratory tract like nose, sinuses, throat, bronchii (small airways). Since these particles are big, they are stopped by the hair lining the inside of the nasal tract and keep moving upward. However, particles 1-5 microns in size manage to reach the deeper parts of the lungs,\" said Dr Ashok Mahasur, chest physician at Hinduja Hospital.While the body has its own mechanism to combat even the smallest particles, in areas where construction is a continuous process, these particles are abundant and a beyond-the-limit quantity in the body may cause serious health hazards. \"The white blood cells in the alveoli can eat up these particles. But there is a limit to it. When a person stays near a construction site, the particles get accumulated in the lungs and stay there. Prolonged collection of these particles may cause chronic cold, allergies, pharynxitis, bronchitis, an increase in asthma or trigger pneumonia along with dreaded chronic obstructive pulmonary disorders (COPDs),'' said Dr Neelam Rane, professor of physiology at D Y Patil Medical College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734613", "title": "Two actors rescued from brothel", "text": "CHENNAI: Two supporting actresses were rescued from a brothel during a raid by anti-vice squad (AVS) sleuths in Vadapalani on Wednesday. A woman was arrested for running the racket.An AVS policeman posing as a customer first called up the pimp. After a deal was struck, the decoy was asked to come to a shopping complex in Vadapalani. He was then directed to a nearby house where Lakshmi (33) showed him two girls from Andhra Pradesh. Immediately, AVS sleuths in plainclothes caught hold of the woman and rescued the girls.The pimp and the two women had worked as junior artists in several movies, police said. Of late, they added, pimps were accommodating girls in ladies' hostels fearing raids in hotels and lodges. The arrested woman was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11734196", "title": "Muslim cops allowed Naroda Patia to happen, claims ex-DGP", "text": "Retired DGP and then chief of SRPF, R B Sreekumar told SIT in 2008 that there were two Muslim cops who did not help the Naroda Patia victims by defying his instructions and did not allow the Naroda Patia victims to enter SRP quarters.Sreekumar also told SIT that following this incident, the Muslim officers were given special favours by the state government.As per Sreekumar's deposition before SIT, SRPF commandant Group II at Naroda, Khurshid Ahamed and his subordinate Qureshi informed him in the morning that a group of 500 hapless Muslims from Naroda Patia were seeking refuge in SRP quarters, as violent Hindu mobs were after their lives. \"I ordered for immediate opening of gates and housing the refugees in the barracks, which were vacant as men had gone out for bandobast. I had also directed the commandant to permit all citizens seeking shelter inside SRP camp. A fax message was send to the commandant, confirming my above instructions,\" his statement read.The retired DGP narrated how the Muslim cop was rewarded by the government for his support. After the riots, Ahamed was posted as DCP in Surat city, a coveted post by SP level officers, considering the prosperity of the area and prestige attached to the post, he said. He also mentioned that Ahamed's wife, Shammena Hussain (IAS belonging to MP) was posted as the DDO in the rich Valsad district. Later she was posted as collector Surendranagar where she is now also. K Ahamed is now DCP- Rajkot city. \"There are practically no instances of Muslim officers, that too belonging to outside states, getting such \"prized postings\". Significantly, Qureshi, the deputy commandant was soon promoted as commandant and posted in the Group-XIII in Rajkot city. He was also given the second medal, for distinguished service, which is rarely awarded to SRPF officers,\" Sreekumar told SIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735606", "title": "Probe reportedly indicts ex-Basti commissioner", "text": "LUCKNOW: The two-member team, constituted by the state government to look into the IAS-IPS spat in Basti, is understood to have found the conduct of then Basti divisional commissioner Anurag Srivastava as unsatisfactory and recommended appropriate action in this regard. However, the findings are yet to be confirmed officially.Though the team of senior IAS officer and Industrial Development Commissioner V N Garg and director general of police (Anti-Corruption) Arun Kumar Gupta was required to submit its findings with the chief secretary latest by Wednesday, it sought a day more to complete the report. On Thursday, the report was submitted to the principal secretary home as chief secretary Anoop Misra was in Delhi on an official trip.Sources said the committee concluded that by being the senior most IAS officer present on the scene and vested with full supervisory powers, Srivastava should have intervened to resolve the issue for better co-ordination between the various wings of the district administration. However, the report is understood to have termed his conduct as \"quite unsatisfactory\" and recommended \"such action against the IAS officer that corresponds to the seriousness of his fault\".The report is believed to have mentioned that the unsavory incident on January 26 was a result of some ongoing issues between Siddharthnagar district magistrate Chaitra V and SP Mohit Gupta and there was no reason strong enough that could be termed as \"immediate provocation\". TOI too, in its edition dated January 31, had pointed out that the heated exchange between the two officers had no immediate cause but a result of strained relations between them for the past couple of months.Sources said the probe report has also mentioned instances to support its observations, including the dispute between the two officers over posting of police station in-charges as well as the recent trend of the DM directly calling the meeting of middle-rung police officers without due information to the district police chief.Sources said that the report also cites instances which add weight to the fact that the Basti divisional commissioner was aware of the strained relations between the two important officials of the district administration under his jurisdiction, but did not make any attempt to resolve the issue.In the findings, the probe team has also mentioned that the conduct of the then DM was also not up to the mark. These findings corroborate the allegations of the SP that the conduct of the commissioner, \"who asked him to shut up and get out of the meeting hall\" in front of a host of officials from three districts of the Basti division - Sidharthnagar, Sant Kabir Nagar and Basti.The state government had on January 30 ordered a probe into the January 26 heated exchange between commissioner Basti and SP Sidharthnagar after a host of IPS officers submitted their resignations with the Uttar Pradesh Indian Police Services Officers Association (UPIPSOA) in protest against the transfer of the then SP Sidhartnagar Mohit Gupta. Prior to that, on January 28, the Association had demanded action against the Basti commissioner for misbehaving with the SP. The government on January 29 transferred the SP and the DM Siddharthnagar while the commissioner was left untouched. This led to further resentment among the IPS cadre.General secretary of UPIPSOA Arun Kumar said that the association was now waiting for the government response to the probe team findings. \"We will wait for the government to react and also try to find out the findings of the probe committee. If the association members are satisfied with the action initiated, then of course there will be no issues. Otherwise we will again call a meeting to discuss the future course of action,\" Kumar told TOI. Apart from action against the IAS officer(s), the association has also sought a written apology from Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "11738703", "title": "Over 120 feared killed in PNG ship tragedy", "text": "MELBOURNE: More than 120 people are feared dead after a ship with over 350 on board sank off Papua New Guinea's north coast, even as ships and helicopters are continuing to search for missing people, officials said today.About 350 Papua New Guineans were on board the Rabaul Queen when it went down in the Solomon Sea about last morning, according to local media reports here.The ship was headed for the PNG north-coast town of Lae from the West New Britain town of Kimbe.Australian rescuers saved 238 passengers, most of them students and trainee teachers, from drowning after the ferry sank, but fears remained for more than 120 were still missing.\"Over 200 people had been rescued - most of them from the water,\" Rescue co-ordinator Captain Nurur Rahman said, adding that several passengers were still unaccounted for.The search for the missing passengers - mostly university students - resumed at daylight. Officials said there were fears people had been trapped in the ferry.Capt Rahman said the rescuers are scouring the area for more survivors. He said it was too early to say why the ferry went down, refusing to speculate on whether the ship was overloaded.Most of the survivors who have returned to Lae were taken to the local hospital.\"None of them had sustained any real injuries. They were pretty cold and miserable,\" Lae Chamber of Commerce president Alan McLay told Australian media.Meanwhile, Ferry operator Rabaul Shipping said that there were 350 passengers and 12 crew onboard.Relatives of the passengers, angered by a lack of information, threw rocks at the company's office in Kimbe on Thursday, Australian media reported. Local police said it had to move the staff to an undisclosed location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733905", "title": "Over 4,000 deaths on roads since 2001", "text": "PUNE: The data on road accidents in the city between 2001 and 2011 paints a grim picture about the worsening road safety scenario with 4,135 people losing their lives in 11 years. Statistics provided by the traffic police shows that 2001 recorded the lowest number of fatalities (282), while 2008 had the highest number of deaths (477).\"Increase in the number of privately-owned vehicles - 70% of which are two-wheelers - lack of traffic discipline and inadequate road safety infrastructure have been some of the main reasons for the increasing number of accidents,'' said deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare. Road accidents can be reduced if the municipal corporations, various other departments, and citizens' groups work together, he added.In the last 11 years, 24,378 road accidents took place in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. In 16% these accidents, victims lost their lives. The year 2011 has recorded the highest number of accidents, ie, 3,315. The number of accidents (all types) crossed the 3,000-mark for the first time in 2011.The number of fatalities has consistently been over 300 since 2002, except 2001. Since 2002, the number has been on the increase and in 2007 it crossed 400. The next year, the number of fatalities was close to 500. In the last five years, the average number of deaths in road accidents has been over 400. The number of deaths in 2011 was less by 22 compared to the figure in 2010.The number of accidents with serious injuries, too, should be a cause for concern. In the last 11 years, 4,302 people suffered serious injuries in road accidents. The year 2008 saw the highest number of people (634) getting injured. It was also the year which saw the highest number of fatalities (477). The number of people with serious injuries crossed the 300-mark in 2004 and since then it has been on the rise.\"The city does not have a proper road safety infrastructure. All main roads should have lane markings, zebra crossings, other road signage, and proper facilities for pedestrians,'' Pandhre said. \"All the provisions for safe movement of all road users have to be made. Necessary corrective measures for preventing accidents also need to be taken up on priority. If medians have been broken, they need to be closed. All accidents need to be analyzed. Based on the details, improvements should be implemented,'' he added.Harshad Abhyankar, convenor of the Save Pune Traffic Movement, said that the high number of accidents is a cause for serious concern.The SPTM has recently launched an year-long programme - Save 100 Lives. \"Combined efforts of the NGOs, traffic police and the municipal corporations, along with active participation from citizens, will help reduce road accidents and related deaths. Such efforts will help save at least a 100 lives, if not more, a year,\" he said.The Pune traffic police will be using its newly-launched website as a platform to create public awareness about road safety. The traffic branch, with the help of various agencies and support of citizens, has prepared radio jingles, popular songs, films and videos on road safety. These videos, songs and films are to be shown in schools and colleges, and also in multiplexes and theatres.Police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar says in a statement on the website: \"The roads in the city are limited but the number of vehicles has reached alarming proportions. This is affecting the daily life of citizens adversely. The traffic police cannot manage the situation alone and need help from different stakeholders and citizens. The situation can be improved to some extent if all the stakeholders come together. The traffic police need active participation from citizens to improve road safety measures.''Joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal states: \"Fatal accident on roads of Pune is one major concern and a challenge for the traffic police. With proper deployment of personnel, study of accident prone areas, and regulating the vehicles which cause more fatal accidents, we hope to effectively check the dimensions of fatalities.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11735276", "title": "Expo to showcase best agri practices", "text": "SURAT: Farmers in Surat district in particular and south Gujarat in general will have an opportunity to update themselves on the best agriculture practice for better produce using hi-tech technology and production at the three-day long agriculture exhibition. The conference, titled 'Krishi Technica-2012' is being organized at Surat International Exhibition and Convention Centre (SIECC) at Sarsana starting from February 4.Krishi Technica-2012 will focus on the newest developments in agriculture sector and showcase the latest technology and products available to improve the quality of the farm products in agriculture, floriculture and horticulture.About 100 exhibitors from Rajkot, Ahmedabad, Surat, Bangalore, Pune, Delhi, Mumbai and Chhattisgarh are participating in the exhibition. Products ranging from chemicals, fertilizers, tractors, harvesters, land levelers, seeds, green house category, solar pumps, power tools and gardening tools are being showcased in the exhibition.Rishab Shah, business development officer of Radeecal communication, which is organizing the event jointly with the Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGCCI), said, \"This is the first agri exhibition in the city where more than 50,000 visitors, especially farmers from across the state are likely to visit.\"Shah said, \"Surat and south Gujarat are fast emerging as the potential belt for horticulture and floriculture. There are more than 12 green house technology providers from Bangalore who are exhibiting their products. The farmers in this region will be able to get immense knowledge on hi-tech farming.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11735399", "title": "Leather export house wins award", "text": "KANPUR: Superhouse Ltd has received the Largest Exporter Award for the year 2010-11.The award has given by minister of state for finance SS Palanirmanikkam to joint managing director of the company Jafarul Amin in Chennai on January 31.These awards are given by Council for Leather Exports, a body of Union ministry of commerce and industry in the field of leather and leather products.Group chairman Mukhtarul Amin that his aim is to see Superhouse Ltd as the number one company in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11735563", "title": "NBW against BSP leader: HC seeks govt's reply", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On a writ petition filed against BSP state president Swami Prasad Maurya and two others, the Allahabad High Court has asked the state government to file a reply within three weeks and fixed Feburary 23 for next hearing. The order was passed by a two-judge bench of Justice Amar Saran and Justice Ramesh Sinha on a petition filed by Praphool Singh of Pratapgarh.The petitioner alleged that in a criminal case pending in the court of chief judicial magistrate, Rae Bareli, non-bailable warrants have been issued against Maurya and two others but the same is not being executed by the police and they are not appearing in the case. It is alleged that Maurya is wanted in case crime No. 110 of 1987 under Sections 147, 148, 149 307, 332, 353, 336,427 and 323 IPC at police station Dalmau district at Bareilly.The petition further alleged that the accused persons are absconding from trial and enjoying the shelter of administration. The other two persons are Shiv Prakash Misra and Manoj Kumar Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11735373", "title": "Cong, NCP meet over RPI faction seats", "text": "NASHIK: A meeting of the Congress parliamentary board, including chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, was held in Mumbai on Thursday night to take a final decision on the seats to be allotted to the Republican Party of India's (RPI) Gavai faction. Senior leaders of the Congress party informed that the meeting was being conducted to decide which party of the secular alliance would be sharing its seats with the Gavai faction. He added that since the chief minister and the deputy chief minister were not available last week, the meeting was scheduled for February 2.\"We have declared 40 seats for our candidates and have given 10 seats to the faction of RPI led by Jogendra Kawade; seats for the Gavai faction will be given by the Nationalist Congress Party,\" said a senior Congress leader. Only after a seat adjustment is reached will we be able to declare the list of the remaining candidates, he said, adding that the manifesto would be declared after a couple of days and then joint campaigning will start. At present, campaigning is being done by individual parties, said another Congress leader.Senior leaders from the NCP said that the Congress will be giving its seats to the RPI faction. A senior leader said, \"The Congress did not leave any seats for the Gavai faction. They had decided on the seats for the Kavade faction a long time ago without considering the Gavai faction,\" the leader claimed.NCP leaders insisted that their party is not entitled to give any seats to the RPI. \"Everything rests with the Congress party,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734858", "title": "Building collapse: Help pours in for Sarita, but she wants to see mom", "text": "NAGPUR: There was a time when like any other ten-year-old girl, especially from a poor family, Sarita Raul and wished for new clothes, toys, sandals, chocolates and delicacies. Today, she has virtually all of them but couldn't care less. Nothing, it seems, can distract her from waiting for her mother Sanjukta who was crushed when the warehouse came crashing down on Monday.After learning about Sarita, who had a providential escape, many social organizations and orphanage representatives lined up since Thursday morning to provide help to her.A few of them even tried to convince her to go with them to more comfortable places but a resolute Sarita preferred to remain at the collapse site by her father's site. Sarita, who had also suffered a head injury in the collapse, survived after she came out from the cloud of dust with the help of a cellphone light.Since morning, Arvindsingh Rajput, a garment shop owner, gifted two pair of dresses and a sweater to Sarita. For a few minutes, it brought smiles to her face and she even wore a pair of it. But slowly the smile faded when other social organizations repeated the same act. Many came, gave her dresses, sandals and offered her food. But the considerate gestures seemed lost on her.\"On the first day, I could provide only a cup of tea and biscuit packet to her but now I don't have to worry for her. The only thing that disturbs me is that she keeps asking about her mother,\" said her father Anand, a security guard.Amarja Khedikar from an NGO Childline said, \"We tried all possible ways to convince her to come with us but she is not ready to leave her father.\" Sarita even refused to have the lunch brought for her by some samaritans. Finally, she had food only when another ten-year-old orphan fed her.But throughout the day, her eyes kept darting about the debris, looking for some sign of her mother. She repeatedly pointed to the concrete rubble removed by the excavators. \"Papa, tell them to remove more of it,\" she told her father. \"Mummy is still there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734315", "title": "Gujarat State Examination Board to conduct head teachers' entrance test on Feb 25", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat State Examination Board (GSEB) will conduct the head teachers' eligibility test (HTET) for positions in government primary schools on February 25.The position of head teacher is akin to principal in primary schools from class I to VIII. The exam will consist of multiple choice questions.There will be two papers consisting of 150 questions and candidates will be required to answer the test within two hours.The first paper will consist of general knowledge, administrative management, school leadership, methodology and education psychology.The second paper will consist of questions from syllabus of class 1-VIII and will test the knowledge of the candidates about primary syllabus.Candidates will be required to score a minimum of 50 per cent marks to pass the test while to qualify for the position of head teacher, the candidate will have to score a mandatory 60 per cent marks.Officials said that the score will be considered valid for five years time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735513", "title": "SC order has affected Cong's right to challenge SP, BSP rule: Jaitley", "text": "LUCKNOW: BJP leader Arun Jaitley on Thursday said that the Congress' right to challenge the system of \"ugahiraj\" (institutionalised extortion) of BSP and \"goondaraj\" of SP in Uttar Pradesh has taken a knock following the Supreme Court order in 2G spectrum case.\"To challenge the 'goondaraj' of Samajwadi Party and the ugahiraj of BSP is the central issue in Uttar Pradesh Assembly election. After the Supreme Court decision today, Congress' right to challenge this system has been affected, \" he told reporters here.The Supreme Court on Thursday cancelled the 122 2G spectrum licences granted by former telecom minister A Raja on the ground that they were issued in a \"totally arbitrary and unconstitutional\" manner.Jaitley said that all Congress leaders coming to UP for campaigning should first reply the questions arising out of the SC order.\"This (spectrum allocation) was not the decision of one person but of the entire cabinet, in which the then Telecom Minister and Finance Minister are specially responsible, \" the Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha said while putting the entire UPA government in the dock.He said it was only a technical question that which court would investigate the matter, in reality every person involved in that decision would have judicial accountability, besides political and moral.\"After the court's decision in 2G spectrum case, the then Finance Minister and now Home Minister P Chidambaram should think himself that how justified was for him to continue in the post, \" Jaitley said replying to a question.On role of the Prime Minister, he said it was a collective decision of the UPA government and he cannot shrug his responsibility.Jaitley said that after the apex court's decision, suspicion was natural among domestic and foreign investors over the entire economy.He claimed that the government's attention was drawn several times regarding allegations in the 2G case, but Prime Minister Manmohan Singh \"ignored\" the matter to save A Raja.Terming Finance Minister as guard of state exchequer, Jaitely said that spectrum was property of the government and allotting it without auction in an arbitrary manner in 2008 at 2001 rate was wrong.The BJP leader that development was becoming an agenda in UP Assembly polls, but by fixing 4.5 per cent quota for minorities within 27 per cent OBC reservation, Congress changed the agenda by giving \"communal colour\" to political atmosphere.Accusing Congress of indulging into divisive politics, he alleged that SP and BSP were doing the same.Jaitley claimed that attempts being made by Congress, SP and BSP were resulting in polarisation of votes which would benefit BJP.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "the virtual world of playstations and computer games may be full of excitement, but it comes with a curse attached", "code": "11736387", "title": "Missing out on fun in the sun", "text": "The virtual world of PlayStations and computer games may be full of excitement, but it comes with a curse attached: obesity and aggression. It has turned children into couch potatoes, who don't know how to express their emotions, say experts.Children are becoming increasingly anti-social , and given a choice between playing football and cricket with friends and playing a Ra-One game on PS, they choose the latter. Thanks to technology, children are cut off from social life, and parents are equally to blame for it.Says paediatrician Dr Yashoda Devi: \"Technology is good for growth, but overexposure has made children obese. Children get into the habit of eating junk food while watching television or playing games. They don't want to step out into the sun and play games which involve physical exercise . This leads to a lack of immunity and makes children irritable.\"Constantly being on computers, PSPs or mobile phones leads to eyesight related problems in children. Underexposure to sunlight gives them problems like backaches and deficiency of Vitamin-D .\"Children should be advised to read more and play outdoor games. This will improve their mental and physical growth. By allowing them to be on PlayStations and computers 24X7, we are just breeding a generation of monsters,\" said Yashoda Devi.G Swaminath, clinical psychologist, cautions parents and children against overexposure to video and computer games. He said: \"Spending a lot of time sitting in front of computers and televisions isolates children, and also affects their communication skills. They adapt themselves to live in an imaginary world, and refuse to learn the real values of life. The violence in the games they play has increased aggression levels in children.\"Malathy Natraj, a mother of two, has taken some steps to protect her children from growing up in a virtual world. \"We don't have a television connection at home. We have internet but children are not allowed to use it, unless they want to work on their school projects. I monitor their activities at home. I am not strict with them, but I try to encourage them to play outdoor games. I involve them in activities like watering plants in our kitchen garden and playing with our dog,\" she said.Giving a piece of advice to parents, Dr Yashoda Devi said: \"Parents, and especially grandparents , must supervise and control children. They should involve children in extra-curricular activities at least over the weekends and prohibit them from eating junk food.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11737688", "title": "Girls like to splurge: Survey", "text": "INDORE: Youths, especially girls, like to buy things even when these are not a necessity. They find sales, discounts too attractive to resist buying, according to a survey conducted by four medicos of the city-based Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGMC). In the survey, covering some 200 girls between 18 and 29 age, it came out girls go for shopping spree.The three-month long study was conducted on students of the Prestige Institute of Management and Research of the city to determine prevalence of compulsive buying disorder or Oniomania in college going girls. A questionnaire was provided to students of the college. Nearly 21% girls were found having Oniomania or compulsive buying disorder.Based on the Richmond's compulsive buying scale, 21% respondents scored more than 35 score indicating they suffer from compulsive buying disorder while 63.5% respondents were the borderline compulsive shoppers.The survey was conducted by Sarika Rawat, Sheetal Achale, Sita Kag and Sudhanshu Hedau under the guidance of Dr A.K. Khatri, Dr Rahul Rokde and Dr Suraj Sirohi of community medicine department to find out buying behaviour of young generation especially girls. \"This is general tendency developing in youths who gets attracted by sale, discounts and sometimes even buy things they do not require. The survey was conducted to find out its prevalence. With more consumerism and materialism, the prevalence is on rise similar to the western world,\" Dr Rahul Rokde.The survey also found that 49.5% girls went for shopping on monthly basis whereas 15.5% went for shopping every week. Sometimes mood swing also forced them to indulge in shopping. Nearly 18.5% of girls often do shopping to lift their spirit and 11.5% girls buy often when they are lonely, disappointed or angry. Nine% girls frequently buy luxuries before necessities.In medical terminology such attitude generally occurs due to hormonal imbalance. People go for excessive shopping even when they do not require. Dr Manish Jain, a psychiatrist said, \"The behaviour can be triggered by a need to feel special and combat loneliness with a hope that shopping will somehow change them for the better. But compulsive shopping satisfies none of those needs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736525", "title": "Skill display by budding managers", "text": "BANGALORE: Christ University walked away with the winner's trophy at inter-collegiate fest Tarkash 2012. The two-day fest was organized by IBS Bangalore and had 62 teams representing 15 colleges from across the country. This year's theme - House of Cards - was woven around corporate games. The novelty of the fest was creating social consciousness amongst future managers through corporate social responsibility .The annual fest provides a platform for budding managers to prove they are not only the best but different from the rest. In the final, Amit Kumar from IBS Hyderabad was adjudged best manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11737708", "title": "Demand for 14ct diamond jewellery up", "text": "INDORE: The diamond jewellery finds tier-II &amp; tier-III cities like Indore favourable markets. People in these smaller cities are going for 14 carat (ct) diamond jewelleries so as to suit their shoe-string budget instead of the usual 18 ct diamond-studded jewellery items.Ankit Barmecha, a city-based diamond trader, says that the demand for necklace and bangles was on the rise in smaller cities. However, people in these places were now preferring 14 ct diamond jewellery items so as to suit their shoe-string budget.\"Suppose, you are going for 18 ct diamond, then it will cost you Rs 2,100 per gram. But in case of 14 ct diamond, you will have to pay only Rs 1,640 per gram. Thus you can save up to Rs 460 per gram,\" he said. He further said that there was not much difference between 14 ct and 18 ct diamonds until the jeweller tells a customer, claims Barmecha.\"While 99% of demand for diamond jewellery was meant for wedding gifts, we have also found people buying the jewellery for corporate gifts in certain cases,\" he said.Talking in the context of MP, Rajendra Kothari, former resident director of PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry in the state, said that the market in the state is all set to mature within 2-3 years as there was a sudden growth in the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11737712", "title": "Mani Shankar Aiyar confronts JuD chief Hafiz Saeed on Pak TV, says he needs to be arrested", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Muhammad Saeed appeared to lose his cool on a TV talk show on Thursday when parliamentarian Mani Shankar Aiyar questioned his contention that Indians did not accept Pakistan , and said he should be arrested and brought before a terrorism court.The host of the show suddenly introduced Saeed, the alleged mastermind of the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, on a phone link while Aiyar was in the studio in Islamabad with another panellist.Responding to a question from the host, the founder of the Lashkar-e-Taiba listed his reasons for opposing improved trade relations with India and the granting of most favoured nation-status to the neighbouring country.\"Giving India MFN-status is not correct in any manner because there are already big problems that haven't been resolved, including the Kashmir issue.\"At this moment, the dams being made by India will create a crisis in Pakistan,\" Saeed claimed.Saeed further claimed he had \"never opposed talks\" with India but the neighbouring country \"has never seriously tried to resolve problems\".Aiyar, currently on a private visit to Pakistan, responded to this by saying that Saeed was part of a \"small group\" that opposed better ties with India while ordinary people wanted relations between the two countries to grow.\"There are some persons like Hafiz Saeed in our country who do not want things to move forward but thankfully the ordinary people want our ties to improve. We can improve our relations irrespective of what his (Saeed's) opinion is.\"We want him to be caught and taken to a terrorism court,\" Aiyar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11739123", "title": "Sampat Singh raises more questions over power tariff hike issue", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Senior Congress leader and former power minister Sampat Singh, who has locked horns with power minister Ajay Singh Yadav over the power tariff issue, have raised more questions regarding the functioning of state-run power companies.The two power distribution companies of the state had approached Haryana State Electricity Regulatory Commission (HERC) seeking hike in power tariffs for financial year 2012-13, showing a huge revenue gap of Rs 7,755 crore. Terming the working capital management of both companies as \"extremely lax\", Sampat Singh, an expert on power affairs, has claimed that this avoidable burden ought not to be passed on to the consumers.A senior officer of the power department said that they would submit their para-wise reply soon. Meanwhile, here is a look at the arguments of Sampat Singh:*The Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission has estimated that agriculture pumpset consumers are not supplied more than 3.96 hours per pumpset per day in the case of DHBVN. Against this, DHBVN has projected agriculture sales based on 4.07 hours of supply per pumpset per day. Thus the claims of DHBVN ought to be disallowed and rural electricity subsidy claimed and based on exaggerated hours of supply in the past years needs to be adjusted.*The commission had estimated 3.49 hours power supply to agriculture tubewells in the case of UHBVN. However, UHBVN has claimed agriculture power sales based on 7.08 hours of supply per pumpset per day throughout the year. This needs to be disallowed and excess rural electricity subsidy claimed in the past needs to be adjusted.*Despite completely eroded equity and net worth of these companies, they have claimed 14% return on equity amounting to Rs. 454.40 crore. As long as equity is not restored and wiping off accumulated losses to the tune of Rs 6,506 crore as on March 31, 2011, both companies have no basis to claim any return on equity, burden of which is again passed on to the consumers.*Both companies have claimed depreciation in assets amounting to Rs 300.58 crore for the coming financial year. The basis for arriving at the value base of assets on which the depreciation rate can be applied asset-wise is the audited fixed asset register (FAR). Thus the claim of both companies needs to be backed up by an FAR. In its absence, depreciation can neither be computed nor should it be allowed by the commission.*On account of truing up of employees cost, interest cost and other related issues for the past three financial years, the two companies have claimed Rs 2,017.50 crore. The true-up claims are reportedly based on audited accounts for the respective years. Such truing up cannot be allowed as regulators allow such expenses on a normative basis. Any excess expenditure reflects the inefficiency of the companies. If such inefficient expenses over and above the norms are allowed, then why regulate at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11739132", "title": "'Goodbye My Friend' now at film festivals", "text": "India has given many successful female film directors abroad, such as Mira Nair , Gurinder Chadha , Deepa Mehta and others. In that tradition, one more name is creating a place for herself now, not only as a director, but also as a writer and an actress.That name is of Indian born film director, writer and actor Kalpna Singh-Chitnis, whose debut feature \" Goodbye My Friend\" ( Adios Mi Amigo) has now hit the film festival circuit.Kalpna Singh-Chitnis who graduated from the New York Film Academy in Universal Studios, Hollywood, earned early recognition as a director, when her short film \"Girl With An Accent\" screened at several film festivals worldwide, and in 2006 won the Silver Award at the SMTV Mumbai International Film Festival.\"Goodbye My Friend\" world premiered at the Silent River Film Festival in USA in September 2011 and had its South Asian Premiere at the 12th Dhaka International Film Festival in Bangladesh on January 18th 2012.Now, the film is ready for it's Indian Premiere at the 4th CineASA Guwahati International Film Festival in Assam, scheduled to be an opening night film, followed by \"Naukadubi\" a film by Rituparna Ghosh.The film is being shown at three different venues in Guwahati and Lakhimpur. The festival opens on February 5th and runs through February 11th 2012.\"Goodbye My Friend\" is an epic film that takes us on an emotional journey of a US Marine Leon (Carlo Astuti), who goes to Iraq and Kiran (Kalpna Singh-Chitnis) who is an artist and humanitarian working for the red cross. Leon and Kiran are friends.With the time their extraordinary friendship grows, but did it survive the emotional metamorphosis due to the changed circumstances in their lives and achived the grory it deserved, or just became a legend of fall?The saga of love and betrayal, hope and despair, hurt and redemption, dreams and disillusions takes place in post 9/11 America, but also shows the glimpses of Iraq, India and Mexico transcending the international boundaries.The film stars famous San Francisco 49ers Super Bowl defensive star Dwight Hicks , also known for Armageddon, The Rock, Jack, Homeland Security and ER, Reef Karim known for The Whisperers, Flavors, Thirteen, Laurel Canyon, Lords of Dogtown, Carlo Astuti, Monique La Barr, Arsh Singh, Narendra Gala and Kalpna Singh-Chitnis herself playing Kiran, the leading role in this film.Kalpna Singh-Chitnis is also the Founder, Director and CEO of the Silent River Film Festival in Irvine, California.\"Goodbye My Friend\" has been an inspiration behind starting this festival. The Silent River Film Festival aims to bring East and West together to share their best work and Cinema and Causes on one platform to bring awareness about the issues that are important to us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11735372", "title": "Tricity expected to get PGI-like centre", "text": "If all goes well, Tricity might get a PGI-like institute. Though no committee has been formed, talks are being held with the neighbouring states. \"It is at an early stage and nothing has yet been decided. But we will try and work on establishing PGI's satellite hospital which can share our patient inflow,\" said PGI spokesperson Manju Wadwalkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11735046", "title": "Crimson and blue painted pain and calm", "text": "KOLKATA: Suman Roy had been bitten by the travel bug. Only last month, when his illustrious father Suhas Roy was showing us the paintings he was set to exhibit in Mumbai, Suman was driving a CR-V or a Fortuna, through Ladakh, Kashmir, Vaishno Devi, Banaras, driven by his love for automobiles. Little did he, or anyone for that matter, know that soon he would whistle his way out of this world. He departed on Tuesday, January 24, succumbing to a cerebral attack precisely a month before he would turn 44. He leaves behind his seven-year-old son Sangbit, wife Swati, sister Kathakali, inconsolable parents, and a large family of collectors enamoured by his glass paintings of Jesus as the Soul of Our Times.\"Paint what pleases your inner self,\" Suhas Roy had told Suman when he graduated, thereby teaching him to disregard criticism of being a shadow of his father. For, painting had come naturally to young Suman, then growing up in Santiniketan where his father was a teacher. Living in a surrounding that exuded joy and simplicity, he most naturally found joy in depicting the birds, the trees, the ponds, the tribals - in their natural colours. His early works, executed in the final years at Kala Bhawan, reflected various moods of nature. Once he moved to Kolkata, men and women - singles rather than in group - came to hold his interest. And after seeing The Passion of Christ, he had taken to reinventing the subject that has placed his father's signature inside the Vatican.\"Each community and every people have realized Him in a particular manner,\" Suman had observed as he visited churches in South Africa, Turkey, Russia - places he would go to participate in art camps. \"South African Jesus is different from European Jesus who is primarily Aryan or Greco Roman,\" he'd say. As he followed the route traversed by Jesus two millennia ago, he'd realized that \"Somewhere Jesus is king, somewhere he's God, for some he's 'our son,' to some he's a human being par excellence.\"So over a period of time, in different mediums, on differing surfaces, with varying palettes, for divergent moods Suman painted the crimson of His pain, the Prussian blue of His meditative calm, the grainy green of His subaltern misery, the generous purple of His flowing robe, the steel gray of His checkered headgear, the saffron of His divine sacrifice, the textured ochre of His humanity. For, repetition is integral to the very definition of an icon, Suman had learnt from his father who is synonymous with his 'nayika', Radha.Ironically, in the body of work he leaves behind, he was once again painting tribal women. It would have formed a solo show, like so many he'd held since 1994, in Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Dubai, Singapore. Perhaps because he'd stopped worrying about following in his father's footstep, Suman had created a following of his own. \"Creating your own signature is more difficult than being your father's son - or a role model to your son,\" Suman once said to me. He succeeded in the former, but could not succeed in the latter. And the loss is shared by the community of art lovers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "11734673", "title": "Nayudamma award for Nasscom chairman", "text": "GUNTUR: Chairman of National Association of Software and Service Companies (Nasscom) Rajendra Singh Pawar has been selected for the prestigious Dr Y Nayudamma Memorial Award for the year 2011.Pawar is also chairman and co-founder of National Institute of Information Technology (NIIT) group and founder of NIIT University.Nayudamma Trust founder and managing trustee P Vishnu Murthy said here on Thursday that Pawar has been chosen for the award for his outstanding contribution to the IT Industry.The award, instituted by Dr Y Nayudamma Memorial Trust, Tenali, in 1986 in honour of renowned scientist and leather technologist Yelavarthi Nayudamma, is annually given to individuals who excel in development of science and technology in the country.Murthy said the award would be conferred on Pawar at a function to be held at Tenali on February 18. Supreme Court judge Jasti Chalameswar would be the chief guest.Top scientists like V Shanta, V K Saraswat, T Ramasami, A Sivathanu Pillai, Nori Dattatreyuudu, Sam Pitroda, G Madhavan Nair, Kota Harinarayana, V K Aatre, R Chidambaram, R A Mashelkar, J S Bajaj, K Kasturirangan, Verghese Kurien, S Z Qasim and M S Swaminathan are among the noted personalities who had received the award in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "almost 45 days ago, around 300 child beggars were rescued from the streets. toi revisited the children as they settled into their new lives", "code": "11735211", "title": "Rescued child beggars settle into school, and are loving it", "text": "Almost 45 days ago, around 300 child beggars were rescued from the streets. TOI revisited the children as they settled into their new lives: some are enjoying their student life, some are finding it tough to give up their old ways and yet others were taken home by their state governments. Here are some of their stories.Sapna, 9, was the poster girl of the anti-beggary campaign, Operation Rakshane. Her story shocked many and agitated others: she was forced to beg by a man she believed was her uncle. He would wake her up at 3am.. She had to catch a train from Yelahanka to the City Railway Station. She could not use a single penny from what she collected during the day and had to beg on an empty stomach.The target was to bring Rs 200 daily or get beaten. But the little girl had to earn a little more than Rs 200 for she had to eat with that extra money. Finally, she was rescued early December last year.Two months since, young Sapna is an LKG student at St Charles School and is loving it. On Monday, when TOI visited the school, her teacher had separated her and her best friend because they were talking too much. However, she promised to let them sit together if they didn't talk during class. Sapna's answer was a shy smile.\"When we enrolled her in school, her ambition was to become a doctor. Now, she wants to be a teacher,\" said Anil, a social worker with Oasis, the NGO taking care of Sapna.In the classroom, she started writing the alphabets. \"This is what I've learned,\" she pointed out. Sapna is five years older than her classmates but has many friends already. Her favourite subject is Kannada and she finds Math a bit hard to digest.Asked if she wanted to return to her uncle, she quickly declined. \"I want to study and finish school,\" she said.On December 2, 2011, NGO workers rescued Anitha, 7, and Lakshmi, 9, at the Yelahanka signal. Bharati, a widow, claimed that Lakshmi and Anitha were her children. Later, it was found that Anitha was Bharati's daughter, but Lakshmi was the daughter of Shantamma. They were sent back home.Both were now enrolled at Bagalur government school, but only Anitha is regular because Bharati is on the radar of the NGO. When TOI visited the school along with NGO workers, Lakshmi was missing, and had not come to school for weeks.Headmaster Hanume Gowda said he had spotted Lakshmi with her father, ragpicking.. When he demanded that he send her to school, there was no response. \"She seems a bright child, the fact that she's been on the streets has made very sharp. But she is not able to leave her past behind. We don't know if it's pressure from the parents or her own decision, but she is not coming to school,\" said Gowda.Anitha had just finished the midday meal, and came out to meet her visitors. Her new uniform was a bit loose, but she loved it. \"I come to school with the boy who lives next door... the teacher taught me a few songs and words,\" she said, and read out some words. \"She is able to read within a month. We're certain she'll be able to pick up lessons very soon,\" said Parvathy, her class teacher. The teachers said her past had made her street-smart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11734697", "title": "Congress most corrupt, says Dhote", "text": "YAVATMAL: Former MP Jambuwantrao Dhote on Thursday said that there are no moral values in the current political scenario and alleged the emergence of a trend of money and muscle-power.Addressing newspersons, Dhote charged the Congress party and its candidates in the ensuing zilla parishad and panchayat samiti polls, with being most corrupt. Therefore, Dhote said, he would appeal the voters to vote against any party - be it the NCP or the BJP - and not the Congress. To a question, he ruled out campaigning for any party.But Dhote's allegations seem to be in sharp contrast to political aspirations of his family members. Dhote's wife and former MLA Vijayatai Dhote quit Shiv Sena to join Congress few months ago. Vijayatai is presently the district president of the women's wing of Congress.Dhote's elder daughter Kranti Raut (Dhote) joined the NCP some days ago. Kranti is learnt to have lobbied for a Congress ticket from Wadgaon ZP constituency. But the party preferred Arati Raut over Kranti to contest on a Congress ticket.Dhote also demanded a CBI inquiry into, what he termed as 'unaccounted assets' amassed by the MPCC president Manikrao Thakre and sitting Rajya Sabha member Vijay Darda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734606", "title": "2G case: The man who holds the key to Chidambaram, UPA\u2019s future", "text": "NEW DELHI: All eyes are now on Special CBI judge O P Saini, whose decision on Saturday could turn the fortunes of home minister P Chidambaram and the UPA government.Judge Saini, who will be deciding on February 4 whether the CBI can probe the role of Chidambaram in the 2G scam, is going to great lengths to make sure he delivers a fitting order. On Wednesday, Saini adjourned the day-to-day hearing in the case till February 6, saying he needed \"sufficient time\" for considering the application.The 57-year-old judge, who was handpicked to preside over the spectrum trial, has had a distinguished career record. He started his career as a sub-inspector in the Delhi Police, which he joined in 1981. Hailing from Haryana, Saini's career trajectory led him to the bench when after six years in the police he appeared for the judicial magistrate examination and cleared it.Prior to the 2G scam, the Red Fort shootout case was his biggest assignment, where he handed out a death sentence to main accused Mohammad Arif and life imprisonment to six others. The death sentence given in 2005 was upheld by both the Delhi high court and the Supreme Court.In 2G scam proceedings, Saini remains unfazed by the presence of high-profile accused. While he hardly speaks in the courtroom and intently listens to legal arguments, his otherwise quiet persona, however, cannot be mistaken for indifference as he runs his court like a classroom.Treating everyone in the same vein - be it accused, their kin or journalists - Saini reprimands anyone who disturbs the decorum of the courtroom, much like a strict schoolmaster.Beneath that disciplinarian exterior though, Saini is known to be a polite and humble judge who prefers to reason out with the lawyers and has an eye for detail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736265", "title": "Court dismisses plea against lawyer", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Thursday dismissed a petition that challenged a lawyer's act to withdraw an appeal without instructions from his client.The court agreed with senior counsel A Y Sakhare that the client's written consent was not essential if the lawyer had acted in \"good faith and in the client's interest.\" The order is significant for the lawyer-client relationship and doesn't tie it down to rigidity, said a senior counsel. The case at hand was also significant as it revolved around a spacious old bungalow, 'Woodlawns', in Mahabaleshwar belonging to the erstwhile Nizam VII of Hyderabad.One Mirza Baig who claimed to be a legal heir of the Nizam had filed a civil suit before a judge in Satara for a declaration of his legal heirship and to restrain Herbell Hotels Pvt Ltd, which took over the property on lease, to sell or alienate it to third parties.In 2010, the Satara court rejected Baig's claim as it held that he failed to prove that he was the heir through Begum Iqbal, the Nizam's alleged widow. The court noted that the Nizam's financial advisor had stated that he had only one legally wedded wife who was not Begum Iqbal. Baig pointed out in the proceedings that after the Nizam's death in 1967 none of his heirs objected to Begum Iqbal being his legal wife too and he thus filed an appeal before the high court against the Satara court order which asked the hotel to undertake not to create third party rights.Sakhare, the hotel's counsel, agreed and after recording their statement, the court suggested withdrawal of the appeal as Baig's interest was thus protected. Baig's lawyer agreed to a withdrawal. But Baig was aggrieved and filed a review plea questioning the authority of his lawyer in acting without his explicit instructions. Sakhare said once a lawyer takes care of the interest of the client, his actions do not violate any norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11735023", "title": "Class-IX student beaten senseless", "text": "KOLKATA: A Class-IX student of the Ram Krishna Sangha Vidyamandir near Sinthi'r More on the northern fringes of the city had to be hospitalized on Thursday afternoon after being thrashed by his English teacher.The school authorities initially played down the incident and even asked students \"not to make it an issue\" because the \"school's reputation was at stake\".Nilanjan Chakraborty had been absent from school for 10 days due to his grandmother's death. On Thursday morning, English teacher Sukanta Roy asked Nilanjan if he had prepared for the class.\"Nilanjan told the teacher that he had not attended school for several days and would make up by going through the lessons completed by his friends in class. We are not very sure what happened after that but the teacher seems to have lost his temper. He first asked Nilanjan to stand and then made him do sit-ups while holding his ears. Not satisfied with this, the teacher slapped him and then thrashed him on the head with a ruler,\" said Sudip Dasgupta, the boy's neighbour.School authorities seem to have panicked when Nilanjan lost consciousness. The boy's parents were summoned to school and the teacher was asked to lay low to avoid further complications. According to Dasgupta, the boy was unconscious when they reached the school. Nilanjan was shifted to a private hospital near the school where doctors did their best to revive him.\"He regained consciousness for some time and then fell unconsciousness again. At that point, doctors felt that something was seriously wrong with the boy and asked for a CT scan. Initially, when we spoke to the headmaster of the school, he sounded unrepentant. He told us to take whatever steps we can against him and the school. Later, the headmaster and teachers joined Nilanjan's classmates outside the hospital. The headmaster was heard telling other students not to make an issue of the matter as the school's reputation is at stake,\" Dasgupta said.The boy's condition improved to some extent later in the evening and doctors admitted him to the hospital. By 7.30 pm, he was being administered an intravenous drip. He had regained consciousness and narrated his trauma to his parents.\"This was an unfortunate incident. I am aware that any form of physical punishment has been banned in schools but some teachers are yet to change their ways. Fortunately, the boy was not very seriously injured but he did lose consciousness for a few minutes. I retire in eight months. This was an unfortunate thing to happen at the fag end of my career,\" school headmaster Sunil Kumar Halder told the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736339", "title": "Huge step forward for Navi Mum airport", "text": "MUMBAI: In a huge boost to the Navi Mumbai airport project, the Bombay High Court on Thursday allowed the state to rectify a mistake that had virtually handed over 157 acres to a local family.A division bench of Justice D K Deshmukh and Justice S B Deshmukh allowed the state to withdraw its statement in 2005 that the family was owner of the land in Ulwe village, Panvel. Further, in an interim order, the HC allowed Cidco to go ahead with the construction after an assurance that the land would be not be used for any commercial activity that was not connected to the airport.\"It is clear from the records that the land was in the possession of Cidco for a long time and is required for the construction of the new airport,\" observed the judgesThe 157 acres had been claimed by Gangaram Bhiwalkar, arguing that the plot was given to his family as inam land (gift from rulers).The state made a statement in 2005, conceding ownership of the land to the Bhiwalkars. Last year, Cidco dragged the state to court.Senior advocate V A Thorat and advocate Ashutosh Kulkarni, counsels for Cidco, said though the land originally belonged to the Bhiwalkar family, the government had taken it over after Independence. In 1973, the government had handed over the land to Cidco to develop Navi Mumbai, the authority said.The Bhiwalkars sought monetary compensation as well as alternative land admeasuring 12.5% of the Ulwe plot. Cidco's lawyers said providing 19 acres would cost them hundreds of crores.Advocate-general Ravi Kadam said the state's 2005 statement was a mistake as the revenue and finance departments had not been consulted. \"It cannot be definitely said that the owner of the land is the Bhiwalkar family or that the land vests with the state on the basis of mere statements,\" said the judges, while keeping the issue of ownership pending. The HC said if the Bhilwakars were able to establish ownership, the state could acquire the land and compensate the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11736079", "title": "Anbumani lambasts 'immature' Vijayakanth", "text": "COIMBATORE: Former Union Minister and PMK Leader Dr Anbumani Ramadoss on Thursday dubbed DMDK supremo and opposition leader Vijayakanth as politically immature and unrealistic. Talking to media persons here on the sidelines of the regional executive meeting of his party, Anbumani said that the comments chief minister J Jayalalitha made about Vijayakanth during the assembly session on Wednesday, were absolutely true.\"Neither Vijayakanth nor his party have any political credibility. It is a curse upon the state that the party emerged the main opposition party in the assembly,\" he charged.Anbumani also said that Vijayakanth's performance in the assembly over the last six months was mediocre.His party was firm about not forging an alliance with any of the Dravidian parties and would form a third front under the PMK leadership.\"We have taken a new decision to form an alliance under our leadership and we are working on that,\" he said. The former union health minister also mooted a regulatory council in the state to check private hospitals from exploiting the people. He urged the chief minister to enhance the quality of healthcare in state-run hospitals.When asked about the employment possibilities of nurses in government institutions, Ramadoss said his party favours reservation of at least 50 percent in government jobs, for those who studied in government nursing colleges.He also brought the chief minister to book for the delay in rehabilitation of Cyclone Thane victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734218", "title": "Will Modi campaign in UP?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Will Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi campaign in Uttar Pradesh? Modi, who did not address a single election meeting in Punjab and Uttarakhand, has been conspicuous by his absence from BJP's poll campaign in UP too. Senior BJP leaders say a sulking Modi may stay out of UP, where his bete noire Sanjay Joshi is the party's poll in-charge.Modi had skipped the last national executive meeting of BJP after party president Nitin Gadkari put Joshi at the helm for UP polls. Modi is also learnt to have been upset with the party leadership for remaining non-committal over his claim for the BJP's prime ministerial candidate for 2014.Moreover, the party's prospects in UP is another reason Modi feels to stay away. On the face of it, Modi's aides maintain that the CM will be busy with his Sadbhavana fast till February 12 and chances of his skipping this event to go to UP are bleak.The BJP's campaign doesn't seem to have made an impact so far. The decision to induct former BSP man Kushwaha has only worsened party's chances here.\"The mess within BJP's UP unit is like Gujarat Congress. There are too many cooks to spoil the meal. Why waste time there,\" said a BJP leader believed to be close to Modi. The leader is quick to add that the final picture will emerge over the next few days.While rest of the BJP chief ministers including Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Prem Kumar Dhumal, Raman Singh and even Uttarakhand chief minister B C Khanduri, have given dates for campaigning in UP, Modi's consent is still awaited.The first phase of polling in UP, which covers districts of Faizabad, Sitapur, Barabanki, Kanpur Dehat, Bahraich, Shrawasti, Balrampur, Gonda, Siddharthnagar and Basti, will be held on February 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11738220", "title": "Falak taken off ventilator, shows signs of improvment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two-year-old Falak, who has been battling for life at the AIIMS here, has shown signs of improvement and was taken off ventilator on Friday.Doctors said if she responds positively for another few days, they will be able to conduct another life saving surgery on her.\"She was put off ventilator at 6am. After checking her blood parameters we can say that her septicaemia problem might be responding positively to the antibiotics. But she continues to remain critical and stable,\" neurosurgeon Dr Deeepak Agarwal said.She was brought to the hospital on January 18 with severe head injury, both her arms broken, bite marks all over her body and her cheeks branded with hot iron.The teenage girl, who brought her there claiming to be her mother, had cited a fall from the bed as the reason for the child's pathetic state.Falak has already undergone two life saving surgeries till now.Doctors had yesterday stated that the child has developed high chances of multi-organ failure as the organism that has caused infection in the brain are there in the chest and entered the blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11740267", "title": "The Colour Compound planning first music album", "text": "Their band name may sound like the result of a lab experiment, but in reality the boys from The Colour Compound are regular, young blokes.The band comprises Rohan Mazumdar (guitar/vocals), Bradley Tellis (guitar/vocals), Aditya Ashok (drums), Adil Kurwa (bass) and Rhys D'souza (keyboard/saxophone).They banded in October 2008, with Rhys being the newest addition. Of these, only Aditya (also a drummer for Shaair + Func, and has a solo drum 'n' bass project called Ox7gen) and Rhys are full-time musicians. Rohan (ex-member of Something Relevant) and Bradley (ex-member of Thrice9) hold day jobs working for an event management company, while Adil works as a playlist programmer. Sincerely Yours was their first EP that was launched and released online in June 2011.The band started off as a duo when Bradley in college at St Xavier's, where they performed as an acoustic duo for the college fest Malhar. Later, Bradley's friend Aditya and Adil teamed up together to form The Colour Compound.When asked about the band's name, Rohan explains, \"The word 'colour' represents the moods, emotions and sounds of the band's music. And 'compound' simply because Bradley and I would sit at the back of my building compound writing songs, paying melodies and chill out.\" The quintet usually meets at Aditya's place over the weekends for jam sessions and have been doing so from the very beginning.The Colour Compound say their songs are about \"real stuff\" and are \"non-flufffy\", addressing everyday situations they have to face.Can't Afford To Cry is about being strong in the worst of situations; You Are Everywhere has been written by Rohan and is dedicated to his late father, while Can't Be Mine is about unrequited love.Though the band's sound can be roughly described as a mish-mash of pop and alternative rock, Rohan says they still haven't defined themselves. All the boys have different tastes in music, and collectively the band is \"inspired rather than influenced\" by artists like Dave Matthews Band, Incubus, Fink and Young The Giant.Rohan says that they don't intend to spread any message through their music but rather \"spread music\". He calls for support for original English music in India through indie musicans like them.Having performed recently at a popular live music venue in South Mumbai, the boys are currently in the writing stage for their first full-fledged music album.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11733671", "title": "108 ambulance facilitates 1,658 institutional deliveries in rural areas", "text": "JAIPUR: The 108 ambulance service is apparently making a contribution towards bringing down the infant mortality rate (IMR) in rural Rajasthan as around 1,658 delivery cases were reported to108 ambulances in 2011 and 75% of them were from rural areas.\"In 2011, the service transported around 5.20 lakh patients, of which 1.32 lakh were pregnant women who were transported for deliveries,\" ZHCL chief executive officer Sweta Mangal said.She said that since 1,658 delivery cases were recorded, the ambulances saved lives of many pregnant women and infants. \"Had these 1,658 deliveries not been facilitated by ambulances, they would have happened at some unsafe places on failing to reach hospitals in time. In rural Rajasthan, the hospitals are very far away. In some districts, the nearest hospital is more than 100 km away. So ambulances play an important role in such emergency situations.\"The service is the only transportation facility available in villages and can further bring down the IMR but the obstacles cited by the 108 ambulances service provider Ziqitza Health Care limited (ZHCL) officials are that pregnant women's attendants call at the last stage of delivery. They also claimed in some cases they are not even provided the complete address.To strengthen the facility in rural areas, now 108 ambulances have been launched at block levels. In each block, the government has deployed at least one ambulance. \"From January 15, we will operate 464 ambulances across the state. The figure was 366 in November. It shows we have more ambulances for the rural areas,\" Mangal said.She said that under the Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna, the service is providing transportation to pregnant women from home to hospital and hospital to home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734033", "title": "HC tells AIIMS to examine Katara killers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Thursday asked AIIMS to set up a medical board to examine Nitish Katara murder case convicts Vikas and Vishal Yadav, terming their frequent visits to various hospitals from Tihar Jail as \"unreasonable\".The court also asked the jail authorities to file a report on the number of security personnel deployed for their security during their visits to hospitals.A bench of Justices Gita Mittal and V K Shali asked the jail authorities to produce medical records of the two. The medical board will examine the duo at 11am on February 7 and the AIIMS authorities have to file the report in the court.\"Before passing any order, the bench would like to know the present health condition of the convicts,\" the court said after going through the jail records on their treatment at AIIMS and Batra Hospital. It also asked the hospitals to produce their medical records within three weeks.\"These are unreasonable visits. No record suggested the treatment for TB was given to them. It appeared there was no need of their hospital visit,\" the bench said while going through the records that stated Vishal visited Batra Hospital more than 40 times while Vikas went to AIIMS for over 80 times.The court asked AIIMS to submit the medical records of Vikas, since 2008 till date, in a sealed cover by February 24, and asked Batra Hospital to produce the same pertaining to Vishal's treatment since 2002. HC took serious note of Vikas' stay in an 'A-class luxury room' in a private ward of AIIMS from October 10 to November 4, 2011, during which nothing was done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11739336", "title": "US proposes changes in H-1B, F-1 visas", "text": "WASHINGTON: Amidst pending comprehensive immigration reform, the United States has proposed several steps - including changes in the F-1 and H-1B visas - to attract foreign skilled workforce, a move likely to benefit professionals from countries like India.Prominent among these reforms include providing work authorisation for spouses of certain H-1B visa holders, 17-month extension of optional practical training (OPT) for F-1 international students to include students with a prior degree in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics, allow for additional part-time study for spouses of F-1 students and allow outstanding professors and researchers to present a broader scope of evidence of academic achievement.In addition, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) announced that on February 22, it would launch its 'Entrepreneurs in Residence' initiative with an Information Summit in Silicon Valley .This will bring together high-level representatives from the entrepreneurial community, academia and federal government agencies to discuss how to maximize current immigration laws' potential to attract foreign entrepreneurial talent.These moves are in support of President Barack Obama's, efforts to meet 21st century national security and economic needs, the Department of Homeland Security said, adding that he is deeply committed to fixing our broken immigration system so that it meets national security and economic needs.As a part of comprehensive immigration reform, Obama supports legislative measures that would attract and retain immigrants who create jobs and boost competitiveness in the US, including creating a \" Startup Visa,\" strengthening the H-1B programme, and \"stapling\" green cards to the diplomas of certain foreign-born graduates in science, technology, engineering and math ( STEM) fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11736652", "title": "AIDS awareness campaign reaches city on wheels", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Holding a flagstick between his teeth and riding a bicycle sans seat, chain and brakes with just his hands moving the wheel. Lakshmikant Mohanty (38) and his wife Manorama (32) are on a tour of India to create awareness on HIV. Their tour that started from their village, Rajnagar in Odisha, on July 20 has since taken them through Odisha, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. The couple reached the state capital on Wednesday evening.The couple, who have taken their campaign to public places like bus stands and colleges, hope to cover the whole country in three years. They have so far covered 12 districts in Odisha, 16 in Andhra Pradesh. It was after two HIV deaths and two girls getting affected by the disease that Lakshmikant, an ayurveda doctor, decided to embark on this mission. The couple has left their two children behind under the care of their relatives in their village. \"We had Rs 40,000 when we started off. But we have now started facing financial problems. There were days when we had just a packet of bread,\" says Lakshmikant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11736023", "title": "Bharathiar University awaits approval to install solar plant", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Bharathiar University will install a solar plant in its premises and is awaiting funds from the ministry of non-conventional energy sources, said vice-chancellor C Swaminathan on Wednesday.R T Rajendra Kumar said the proposal is to set up a solar plant of one megawatt. It will have the capacity to expand to five megawatts. This will cost approximately Rs 60 crore. \"Once work starts, we may be able to finish the project within a year. The excess power will be sold to the electricity board,\" says Kumar.Kumar said they have submitted the proposal, but are yet to get sanction. \"We want to make our university an environment friendly campus. We hope to demonstrate to the industries that this is a viable project. We even plan to offer the facility whereby students can learn about solar panels in a hands-on way,\" he said.He said that they plan to create a separate department to deal with energy generation. \"This will help for specialised studies on energy generation. In the long term, it will be an opportunity for academicians and researchers to learn about the topic,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734471", "title": "Industry for Yanam probe", "text": "HYDERABAD: The recent violence at the Regency Ceramics unit at Yanam has raised the hackles of the industry, which has called for a probe into the tragic incident as it could have a negative impact not only on the business environment in Puducherry but across the country as well.Expressing deep shock and concern, CII southern region chairman TT Ashok termed the deaths of Regency Ceramics president (operations and maintenance) and trade union leader MS Murali Mohan as highly regrettable and the loss of livelihood to many employees of Regency Ceramics as unfortunate.\"While the rights of employees are to be respected, unnecessary violence and chaos causes tremendous loss to the community, employees and industry. CII urges the government of Puducherry to constitute a high level committee to inquire into this incident and provide security and protection to all public and private properties as well as industrial establishments.\"Strongly condemning the burning down of the factory premises and the tragic deaths, the apex trade and industry body in the state -- Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Fapcci) -- said that such acts of vandalism, hooliganism and violence will seriously affect the industrial peace and relations in the state.\"The incident is a blot on the very process of collective bargaining, intended to amicably resolve differences between management and employees. The incident is an indication that undesirable elements are gaining access to the collective bargaining and negotiating process, disrupting the industrial relations between management and employees and is endangering the well-maintained and peaceful industrial climate in the state.\"Fapcci urged the state government to immediately conduct an enquiry into the untoward incident and ensure that necessary preventive and preemptive steps are taken to see that this incident shall not set a trend in the peaceful industrial climate obtaining in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11737734", "title": "Non-bailable arrest warrant against jailor", "text": "INDORE: The Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) Court on Wednesday issued non-bailable arrest warrant against superintendent of Bhopal jail Lalji Mishra in Pappu Bhagirath murder case.The Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court on Tuesday rejected anticipatory bail application of Mishra saying that the evidence points out at the involvement of Mishra. After issuing the arrest warrant, court directed the MG Road police to produce Mishra before the court on February 7.Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court on Tuesday had rejected the anticipatory bail application of superintendent of Bhopal Central Jail Lalji Mishra in the Puppu Bhagirath custodial death case that took place in 2007. The court in its order stated that the evidences put forth by some witnesses showed the involvement of Mishra in the case. After HC's orders, the CJM court took up the matter on Wednesday and issued non-bailable arrest warrant through MG Road police.On March 7, 2007, Pappu, who was lodged in the Central Jail here, died under suspicious circumstances. Mishra was the then superintendent of Central Jail, Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736253", "title": "\u2018Navy raised threat claim at later date\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Additional metropolitan commissioner of MMRDA S V R Srinivas on Thursday questioned the Navy for waking up late to the security risk posed by Adarsh building. \"It is surprising that the Navy had slept on the matter (building) for so many years and raised the objections to the membership (in 2010) and the security threat at a later date,\" Srinivas told the judicial commission while claiming that Adarsh had complied with the rules.\"There was no need for the condition imposed in the commencement certificate issued to Adarsh which required the society to obtain an NOC from the Army before starting construction,\" he added. A CBI court rejected the pleas seeking defreezing of accounts filed by P V Deshmukh, former deputy secretary and an accused in the Adarsh scam, and ex-civic chief Jairaj Phatak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738536", "title": "13 Kay Kay Menons in one film", "text": "Sanjeev Kumar essayed nine characters in the 1974 film Naya Din Nayi Raat. Kamal Haasan beat that with his 10-character portrayal in the KS Ravikumar directed Dasavatharam in 2008.Priyanka Chopra went one up on the two actors by playing 12 roles in Ashutosh Gowariker's What's Your Rashee a year later. And now, Kay Kay Menon is set to break even Priyanka's record by essaying 13 roles in Makrand Deshpande's Dream Man. The film is produced by Deepak Gupta from Friday Rush Motion Pictures.About the film, producer Deepak Gupta informed Mumbai Mirror, \"We did not want follow the trend and remake a Hollywood or south Indian film. the idea was to create a different film that is relevant in today's times. We are a new production house and we want to make meaningful cinema. We saw Makrand's play Ek Kadam Age and we loved it. That's when we decided to make a film on the same lines. And who could be better than Makrand to direct the film? So he was roped in. The film is now racing towards completion.\"Refusing to reveal much about the many roles to be essayed by Kay Kay Menon, Gupta simply said, \"We wouldn't like to talk about the film too much at this juncture. All I can say is that Kay Kay will be seen in the role of a pandit, a cop, an auto driver, a coconut seller etc. It is a unique script and Kay Kay is a fantastic actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11736452", "title": "How far is too far on the internet? Are today's children overexposed to technology?", "text": "The new generation is tech-savvy and trying to restrict them is a difficult task. They can easily outsmart parents. Availability of technology is not the problem, but the content children browse is an area of concern. The responsibility of a child rests with the parents, so they should channelize children's energy in the right direction and also keep a quiet vigil.Poile Sengupta | Writer, educationistChildren should never be restricted from using technology. The more you make any particular content a mystery, the more a child will go and find out what it is. Parents should be open about these sites and explain about the content they shouldn't look out for. I feel children should be given a free hand. They will understand as they grow up.TV Mohandas Pai | Chairman, Manipal Global EducationIn today's world, we cannot protect or insulate children from technology. It has become a part of life and our future. It is important for parents to be by their children's side when they use technology and teach them the right way to utilize it. We must try to help children in using technology for their advantage so that it helps in their overall development.Dr Aloma Lobo | Chairperson, Adoption Coordinating AgencyI don't agree that kids are over-exposed to technology . It is the demand of the situation. I feel we are equipping them to handle future situations in a better manner, otherwise they will be handicapped and fall behind their counterparts in other countries. We must encourage children to use technology in a correct manner. Kids today are very smart, they just need positive feedback.S Susheela | Advocate, high court'How much is too much' is a debatable question. Technology should be used to increase knowledge. A child should be able to share and interact through technology . It should not be used to please the child and also not become a priority in a child's life. Technology should not control either the life of the child or parent . Children should be taught not to be dependent on technology, but use it for their benefit.Dr G P Gururaj | Consultant psychiatristChildren should definitely be exposed to technology, which is just a tool. Care should be taken that a child does not become a slave to it. Parents should expose their child to art, sports , literature and current affairs as well. Otherwise , children will get hooked to technology and their development will be unidirectional.Suresh Senapaty | Executive Director, Wipro Ltd", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11736617", "title": "KSRP to probe forgery by cops", "text": "MYSORE: The Karnataka State Reserve Police (KSRP) on Thursday said it will investigate the case of police personnel trying to procure sites from MUDA submitting forged documents.The KSRP commandant (V battalion) Krishnappa said he received information about the case and will launch a probe. Of the 12 cops accused in the case, 10 are attached to the V battalion, he told TOI. One is serving in XI battalion based at Hassan and another is attached to Indian reserve battalion stationed at Bijapur, he said. \"This is a serious case and we will probe it,\" he stated. The 12 cops are facing charges of trying to procure the sites clandestinely forging the sanction letters.Krishnappa said he has written to MUDA commissioner requesting him to furnish details of the case. The information will be dispatched to KSRP chief in Bangalore for further action, he said. According to him, the V battalion was earlier attached to Special Task Force (STF) formed to nab the forest bandit Veerappan.The city police too have collected documents from the urban local body about the case but have not initiated any action. It is awaiting a directive from the government. The MUDA too is looking at the government for further action.MUDA commissioner C G Betsurmath said the city police and the KSRP commandant collected details of the case. \"There is no directive from the government as of now and we will act as per the directive,\" he said.Police commissioner K L Sudheer said: \"All 12 cops who applied for sites under a provision in MUDA were part of the STF.According to preliminary report, they were eligible for sites along with other STF personnel, but not in Mysore. The top cop said he will act according to his seniors' direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11735028", "title": "Suspension threat drove teens to suicide, say parents", "text": "KOLKATA: The two Class-VIII students of Julien Day School, Ganganagar, who jumped off a terrace in a suicide pact on Wednesday evening were top-rankers and were awarded medals only hours before they tried to kill themselves. The girl died on the spot and the boy is battling for life in hospital. Their only fault seems to have been that they skipped a PT session and stayed back in the classroom.The kids' parents and classmates allege that the principal, M Mcnamara, had threatened them with suspension. The teenagers were detained at the principal's office, grilled for an hour, and told to report back with their parents, say schoolmates. The principal denies that the duo was threatened with suspension. TOI is withholding the victims' names.The parents of the victims have closed ranks and believe the school pushed them over the edge by over-reacting to the situation. \"My daughter was a good student and extremely well-behaved. The boy who jumped with her was the first-boy in class and they were good friends. Both were summoned during a class, taken to the principal's office and interrogated. My daughter's classmates have told me that they were threatened with suspension, which must have left them feeling scared and humiliated. She wouldn't have committed suicide had she not been treated very harshly in school,\" said the girl's mother Saswati Dam. Her father Deepak said he was contemplating a police complaint against the school authorities.The principal, however, denies the kids were treated harshly. \"They had skipped a PT class and I sought an explanation. They were both asked to see me with their parents on Thursday. Suspension was not mentioned at all,\" he said. A classmate, on the other hand, said that the two were warned that they could be expelled from school.The girl's parents accused the school authorities of negligence in the death of their only child. The principal and teachers should have realized that the students would be dejected after being pulled up and should have ensured that they took the school bus, said Deepak Dam. \"It's surprising how no one bothered to check their whereabouts after school. Why were they allowed to take an autorickshaw instead of the school bus?\" asked Deepak.The two went to the boy's home in Dum Dum after school. His parents were not at home. His sister said that they went into his room and worked on the computer for a while. \"I did not notice when they slipped out and went up to the terrace,\" she said. Police say the two jumped off the four-storey building together.The boy's mother, who is a doctor, admitted him to a nursing home. The girl was taken by some locals to a hospital where she died.The police are yet to fully 'decipher' the suicide note left by the two students. It apparently holds no one responsible for their death but also mentions that 'nobody understood them'. \"It also says that they loved their families and were forced to take the extreme step. But the note is not very coherent and does not clearly specify a reason. We are looking into the case. It seems the two had a relationship,\" said Biswajit Ghosh, additional deputy commissioner of police, Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11737678", "title": "Discom's move to hike power tariff opposed", "text": "INDORE: Challenging the decision of MP Western Power Distribution Company (MPWPDC) to hike the power tariff by 27% from 2012-13, a city-based NGO has filed a complaint with MP Electricity Regulatory Commission alleging that the company's decision was unjust.Convenor of Vikas Drishti Mitra 2050, Kishore Kodwani, alleged that the company manipulated the figures to show losses, whereas the fact was that the company did not incur any loss.\"Therefore, there is no need to hike the tariff. The decision will have adverse impact on the industrial sector and it would put additional burden on the common man,\" said Kodwani. He further said that at a time when many companies evinced interest in investing in the city and the region, it was not proper to hike the tariff.As per the complaint, the distribution company claimed to have incurred losses to the tune of Rs 3,000 crore and on that basis, the company wanted to hike the tariff in a bid to fill the loss.However, the complainant alleged that MPWPDC showed inflated operating cost of Rs 1,182 crore and deflated revenue receipts of Rs 1,261 crore. The recovery of Rs 250 core in the form of penalty was allegedly not mentioned in the annual balance sheet. The complainant alleged that the company's account book did not mention the grant of Rs 960 core that it received from the government against the subsidy given to farmers. The grand total of these figures stood at Rs 3,653 crore, claimed Kodwani.\"Accordingly, the company is in profit of Rs 653 crore and there is no need to hike the power tariff,\" said Kodwani.Elaborating his point, he said that for the past several years, consumption had been increasing at a rate of 6.83% per year. In 2010-11, the consumption was 10.558 million units, which rose to 11,807 million units in 2011-12. At this rate, consumption for 2012-13 would be 12,633 million units but the company has shown the expected consumption figure of 14,680 million units, which is 17.34% more than the previous year's figure and demanded Rs 7,272 crore for the state government for purchasing 14,680 million units from the central pool. Here also, Rs 1,261 core more wash quoted than the amount required for purchasing power to meet the actual demand, Kodwani claimed.Similarly, the distribution loss in 2008-09 was 46.64% and it has been brought down to 24.33% in 2011-12. The distribution losses are expected to be just 20% for the year 2012-13. \"The distribution losses has been on the decline for past five years. This has pushed the unit consumption of electricity from 9,883 millions units in 2008-09 to 11,807 million units in 2011-12. But amount of electricity units purchased has remained the same.\"This means expanses were the same but the income increased and the company is claiming to be at loss,\" alleged Kodwani.Officials at MPWPDC refused to comment on the issue saying that there was no anomalies in the accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734966", "title": "Building collapse: NMC, NIT have no plan to check weak buildings", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though it is crystal clear that Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) was guilty of not checking the poor quality of construction of the Kalamna building, two civic agencies - NIT and NMC - are clueless as to what should be done in future so that such incidents are not repeated.As per Nagpur high court directives, it is mandatory for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) - and therefore NIT too - to check the construction at the plinth level and then after construction of every storey. But this is hardly done. Occupancy certificate (OC) is issued only after checking whether the structure has been constructed as per the building plan. As most of the buildings violate norms it is evident that this too is not done. Similarly, every building should have a structural stability certificate from NMC but nobody applies for it.Sources in NMC said that 90% buildings in the city do not have occupancy certificate, which is mandatory. However, NMC and NIT have so far not taken action against a single building owner or contractor.NIT superintending engineer Sunil Gujjelwar said that the agency would now draw up plan to ensure that building owners obtain OCs. NMC's assistant director (town planning) DK Gosavi said that it was mandatory and people should obtain it. When asked about steps to ensure that owners obtain OCs, he said that this was the domain of higher officials.Sources said that not only the structure was weak, there were two illegal floors. \"The construction was of very poor quality. The contractor had used 10mm steel roads instead of minimum 12mm. In case of warehouses it should be 18 mm. As per norms, there should be minimum six bars but there were only four. Moreover, the column should have been of minimum 9x12cm whereas it was only 9cmx9cm.\"NIT officials tried to deflect their responsibility by saying that the building plan was sanctioned in August 2010 and the construction was still going on. Gujjelwar claimed that it was not NIT's job to check structural strength but this was the job of the architect. In any case, NMC and NIT do not have experts to check structural strength.Architect Pradyumna Sahasrabhojanee said that there were no by-laws for monitoring the construction but only for sanctioning. \"Even if an expert is not supervising the structure it is not weak unless there are rampant violations, which seems to be the case here. NMC and NIT can certainly check the construction quality but if they start doing it, experience shows that they will misuse their powers rather than monitor the work.\"Sahasrabhojanee feels that NMC and NIT should not be asked to check each and every building as nobody would build a poor quality house for himself. \"Construction of public and industrial buildings should be monitored.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "khammam", "code": "11734561", "title": "State govt neglecting ryots, says Karat", "text": "KHAMMAM: CPM strongman Prakash Karat said the AP government had neglected the agriculture sector leading to suicide of 160 farmers in the last couple of months. He said both the Congress government in the state and the UPA government at the Centre had only encouraged corporates at the expense of farmers.Speaking at the 23rd state-level meeting of the CPM here on Thursday, Karat said all the 11 communist parties would come together to evolve a joint action plan to fight against government's `anti-people' policies.He said the common man was facing hardship due to ever-increasing prices of petrol, essential commodities, vegetables and other products but the central and state governments were not taking initiative to arrest the price spiral.Senior leaders Sitaram Yechury, Brinda Karat, Thammineni Veerabhadram, B V Raghavulu and others are taking part in the meeting, which would conclude with a public meeting on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734887", "title": "Forest dept, bird lovers survey lakes on World Wetlands Day", "text": "NAGPUR: The city, which boasts of a number of lakes and water bodies, observed February 2 as World Wetlands Day. This day marks the adoption of the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands in 1971, which was a landmark in the conservation of water bodies across the globe.Bird lovers and the forest department came together to observe the day and prepare detailed reports for conservation of wetlands in and around Nagpur. Ambazari, Telangkhedi and Koradi lakes were chosen for this survey.Wetlands are defined as areas submerged in water either temporarily or permanently. They support extensive biodiversity and are a very important part of the ecosystem. \"Even from birding point of view, wetlands are of immense importance and a large variety of birds flock there,\" said Tarun Balpande, bird lover from the city.He also informed that it was the brain child of principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF) AK Joshi to organize a joint survey of wetlands by bird watching groups and the department. \"Around 35 volunteers from Nagpur Birds, Bird Katta, Vidarbha Nature Club (VNC) and the forest department took part in the exercise,\" Balpande said.The survey was carried out to find the reasons for the decline in number of birds coming to these places. It was found that fishing and other illegal activities like hunting are playing havoc with the avifauna around the wetlands.A detailed report of the findings from the survey will be submitted to the forest department within the next week so that suitable action can be taken in the regard. \"Small steps, like posting of a forest guard near the wetlands, can help a lot,\" Balpande said.In another programme to mark World Wetlands Day, eminent conservationist Gopal Thosar expressed dismay at the state of water bodies. He wrote sarcastically, \"The pollution is so bad that my ashes should be immersed into the drainage instead of some river.\"\"Anyway all the drainage goes directly into these water bodies without any proper treatment. So my family will save the money and effort of going to the river ,\" his letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11735118", "title": "Goons attack two for resisting illegal paddy purchase", "text": "KOLKATA: More than 100 armed miscreants attacked two youth Trinamool leaders after they protested against purchasing paddy from Bihar and Jharkhand through agents on Thursday. The incident took place at Dhanalaxmi Rice Mill in Gopegram in Nabagram. The youths, Champalal Ghosh and Aftabuddin were critically injured. Ghosh alleged that they had We had informed the administration about how the unlicenced rice mill how an unlicenced rice mill was procured paddy illegally from agents and ignored the local farmers but nobody paid attention, alleged one youth.Even we told rice miller on Wednesday and he told us that they were not procuring any paddy as it would take time to start the mill. But, we stopped 15 lorry loaded lorries from Jharkhand and Bihar today morning and we were talking with rice mill owner. Suddenly, 100 miscreants came with sticks and rod and attacked me and I fell down on earth. Aftabuddin Sheikh tried to shield me and the goons attacked him. His head was fractured. Miscreants escaped on two lorries abusing us.'Local teacher Safatullah Sheikh alleged 'such rice mill owners and C.P.M leaders have nexus with paddy agents and they are trying to malign new government's image. So, they are disobeying government instruction and creating problem. Local M.L.A Kanai Mondal was present at Gopegram during attack.' Champalal Ghosh and Aftabuddin lodged F.I.R against rice miller and miscreants. S.P. Humayun Kabir said 'we have started inquiry on the incident. How miscreants attacked two men inside rice mill campus? We shall take action against culprits.'Sudipto Chakraborty, B.D.O, Nabagram said 'we are not concerned on paddy purchasing. Food supply department would take action against rice miller if they do something wrong.' Samir Deb, district food controller said 'according to our record, Dhanalaxmi Rice Mill has no license to us and they do not pay levy to government. As a unregistered rice mill we have nothing to do. Police should take action against illegal stock of paddy.' Joy Maruthi, owner of the rice mill said 'we have not started the mill yet. We are purchasing paddy very little. Two T.M.C leaders came to me to talk with me. I do not know who attacked them, some outsiders came and attacked. As the gate was open for ongoing construction works to enter labourers.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11737931", "title": "Coordinators told to give information by February 8", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government is now compiling the data of admissions given to the children belonging to BPL families under the Right to Education Act. In Bhopal alone,there were as many as 12000 applications against 9000 available seats in prestigious public schools. The admissions took place on January 31.Rajya Shiksha Kendra (RSK) has issued a circular whereby the information of the number of such children in various private schools of the state would have to be given by the district project coordinators (DPC) by February 8.The circular issued on Wednesday, the DPCs would have to submit to the RSK all the information related to the admission of the BPL children. Information pertaining to the total number of private schools in the district, 25 % of total number of seats as per RTE Act, total number applications received till January 25 and the number of BPL children selected on January 31 during the lottery procedure.The last date of applications for BPL children admission was January 25. The lottery procedure in the private schools across the state was held on January 31.In some schools like Bal Bhawan, Shyamla Hills of Bhopal, the lottery procedure was disputed as parents complained against the definition of 'neighbourhood' wards eligible for the lottery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11735206", "title": "Liquor worth 1.2 lakh seized at Anjuna, Ponda", "text": "PANAJI: Excise department officials have seized liquor worth 1.2 lakh in the past two days.On Wednesday, Ponda excise officials seized liquor worth 90,000. Superintendent S Talaulikar said three premises were raided, which included two apartments and a bar. One hundred and thirty-seven cartons of assorted Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) and 45 cartons of beer were seized. Bardez excise officials seized 110 bulk litres of liquor worth 30,000 on the same day in Anjuna. The liquor consisted of seven cartons of IMFL beer and two cartons of foreign liquor. tnnTwo cases have been booked by excise officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11738022", "title": "2G scam: SC verdict may affect 10,000 jobs in telecom sector", "text": "BANGALORE: The Supreme Court order canceling 121 2G spectrum licences is likely to impact around 10,000 jobs in the telecom sector. Telecom sector experts estimate that the operations in the cancelled licences involve approximately 4,000 direct jobs and over 6,000 indirect jobs. These are in areas like telecom sales, customer support and tower management and maintenance.Uninor with over 2,000 people in India will perhaps be the most badly impacted. Etisalat and S-Tel are yet to start their services, and so have a limited number of people - about 500 in Etisalat and 200 in S-Tel as per some estimates. \"Every direct job in telecom creates another two or three jobs outside,'' said Kriti Srivastav, an HR professional.The bigger issue is, those who lose jobs will not find it easy to find alternatives within industry. Baburajan K, lead analyst at the telecom focused portal TelecomLead.com, noted that telecom has been going through a turbulent period and thousands of telecom jobs are vanishing globally. \"Nokia Siemens Network alone is cutting some 17,000 jobs,\" he said.Kris Lakshmikanth, CEO of recruitment firm The Head Hunters India, says almost all players in India, including Airtel , Vodafone, Tata Docomo, and Reliance have lately rationalised their people base. \"The sector is seeing only very limited and need-based hiring.During 2008 and 2009, telecom professionals used to jump jobs with salary hikes of 50%. But in 2011, many had to accept offers at a 30% cut. Today, even such offers are not available,'' Lakshmikanth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11740225", "title": "Faculty crunch dogs B-Schools", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian business school classrooms have been growing in size over the past decade, spurred by rising demand for management professionals. Top institutes are opening new campuses and new B-schools are popping up everywhere. Management education is more accessible than ever before. Quality, however, has taken a backseat.Around 2,500 institutes in India now churn out one lakh MBA graduates every year. The problem, say industry leaders, B-school professors and alumni, is that there are far too few teachers, even at premier institutions.While the number of students at IIMs flagship Ahmedabad campus rose sharply from 165 to 280 (in 1999-2009), faculty strength improved only marginally from 83 to 90.Indian School Of Business, Hyderabad, started with 120 students and two teachers in 2001. Today it has 570 students and 46 faculty membersa better ratio than 10 years ago, yet not good enough for a top management institute, say experts. Harvard Business School has a student-teacher ratio of 7:1.Students suffer decreasing interaction with teachers. Amit Mahajan (name changed), a member of IIM As class of 2010, says there were 280 students in his batch. At the end of the course, we barely managed to cover case discussions, he says.Larger batches can result in less student networking of the type that once helped old classmates set up new companies, says IIM Ranchi director M J Xavier, an IIM-Calcutta alumnus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733911", "title": "Mayor, many corporators get NCP tickets", "text": "PUNE: Mayor Mohansingh Rajpal and former mayor Rajlaxmi Bhosale are among the candidates in the first list announced by the ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Thursday.In a high profile fight, Rajpal will lock horns with BJP candidate and standing committee chairman Ganesh Bidkar in panel 39. The party announced a list of 52 general category candidates which includes some prominent corporators including Shrikant Patil, Suresh Shevale, Baburao Chandere, Bapurao Karne, Balasaheb Bhodke, Vikas Dangat, Sandeep Ladkat, Subhash Jagtap and Vishal Tambe.It also included Republican Party of India's corporator Avinash Raj Salve who supported the Congress in the outgoing house. Bharati Kadam, a relative of former Congress corporator Suresh Kadam from Katraj, too got a ticket. Reshma Bhosale, wife of MLC Anil Bhosale, and former deputy mayor Nilesh Magar who was denied a nomination in the 2007 elections, were included.The party has nominated Prashant Jagtap instead of his mother corporator Ratnaprabha Jagtap in panel 61. Other candidates are likely to be announced on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734337", "title": "Reliance workers go on strike over cellphone ban", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An order to ban cellphones inside the textile unit of Reliance Industries Ltd. at Naroda triggered a flash strike on Thursday.Around 1,900 workers protesting the order along with other issues refused to go on work till matters were resolved.\"We are on an indefinite strike and will continue till our issues are resolved. For many years, demands to make temporary labourers permanent has not been entertained. We are also demanding a salary hike and have submitted a 14-point memorandum to the management,\" said Sagar Patel, general secretary, Reliance Employees Union at Naroda.The Naroda unit is RIL's first manufacturing facility set up in the country by the group's founder Dhirubhai Ambani . The plant became operational in 1963 and now employs more than 6,000 people. The textile unit facility manufactures woven and knitted fabrics.\"We had, keeping in mind safety of our workers at the shop floor of Naroda unit, issued a circular disallowing usage of mobile phone inside the plant. Following queries by certain employees, we had deferred the implementation of the stated policy. We are in a dialogue with the union leaders to enhance safety of workers on the shop floor. In the meanwhile, operations are continuing peacefully at the plant,\" Reliance Industries spokesperson.The management was negotiating with the striking workers till late on Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11735183", "title": "Novelty at its best", "text": "KANPUR: Several Independent candidates adopted creative methods to grab the attention of onlookers and newspersons during filing of nomination papers.Three Independent candidates, including an eunuch, came to file the nominaton papers at the collectorate on Thursday in unique style.Pappu Bhai Babaji, a 'biryani' shop owner, who has jumped into the fray as an Independent candidate from Kidwai Nagar seat, surprised passersby and poll officials when he reached collectorate on a decorated horse and dressed as a bridegroom with a garland of flowers and 'naan-roti' around his neck.\"We thought that a groom is mounted on a horse but when he moved towards the barricades leading towards collectorate gate, we inquired him about his identity and came to know that he is not a groom but an Independent candidate,\" said a cop deployed there.\"This is my first election as an Independent candidate and I picked a unique attire and mode of transport,\" he said.Congress rebel Navin Pandit reached the collectorate on a 'tonga'. He filed his papers as an Independent for Govind Nagar seat.Another Independent candidate, eunuch Kajal Kiran, arrived at the collectorate to file nominations for the Maharajpur seat travelling on a bullock cart. Kiran had to travel nearly 20 km to file the nomination papers. A group of youngsters accompanied the eunuch. An oxen went berserk and fell to the ground.\"I have come here on a bullock cart in order to grab attention and portray myself as the leader of the masses,\" the eunuch said.On Wednesday, Mohammad Israr of Peace Party, contesting from Arya Nagar seat, had come to file his nomination papers with Dev Murari Bapu, a religious discourse leader. This campaign was called the 'Hindu-Muslim bhai-bhai' campaign and became a centre of attraction for the media and onlookers. \"My campaign focussed on communal harmony,\" says Israr.\"Such scenes were unique and the candidates garnered a lot of attention,\" says Vishal, an onlooker.Meanwhile, the traffic near the collectorate compound became unmanageable, with one procession following another procession. Traffic jams were seen at VIP Road, when BSP candidates came with their supporters, riding on two-wheelers.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11735404", "title": "Cracks in IUML over blast probe", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In the days to come the local-level meetings of Indian Union Muslim League are likely to be stormy. A section of the party workers is planning to protest against the move to make an IUML worker approver in the Narikkatteri blast case.Five IUML workers were killed when the country bombs accidently exploded at an uninhabited house at Narikkatteri in February 2011. The crime branch probing the case had found out that the bombs exploded when they were being transported to another place. Thayyil Moidu, the brother of Soopy Narikkatteri, IUML leader and the UDF candidate from Kuttiady in the last Assembly elections, is one among the accused. The cops had stated that they would consider proclaiming Moidu as an approver. This, they believe, would strengthen the case when it comes before the court.It is learnt that a section in the IUML in Nadapuram are angry over the move as they believe that this amounts to treachery. Moidu's statements as an approver will be used against the party workers when they face trial. Party workers believe that there is an attempt to protect the League leader's brother, jeopardizing the chances of other workers.Soopy, however, said that it is up to the police to decide whether an accused should be made an approver or not. \"So far there has not been any declaration. Our party has nothing to do with the case and we have made it clear many times earlier,\" he said. The crime branch had found out that the bombs were manufactured for a major attack on the CPM workers with the intention of igniting a large-scale riot in Malabar. As many as 17 houses of IUML were attacked allegedly by the CPM workers at Payanthongu a few days before the incident.The cops have also found that a part of the conspiracy was hatched in the Gulf. A few persons from Gulf had come to Kozhikode to take part in the attacks, but they returned as the plan went haywire after the accidental blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji/mapusa", "code": "11735045", "title": "BJP welcomes two new members into party fold", "text": "PANAJI/MAPUSA: The BJP on Thursday received yet another shot in the arm as former Siolim block Congress committee president Danny Fernandes and 26-year-old building contractor Vivan Raikar from Chinchinim joined the party on Thursday.Fernandes said he had quit the Congress because he felt that the aam admi government led by Digambar Kamat was not protecting the interests of the common man. Stating that he had been affiliated to the party for the last 10 years, Fernandes said that the Congress had failed to control illegal mining, corruption and crime in the state. He pledged his support to Siolim BJP candidate Dayanand Mandrekar.Raikar, speaking to the media, said that he would contest the assembly elections from Velim constituency on the BJP ticket if the party allotted it to him, but added that he had not been given any such assurance. Raikar said he was into social work and worked with the youth on several local issues. He added that he always had a strong desire to do something worthwhile, and thus decided to join the BJP as a platform for his social work.Without naming him directly, Raikar said that the present Congress MLA, Felipe Neri Rodrigues, had done nothing for the constituency and that Velim did not even have proper roads or a playground.State BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar and other office bearers welcomed Raikar and Fernandes, while BJP spokesperson Vishnu Wagh claimed that the party was getting stronger in Salcete, even in constituencies such as Navelim, Cuncolim and Curtorim.Wagh said that the influx of people into the BJP was the direct consequence of the party's recent Jan Sampark Abhiyan, which evoked a \"huge response not only from traditional BJP strongholds but even in the Congress constituencies of Salcete taluka\". Wagh said that along with Raikar, over 35 of his supporters from Velim also joined the BJP on Thursday.Meanwhile, around 100 MGP workers led by Tushar Tople, the then former North Goa MGP youth general secretary, joined the BJP at a function held recently in Mapusa. Stating that he was disappointed with the functioning of the Mapusa block of the MGP, Tople said he had decided to quit the party as he was \"impressed with the leadership qualities in the BJP and their organizational skills\". He promised to strive for the BJP's victory in Mapusa.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11738078", "title": "File case against tehsildar, court orders", "text": "BHOPAL: A court in Bhopal has ordered filing a criminal case against a tehsildar and others on charges of forgery of record of public register, disobeying law with intent to cause injury to any person and other offences.The complainant, Pradeep Mevada and Bhagwan Das Mevada, moved the local court seeking criminal proceedings against tehsildar Manish Shrivastava and others for \"evicting\" them from their land and destroying standing crops last year. They alleged that the tehsildar initiated action even at a time when he was not holding the charge of tehsildar of the respective area in violation of a civil court order.Lawyer Sunil Kumar Gurve said a certified copy of the order, passed by Judicial Magistrate First class (JMFC) Varsha Sharma on January 16, was received on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734600", "title": "Efficient teamwork needed when disaster hits: JJ study", "text": "MUMBAI: Adversity often has a way of bringing out the best in people. Drawing from their experience of dealing with victims of the 26/11 attacks, doctors from the state-run JJ hospital have published a paper in the British Journal of Surgery detailing how the staff effectively managed the patient load.Immediate and thorough planning, effective assessment and efficient teamwork by the medical and administrative staff is what is required when disaster strikes, the study points out.\"We were the closest hospital to the attacks and dealt with 271 casualties, including 108 persons who were dead on admission. Of the remaining 163, 23 were discharged after outpatient care and 140 were admitted. We carried out 194 operations on 127 patients and six people died following surgery,\" said professor Ajay Bhandarwar from JJ Hospital.The Mumbai attacks lasted for more than 60 hours and resulted in nearly 300 casualties and over a hundred deaths. The study findings revealed that most patients reached hospital within 15 minutes of being injured and 91% required surgical intervention.\"We had an immediate activation of the disaster management team. Within five minutes of getting the call from the control room, all the staff within the campus was available. All those who were outside campus came within 15 minutes of the call,\" Dr Bhandarwar added.Majority of the patients were aged between 20 and 39, and the dominant injury was limb trauma, seen in 117 patients. Most of the surviving patients had bullet injuries, followed by pellet injuries and a smaller number of blast injuries. Most of the surgical procedures were for soft tissue or orthopaedic injuries and, where possible, these were operated on using local or regional anaesthesia. The surgeons also dealt with a wide spectrum of injuries including colon tears, bowel perforations, damage to the liver, spleen and kidneys and chest trauma.Commenting on the method of the study during such a disaster, Dr Bhandarwar said that management of previous disasters helped them. \"Data collection was not a problem, as we had learnt from previous disasters that noting down every detail is important,\" he said. The hospital group already had considerable experience of handling injuries following previous blasts in 1993, 2001, 2003 and 2005.Mumbai: It may be difficult for many Mumbaikars to get over the 2008 terror attacks, but state-run J J Hospital has showcased an effective way to manage disaster as a team when it comes to mass casualties.A team of doctors from the hospital have published a paper in the British Journal of Surgery, demonstrating how the staff effectively managed the patient-load during the 2008 terror attacks. Immediate and thorough planning, effective assessment and efficient team-work by medical and administrative staff is what is required when a disaster strikes, says the study.\"We were the closest hospitals to the attack and dealt with 271 casualties, including 108 who were dead on admission. Of the remaining 163 patients, 23 were discharged after outpatient care and 140 were admitted. We carried out 194 operations on 127 patients and six people died following surgery,\" professor Ajay Bhandarwar, from J J Hospital.The Mumbai attack lasted more than 60 hours and resulted in nearly 300 casualties and over a hundred deaths. The findings reveal that most patients reached hospital within 15 minutes of being injured and 91 percent required surgical intervention.\"We had an immediate activation of the disaster management team. Within five minutes of getting the call from the control room, all the staff within the campus was available. All those who were outside the campus, came within 15 minutes of the call,\" said Dr Bhandarwar.The study also said that majority of the patients were aged 20 to 39 years and the dominant injury was limb trauma, seen in 117 patients. Most of the surviving patients had bullet injuries, followed by pellet injuries and a smaller number of blast injuries.Most of the surgical procedures were for soft tissue or orthopaedic injuries and, where possible, these were operated on using local or regional anaesthesia. The surgeons also dealt with a wide spectrum of injuries including colon tears, bowel perforations, damage to the liver, spleen and kidneys and chest trauma.Commenting on the method of the study during such a disaster, Dr Bhandarwar said that management of previous disasters helped them. \"Data collection was not a problem, as we had learnt from previous disasters that noting down every detail is important,\" he said. The hospital group already had considerable experience of handling injuries following previous blasts in 1993, 2001, 2003 and 2005.Most of the surgical procedures, say doctors, were for soft tissue or orthopaedic injuries. The surgeons also dealt with a wide spectrum of injuries including colon tears, bowel perforations, damage to the liver, spleen and kidneys and chest trauma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11735765", "title": "Chinese see red as Hong Kong advert terms them \u2018locusts\u2019", "text": "BEIJING: A controversial advertisement in a Hong Kong daily branding Chinese as 'locusts' has evoked angry reactions in China amid growing resentment among people over rising mainland influence.The Hong Kong-based Apple Daily carried a full page advertisement on Wednesday demanding the local government stop pregnant women from the mainland from entering Hong Kong, which enjoys status of special administrative region (SAR) after the former British colony was brought under control of China, 15 years ago.The ad features a huge locust over Hong Kong's skyline with a headline saying, \"Do you want Hong Kong to pay $1,000,000 every 18 minutes to raise babies whose parents are not permanent residents here?\"Reacting to the advertisement some of Web users said that the words in the ad were much too strong considering the assistance and support that the mainland provides to Hong Kong. One entry on Sina Weibo, China's microblogging site, has been reposted 97,000 times and received over 30,000 comments, the Global Times reported on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11736582", "title": "Newlyweds seek police protection", "text": "MYSORE: A couple from T Narasipura on Thursday approached the district police seeking protection as their parents were enraged over their inter-caste marriage. However, police pacified the family members saying that the girl has attained marriageable age and she is free to marry a man of her choice.SP R Dileep told TOI that Priyanka and Naveen D'Souza, who were in love for some time, got married recently and on Thursday, had approached him at his office seeking security. Even the girl's parents had complained against the boy accusing him of forcing their daughter to marry him.Priyanka told police that they had entered into wedlock according to their wishes. The SP, however, confirmed that Priyanka has attained marriageable age and said that he has directed the jurisdiction T Narasipura inspector to provide them with security. Meanwhile, the couple met DCP (law and order) Basavaraj Malagatti at his office where they both exchanged garlands and distributed sweets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11740350", "title": "Canteen Counter", "text": "College canteens are usually spaces for sitting with your buddies, ordering economically priced delicious meals, chattering-gossiping-rebelling and an outlet for the eccentric in you. What they have also become is a double for libraries.More and more students have begun to prefer catching up on their notes in the canteen area for the simple reason that there are no restrictions. Periodically checking your mobile phone, jumping up to meet a long-lost friend, screaming across the place for that extra tissue, its all permitted. Then theres the additional luxury of enjoying a stimulating cutting chai while tackling an unusually difficult math problem. Canteens have a laid-back, no-pressure air to them. Theres no librarian watching your every move or worse, half-a-dozen braniacs at your table knowing the answer to every hesitant and ill-phrased question of yours. A library is a formal setting. You cant speak out, brainstorm, use phones or contact friends. In the canteen, you dont know where your answer comes from. In the library, there is food for thought and in the canteen there is food! quip Jeet Ashok and Virajas Kulkarni, students of Usha Pravin Gandhi College of Management.There are some that still prefer the old-school method. Yash Thakoor of St. Xaviers College feels, Somehow still, the books behind dusty shelves and dented windows, make more sense to me than otherwise but there is a stark trend of migration from the libraries to the foyer. I think it's the chatter. It's warm, and incredibly effective for the quick mugging before exams. And with all those friends learning by your side, there's a high chance you'll overhear something really important for the test.The canteen is a familiar arena. The place most visited in the college premises by the student community in all its entirety. Even amidst all the hullaballoo happening there, it doesnt lose the advantage of being the official comfort zone for students. The canteen has now been ushered into the spotlight for reasons other than frivolity; it is rapidly becoming an intellectual interface.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11735075", "title": "Welcome to Ernakulam for a smoke-free trip", "text": "NEW DELHI: First the good news: Kerala's Ernakulam is the first smoke-free tourism destination in India.The bad news, however, is that Kollam and Thiruvanthapuram figure among India's 10 worst-affected with lung cancer among males, according to Indian Council of Medical Research's (ICMR) latest cancer figures.While the incident rates of lung cancer among men in Kollam is 18.1, the corresponding figure for Thiruvanthapuram stands at 14.8.As per the Regional Cancer Centre, Thiruvananthapuram, there is a 26% rise in tobacco-related cancers in Kerala from 2004 to 2009.As per the global adult tobacco survey, 21.4% of Keralities are tobacco users and out of them 11% are smokers. But 18% of people are exposed to tobacco smoke in public places daily. The figure of adults exposed to tobacco smoke in homes is 42%.Saju V Itty, executive director of Kerala Voluntary Health Services, said, \"Kottayam too was recently declared smoke free by the government. Several other districts like Kannur, Thiruvananthapuram, Alappuzha, Thrissur and Pathanamthitta are putting in place model interventions to control tobacco use.\"ICMR's latest data of 20 sites across India on lung cancer among males, 42% of all cancers in Kollam among males was found to be tobacco related while it stood at 14.6% for women. In Thiruvanthapuram, 38.3% of all cancers in males were due to tobacco, and 10.8 % in women.Of the 10 leading sites of cancer among men in Kollam, lung tops the list at 15.8%, followed by mouth (6.2%) and stomach (5.6%).In Thiruvanthapuram too, prevalence of lung cancer was way ahead of cancers of other sites. The incidence rate of lung cancer was 12%, followed by prostate cancer (5.8%) and mouth cancer (5.4%).Soon after Ernakulam was declared smoke-free, the Kerala Voluntary Health Services conducted a compliance monitoring study in the district. It showed that 96% of public places of the district were smoke free and signage coverage was 94%.\"The principal secretary of the local administration James Joseph recently issued a circular to all panchayat and local bodies directing them to enforce ban of sale of tobacco within 400 metres of all educational institutions. In the last budget, Kerala raised tax of tobacco products from 12% to 20%,\" officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11739040", "title": "Virtual campus days at EMLYON Business School", "text": "EMLYON Business School launched virtual campus days from January 30 to February 3 to inform potential students about the full range of available international Masters programmes. It will feature day-long chat sessions with admission officers and programme managers; potential students will be able to download programme brochures, watch programme videos, and obtain advice from current students and faculty on applications.EMLYONs full range of graduate programmes will be represented, including the new MSc in Sports and Outdoor Industry Management a management programme focused specifically on the sports and outdoor industry in partnership with some of the worlds leading sporting brands.Damien Roux, Director of Marketing Recruitment and Careers Services, says, By offering virtual campus days we provide our future students an interactive and modern alternative to traditional fairs and information sessions. It will offer rich, one-on-one interaction that goes beyond mere chat functions in order to provide a comprehensive overview of EMLYONs masters programmes and their content in a completely virtual environment. This concept proves to be much more flexible for the future student, as it is convenient and accessible from anywhere in the world. Our virtual Campus Days will be a place of in-depth discussions with our prospective students that currently represent more than 100 nationalities.The range of EMLYONs International Masters Programmes is designed to meet the expectations and ambitions of each student, regardless of what their specific career objectives may be. The programmes are represented in three main categories to help future students make the right choice: General Management, Entrepreneurship Innovation and Sector-specific Masters.(http://virtualcampusday.em-lyon.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11736553", "title": "Lively end to sports meet", "text": "The two-day annual athletic meet of Guru Nanak Girls College, Model Town, ended with a bang on Thursday.The vice-president of Basketball Federation of India, Teja Singh Dhaliwal, was the chief guest on the final day. Among the events organized on Thursday, the main attractions included sack race, obstacle race, staff race and aerobics. Student of a postgraduate course, Ramandeep Kaur, was declared the best athlete. Dhaliwal said sports was a field where girls could learn goal-setting, strategic thinking and pursue excellence in performance.Principal Charanjit Mahal talked about the the college's noteworthy contributions at national and international levels. She said many students of their had represented the country at international level and brought laurels to the state and country. Students also presented traditional folk dances, adding culture and colour to the event.Results: 100 m: Kritika Sharma (Class XI), Preet Kaur (Class XI), Gurpreet Kaur (BSc-I); Relay 4x100: (I) Ramandeep Kaur (MA-I), Varsha Rani (MA-I), Ramandeep Kaur (MA-I), Rajni Bala (MA-I); 1. Naini Bala MA-I; (II): Amandeep Kaur (BA-I), Anjali (BA-I), Manisha (BA-I); (III) 1. Shivdeep Kaur (BA-II), Samriti (BA-II), Harpreet Kaur (BA-II), Prabveer Kaur (BA-II); obstacle race: Amarjot Kaur (MA-II), Maiya (BCA-III), Rajveer (BA-II); staff race female: Preeti Singh (sociology); Jasdeep Kaur (economics); Hardeep Kaur (fashion designing); staff race male: Neeraj Bansal (physics), Imran (biochemistry), Sanjay Bector (physics); Best athlete: Ramandeep Kaur (MA-II political science); sports president: Ramandeep Kaur (MA-II political science); Sports secretary: Ramandeep Kaur (MA-I sociology).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11734205", "title": "National maths seminar today", "text": "GURGAON: The city will host a national seminar on mathematics on Friday.The event will be attended by students, teachers and enthusiasts of the subject, and provide a platform to those with new ideas and research papers on applied mathematics.The seminar, organized by the state's higher education department, will be held at Government College in Sector 9.\"The seminar aims to bring together mathematicians, scientists, engineers and students to exchange and share their experiences, ideas and research results about different aspects of mathematics,\" said Raghuvender Singh, principal of the college.The theme of the seminar will be the recent developments in mathematics and its applications. \"This seminar will cover all the branches of mathematics and the increase in its application in diverse fields,\" said Arjun Singh, head of department, mathematics, at Government College.The recent evaluation report by the Annual Status of Education Report Centre, showed a noticeable decline in the mathematical skills in children in India. The seminar seems to be a step towards rebuilding the widening knowledge deficit in mathematics.\"This seminar will help in strengthening the participants' knowledge and will provide opportunities to mathematics enthusiasts,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11733445", "title": "Two minor girls held for jewellery theft at open-air wedding venue", "text": "JAIPUR: Two homeless minor girls were taken into custody on Thursday for sneaking into a wedding function and stealing jewellery belonging to the bride in Bani Park area. The police have recovered most of the stolen valuables. However, it is suspected that the remaining jewellery were taken away by the girls' mother who eloped with a man after the theft on January 28. It is the second such arrest in this week, hinting at an alarming rise in cases of wedding thefts in the city.One Rajendra Kumar Arya had lodged an FIR with Bani Park police station on Monday claiming theft of jewellery from his daughter's marriage function at a garden on Sri Ram Kutir Marg in Bani Park on January 28.\"While the bride's side was busy welcoming the 'baraat' at the marriage garden, the jewellery was left unattended by bride's mother. Taking advantage of this, the two girls, whose names are not being disclosed as they are minors, took away the bag containing jewellery,\" said investigating officer Kannu Khan said.The police got a tip-off that some drifters from Bawariya community were temporarily residing in Kanota area and some girls there might be involved in the theft.\"A team was immediately rushed to the spot and two girls who were found in possession of the stolen jewellery were taken into custody. They have been sent to a juvenile centre in the city,\" said the officer.During interrogation, the girls told police that their family members had forced them into the profession. \"The mother disappeared with a man the very next day of her daughter committing theft. We suspect that she took away some of the jewellery,\" said the officer.He added the girls were trying to sell the gold jewellery to passers-by and local residents in Kanota. \"They were trying to lure the passers-by into buying the jewellery. The girls were telling the prospective buyers that they had lost their father and were desperately in need of money,\" officer added.On Tuesday, too, the police had busted a gang involved in at least six burglaries at wedding ceremonies. Four persons Rohit (19), Vikas (18), Shalu (20) and Aruda (22) were arrested from various villages in MP.Due to the increasing number of such cases, police have warned the residents to be careful in handling jewellery during wedding functions as several such gangs are on the prowl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11739913", "title": "There's a child in Akshaye Khanna: Rumy Jafry", "text": "Writer-director Rumy Jafry who's upcoming directorial venture Gali Gali Chor Hai is all ready to release on February 3, is quite excited about it.But ask the director how did he manage to rope his lead actor Akshaye Khanna in the film and also how did he made him to do the promotions of the film and he says, \"Akshaye is a different kind of a person and one who's close to him will realise that there's a child in him. He's a very emotional person who doesn't go close to anybody or everybody and is very selective about making friends. But, Akshaye and I share a special bonding since Aa Ab Laut Chale time that's fourteen years back. Thus, he agreed to do this flick and also do the promotions of the film in just one condition that Rumy saath me rahega to mai jaunga . In fact he's more excited and involved in the film than me.\"We hope Rumy and Akshaye's special bonding is continued forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11734863", "title": "Bihar Diwas to get off to a colourful start", "text": "PATNA: Both the build-up to, and actual celebration of, the three-day Bihar Diwas in the state is all set to become colourful, as the practice of singing and rendition of the Bihar Geet and Bihar Prarthana would start in right earnest in all the government schools after they receive their copies of the CD concerned this month. Besides, 16 World Cup women's kabbadi playing teams would also play their matches here in the first week next month.The three-day Diwas would be celebrated in the state, beginning March 22, to mark 100 years of existence of the state since its formation in 1912, after the region, comprising Bihar, Jharkhand and Orissa, was separated from the then Greater Bengal.However, Bihar, like the then Bengal, suffered two \"partitions\" in the subsequent decades, as first Orissa became a separate state in 1936, while the Jharkhand region got separate statehood in November 2000. In between, a part of eastern Bihar in Kishanganj district went away to West Bengal in 1956.The celebration is taking place in a special context. For, today's Bihar is an amalgamation evolved into a unitary sub-nationality out of common collective experiences shared in its five ancient sub-regions, or linguistic and cultural zones -- ancient Magadh, Mithila, Anga, Vajji Confederacy, and Karusha which constitutes ancient roots of the present-day Bhojpur region.Incidentally, both CM Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , in their own ways, have clarified that further division of Bihar to give statehood to any of its parts would be impractical, since any such separate state carved out of Bihar ought to have at least 100 assembly seats to become a politically and economically stable region.\"The three-day Bihar Diwas celebration would have a variety of cultural functions, seminar and discussions, since Bihar is rich in its cultural diversity. We have also planned a special Bihar Food Festival in which visitors would relish typically Bihari cuisines,\" said education department principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh on Thursday.However, for the present, all attention is pinned on organizing four-day kabaddi matches of women's teams from 16 countries which had participated in the Kabaddi World Cup. Singh said that consent of the respective teams has been received in consultation with the Indian Amateur Kabaddi Federation, the Asian Kabaddi Federation and the International Kabaddi Federation.The countries which are sending their kabaddi teams to add colour to the build-up to the Diwas celebration include, Japan, Thailand, Chinese Taipei , Sri Lanka, South Korea, Canada, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Malaysia, Mexico, US, Italy, Iran and Nepal . The team from Pakistan is not turning up, as the consent of the teams visiting Bihar has been routed through the three kabaddi federations.The matches would be played in the indoor stadium of Kankerbagh Sports Complex here, and the CM would inaugurate it on March 1.Further, the narration of impressions and experiences of people of 90 years of age and above would be recorded as Bihar's oral history. The CDs and books on the art and cultural roots of the state would also be available for purchase during the celebration, Singh added.Moreover, Rajdhani Park itself was being developed into Art Park of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733369", "title": "\u2018Pak\u2019 national loiters without visa, held near North Block", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was arrested from the North Block area on Thursday morning for roaming around in a suspicious manner. Police said Aftab Khan, who claimed to be a Pakistani national, told them he had lost his passport and visa near Ambala and wanted to meet the President in this regard.Khan, 19, could not convince the police and was booked under the foreigners Act and taken in remand. Sources said his claims are not believable as Samjhauta Express does not stop at Ambala. \"He might be an Indian who had been visiting the PoK side. We have not found any terror link so far,'' said an officer.Sources said Aftab told police he had visited India in the past and has relatives in southeast Delhi. He also claimed he has a clothing business - cloth of one of the brands he mentioned was used to pack fake notes from Pakistan across the Poonch border - but could not show any proof.\"We received a call around 9.30am about a suspicious person roaming in the high security area of North Block. We reached the spot and questioned the accused after taking him in our custody. He tried misleading us and gave conflicting statements. We have booked him and are investigating the matter,\" said a senior police officer from New Delhi district.The man was brought to Parliament Street police station for questioning where specialized security agencies, including Special Cell of Delhi Police, Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) and Intelligence Bureau (IB), questioned him before handing him over to the New Delhi district police.Khan told police he is a resident of Islamabad and crossed the Attari border by Samjhauta Express. \"We are cross checking every detail. His antecedents are being verified with the Pakistan High Commission,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11733622", "title": "Metro may face financial glitches", "text": "JAIPUR: The much-awaited dream of metro running on the roads of Jaipur may face a financial hitch, if the government of India rejects the proposal of funding the metro project during phase-I. The corridor-I (Mansarovar to Badi Chaupar) along with rolling stock is getting constructed at a cost of Rs 3,151. However, the state government is not in a position to fund the entire project from its own pocket. \"At present there is around Rs 1,000 crore in the government coffer. For the rest we are finding ways to get it from the Centre and other agencies. It is always good to get funding from the Centre\" said a senior official of Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC).Initially when the project was conceived, stage-I was estimated at Rs 1,250 crore with the state government taking up just the civil work. The rolling stock and the construction of metro from Chanpole to Badi Chaupar was planned to put on public and private partnership. But later the state government decided to fund even these two on its own increasing the project cost to Rs 3,151 crore. After the decision was taken the state government agreed in principle to release Rs 600 crore more for the metro. However, this also led the state government to source money from other avenues.After various rounds of negotiation the government of India is expected to provide financial assistance in the form of equity, making Jaipur metro a joint venture. \"The Central government will provide Rs 500 crore in form of equity. As per the norms the Central government will then have stake of 15-20 per cent in the project,\" added the official.The state government has also asked Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) to provide a loan of Rs 1,000 crore for which it is persuading the Central government to give guarantee. Several rounds of negotiation have been done with JICA and they requested us to provide details about the rider ship and other things. Based on this they will take the final decision\" said Sanjay Solanki, financial advisor to JMRC.However, if the Central government or JICA refuses to provide assistance, the Jaipur metro project will face a huge financial crisis. The project has to be completed in stipulated time and financial paucity will delay the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11734936", "title": "'Tints &amp; Shades' at PWC", "text": "PATNA: Fashion designing students of Patna Women's College have put their creations on display at an exhibition, 'Tints &amp; Shades', which opened on the college campus on Thursday. Many of the creations are a mixture of traditional Bihari art and modern creativity.Priyanka Jaiswal, a student, said, \"I have been working on 'kurtis' with 'batik' and 'bandhani' designs for over three months. We created the rough designs on paper before using them on the dress materials.\" Nazia Tabbasum, another student, added, \"We have also prepared design books for western and traditional wears.\"Besides dress materials, also on display at the exhibition are lamp shade, cushion cover and Madhubani paintings. \"The students have done an excellent work,\" said Tanuja Kishore, HoD, department of fashion designing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11735122", "title": "Bhadra, Kudremukh not under Project Tiger", "text": "In a blow to tiger conservation, the government on Thursday announced that Bhadra Wildlife Sanctuary and Kudremukh National Park will be kept out of the purview of Project Tiger. Law and parliamenary affairs minister Suresh Kumar told the assembly that the government has already issued a notification to this effect.He admitted there was a proposal to bring eight national parks and wildlife sanctuaries under the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11734842", "title": "Will BJP allot Dabolim seat to MGP?", "text": "VASCO: The BJP may have decided to allot the Dabolim seat to the MGP but the president of Dabolim unit of BJP feels that the party is in a better position to fight the polls.There is also some disenchantment among workers as the two parties are yet to finalize the alliance. Sources said that the BJP is willing to give the seat to MGP but the BJP workers feel that they can put up a strong fight against the Congress. Secondly, the workers also say that the party's base may get eroded over time if there is an alliance.From the Congress side, deputy speaker and campaign chief of the Congress party Mauvin Godinho will be the candidate. He has shifted from Cortalim to the new constituency of Dabolim.The president of Dabolim Block, BJP, Santosh Kerkar says, \"if the seat is given to the BJP, we are very confident, that the votes will surely come to the Lotus\". The Dabolim constituency which will go in for polls for the first time has 19,211 voters.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11735123", "title": "S 24-Parganas police lines shifted from Alipore", "text": "KOLKATA: After nine urban police stations from the industrial zone of South 24-Parganas were brought under Kolkata Police, the state police is now restructuring the South 24-Parganas police administration for better policing. As a part of this move, the police lines housing the reserve force of the South 24-Parganas police, is being shifted from Alipore to Sonarpur and Diamond Harbour. At present, there are more than 300 personnel at Alipore Police lines.The industrial zone of South 24-Parganas does not make sense anymore after more than half of the police stations in it were merged with Kolkata Police. So, the jurisdiction of both the additional SP (industrial) and additional SP (rural) have been restructured. These officers have also been re-designated as additional SP (west) additional SP (east).The district police headquarters will remain at Alipore till it is shifted to the proposed South 24-Parganas headquarters at Baruipur. But the two zonal headquarters will be at Sonarpur and Diamond Harbour, said a senior state police officer.The unified police line will be divided into two halves. The Police line (west) will be at K D Mullick Garden at Sonarpur. This will be under additional SP (west), while the police line (east) will be at Diamond Harbour.nearSDPO officewhere the police administration has a huge plot of land at its disposal, said another officerAccording to a senior police officer, it was a strategic mistake to keep the police line at Alipore, when the force is never used there. When Behala, Kasba, Jadavpur was under South-24 Parganas district, it still made some sense. But now, it takes a huge time to reach far away places like Kultoli, Jainanagar, Diamond Harbour, Pathar Pratima after overcoming the traffic chaos in the city.Both in case of hooch tragedy and Mograhat firing, Reserve Force of South 24-Parganas took an inordinately long time to reach the place of occurrence, so things had gone out of hand. If police lines are there at Sonarpur and Diamond Harbour, they can reach the PO in shortest possible time. It is important for police to reach the PO. Taking into account the weak man-power strength at police station in the distrists, it is important for the reserve force to move to the PO immediately after the incident happens.In the new structure, Police line (west) will serve areas like Bhangor, Kashipore, Kultoli, Patharpratima, while the police line (east) will serve Diamond Harbour, Sagar, Bishnupur, Budge Budge. Apart from major law and order problem, the reserve force is mainly used for the security of the undertrial accused and convicts during their transportation from the jail to the court and back.In these two zones there will be two separate control rooms other than the district headquarters control room at Alipore. Senior officers said that this is the first move towards shifting the South 24-Parganas police headquarters from Alipore to Baruipur. People from the farthest corners of the district come all the way to Alipore to get even a minor work done. It is a huge waste of energy and money, an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11737399", "title": "Cooked tomatoes can be key to cancer cure", "text": "LONDON: A nutrient in cooked tomatoes can slow the growth and even kill prostate cancer cells, a study done by an Indian-origin researcher-led team has claimed.Mridula Chopra and colleagues at the University of Portsmouth, through laboratory studies tested the effect of the nutrient lycopene on the simple mechanism through which cancer cells hijack a body's healthy blood supply to grow and spread. The research found that lycopene , which is what gives tomatoes their red colour, intercepts cancer's ability to make the connections it needs to attach to a healthy blood supply.The researchers, from the university's School of Pharmacy and Biomedical Sciences, are now calling for tests to check if the same reaction occurs in the human body, the Daily Telegraph reported.\"This simple chemical reaction was shown to occur at lycopene concentrations that can easily be achieved by eating processed tomatoes ,\" Chopra said.Lycopene is present in all red fruits and vegetables, but its concentrations are highest in tomatoes and becomes more biologically active when it comes from processed tomatoes with a small amount of cooking oil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "11736298", "title": "PM must quit after SC's 2G spectrum ruling: Modi", "text": "PALANPUR: Chief minister Narendra Modi has asked prime minister Manmohan Singh to resign after the Supreme Court on Thursday cancelled 122 2G licences granted to telecom companies during the tenure of former telecom minister A Raja.Addressing people at his Sadbhavana Mission fast at Mandvi in Kutch district, Modi said, \"Singh has no right to remain in power after Supreme Court cancelled all 122 2G licences granted during Raja's tenure.\"He said, \"It was for the first time in the history of the country that such a huge scam involving Rs 1.65 lakh crore has taken place. The prime minister can no more shirk his responsibilities and must accept the blame for the wrongdoings by his cabinet colleagues in the Congress-led UPA government.\"Later, Modi announced a Rs 2,165 crore package for Kutch for improving its infrastructure, schools, hospitals, roads, irrigation and drainage system in the next one year. Nearly 10,000 people from all nine talukas of Kutch joined Modi in his Sadbhavana Mission fast.Meanwhile, Gujarat Congress workers too organized a parallel Satkarma fast at Mandvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11733287", "title": "Puri set for jugalbandi of painting and sand art", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Coinciding with the proposed 3-dimensional painting by American artist Tracy Lee Stum on Puri beach on Saturday, globally-acclaimed sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik will attempt to enter the Limca Book of Records by creating maximum number of turtles and dolphins on sand.He will create the art adjacent the 3-D painting by Tracy. \"Since the theme is related to environment, I will make nearly 100 turtles and dolphins to spread awareness about their protection,\" Sudarsan said. \"Limca authorities have asked me to go ahead,\" he added.Sudarsan and Tracy will work on their pieces of art together providing the audience with a visual delight for the audience. The collaborative event will be hosted by the US government in association with the Odisha tourism department. \"All arrangements have been made. We have cleaned the beach where the unique programme would take place. Tourists can watch the event free of cost,\" tourism secretary Ashok Tripathy said.Some of Sudarsan's students will help Tracy in creating the interactive 3D painting. She will create the art on a concrete floor on the beach. 3D painting (also known as Anamorphic art) is an illusionary 2-dimensional image that appear to be 3-dimensional when viewed from a specific point through a camera lens. Tracy, who holds a Guinness World Record for the largest chalk painting, will use chalk pastels and tempera paints to create the 3D art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734866", "title": "Docs oppose stringent curbs in PCPNDT Act", "text": "NAGPUR: The shockingly skewed sex ratio in Maharashtra that came to light during the last census made the state government jump to a more stringent implementation of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act. However, some recent decisions of the central advisory board overseeing provisions of the Act have not gone well with the medical fraternity.The latest diktats of the board, headed by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , have earned disapproval of various medical bodies. In a meeting held earlier this month, the board made two proposals, both of which are being seen as irrational and illogical by doctors. Not only have the radiologists been restricted from visiting more than two places, the registration fees for owning an ultrasound machine has been increased almost tenfold.\"It is beyond our understanding how such restrictions can help check female foeticide. In fact, the government is adversely affecting the healthcare in the country,\" said Dr Kishor Taori, former national president of the Indian Radiological and Imaging Association (IRIA) and president of Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC). The most modern appliances of radiology like 3D and 4D ultrasound, which are used as second stethoscopes in developed countries, have not been able to make their way into the country because of stringent laws, he lamented.Past national president of Indian Medical Association and 'Save Girl Child' campaigner since 2003, Dr Ashok Adhao said, \"99% of the doctors avoid such malpractices. Most medical associations openly condemn female foeticide. Why make the doctors an unfair target instead of targeting the root cause of the problem? We could in fact help the government if they give us a chance to do so.\"\"Restricting radiologists visits' to two or three hospitals would only create more problems. Many among them would stop visiting the less lucrative places like rural, district or charitable hospitals,\" said radiologist Dr Harish Chandak. Dr Kajal Mitra, president of IRIA Vidarbha, reasoned that the rise in registration fees would ultimately be borne by the patients as the doctors would be forced to increase their charge as well. \"People with resources can easily get such tests done abroad, beyond jurisdiction of the Indian law,\" said Dr Prashant Onkar.It is not even a month since the decisions came but the tremors are being felt already. Critical care specialist and secretary of city chapter of Indian Society of Critical Care Medicine, Dr Deepak Jeswani narrated how just last week an operation on patient had to be delayed by a few hours. \"Despite the emergency, we had to wait because the radiologist was busy elsewhere. The patients suffering from such trauma cannot even be shifted elsewhere. With this restriction, the radiologists won't be able to serve at all the ICUs in the city,\" he rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11734620", "title": "Rs 15,000 loan drives farmer to suicide", "text": "THANE: Unable to repay a Rs 15,000 loan he had taken, a farmer committed suicide by consuming pesticide on the outskirts of Thaneon Wednesday evening.The 52-year-old farmer, identified as Nasik Sambre (52) was a resident of Sadan village in Vikramgad taluka of Thane district. The deceased's nephew, Jitendra Sambre, said his uncle took the extreme step as he was unable to cope with the burden of loans. He said, \"My uncle had borrowed Rs 15,000 from a credit society bank in the area and was to repay it. His troubles increased recently, when most of the watermelon crop he cultivated failed because of bad weather. He was not able to get to proper amount to repay the loan.\"Nasik had left home around 10.30am and said he was going to the farm, his family said.Around 5.30pm, passersby notices Nasik lying unconscious in his farm, and rushed him to the primary health centre in Vikramgad. The doctors shifted him to Katai Hospital, where he died during treatment.Nasik was the only earning member in his family. His two children are in collegeand his wife is unemployed. Nasik's wife, Namrata, said that he was stressed since the past few days after his crop failed.Kunbi Sena leader Parag Paste, who visited the deceased's home, has written to the state government, demanding compensation for the farmer's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734947", "title": "Work on track for world's first fusion reactor", "text": "NAGPUR: India, one of the seven participating countries, is keeping pace with the development work assigned to it as part of the joint project to produce energy from fusion, using deuterium and tritium, the two hydrogen isotopes, as fuel at the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER), said project director of India-ITER Shishir Deshpande.The reactor is expected to be ready by 2022 while 500MW power generation could take another decade. India was the last to join the experiment, the first of its kind effort, on the initiative of Anil Kakodkar, former Atomic Energy Commission chairman. Deshpande, from the Institute of Plasma Research, Gandhinagar, Gujarat, is ensuring that Indian scientists and industry deliver their work on time. The entire project is expected to cost about 13 billion Euro.Speaking to TOI on the ambitious project, Deshpande said designing work on 'cryostat', the world's largest high vacuum cold storage vessel for the reactor, which India is making, has already been completed and procurement process has started. Deshpande, a Nagpur University (NU) alumnus from the physics department, was speaking to TOI while in the city to deliver the VN Thatte memorial lecture at Institute of Science on Thursday and NU physics department.The ITER project coming up at Cadarache, France, would house a fusion reactor as big as a ten-storeyed building. It will try to fuse together two atoms as against fission, where atoms divide to create energy. The Tokamak, a device that houses the magnetic fields to contain the plasma (fourth state of matter similar to that present in the Sun) will also be one of the biggest and best Tokamaks.\"We are basically involved in designing and fabricating 7-8 major components of the reactor and developing certain diagnostic tools. India would begin delivering them by 2016. The work on other components are in prototyping or designing stage,\" said Deshpande.Though the pre-project work on ITER began in 2005, the seven participating countries; European Union (EU), Russia , USA, China, Japan, South Korea and India, actually signed a joint agreement in November 2006, and a body called as ITER organization was formally constituted in 2007. The Indian government formally cleared the project and formed a special board in 2007. The construction work of the first building was started in 2010.EU is contributing the biggest share (45%) in the project, which is expected to cost over 13-15 billion Euro (about Rs 78,000 crore) while the other six partners are contributing about 9% each, mostly in kind. Professor Osamu Motojima from Japan is the project's director general.Besides cryostat and cryoline, India is also making the neutron shielding plates made of borated steel, a diagnostic neutron beam, 20MW heating power system of heating plasma ions, cooling, water and heat rejection systems, power supply system, electron heating system and some diagnostic tools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11737729", "title": "DAVV VC bows to pressure", "text": "INDORE: A day after officiating vice-chancellor of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) ordered to withhold the salaries of 32 head of departments (HoDs) for the month of January, he had to give the salary cheques to all the HoDs concerned after protests and wide-range criticism against the move.On Wednesday, all the HoDs concerned condemned the action taken by acting DAVV VC Dr Rajkamal and lodged strong protests against the move. Later, finding himself defenceless and unable to clarify the decision taken, the he handed over the cheques to all the HoDs after personally meeting them at UTD campus of the varsity here.Since morning, infuriated with the note carrying the order of Dr Rajkamal, all the 32 HoDs started questioning the decision to withhold their salaries. They called a meeting to discuss the matter at the university teaching department on the Khandwa Road campus and strongly condemned the VC's move. According to sources, the HoDs formed an association to deal with such issues and appointed former vice-chancellor Dr A L Sharma as their representative. Later, the HoDs decided to meet Dr Rajkamal to seek clarification for withholding their salaries. However, by that time, he had gone to the UTD campus with the salary cheques of the HoDs and sort out the matter.The VC clarified that he had no intention to withhold the salaries and did not issued any note in this regard. However, the HoDs reportedly showed him the e-mail that was issued to all the HoDs, sources said. Senior professors alleged that if he had not taken the decision, then why salaries were not transferred to their bank account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734739", "title": "HC throws out plea against green tax", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High court has rejected a PIL filed by eminent jurist Thrity Patel challenging ordinance on green tax collection. A division bench of justices PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale dismissed the plea questioning locus standi of the petitioner.Patel, through her counsel Tushar Mandlekar, had challenged the constitutional validity of the ordinance issued by the state taxing the citizens additionally in the name of \"pollution control\". Patel, president of NGO Centre for Education of Human Rights, Research and Advocacy (CEHRRA), contended that the newly implemented law was unreasonable and against the fundamental rights.The government introduced an additional tax scheme last year for vehicles more than 15-years-old. Owners of such vehicles would have to pay an additional tax of Rs 2,000 for two-wheelers, Rs 3,000 for petrol driven vehicles cars, and Rs 3,500 for diesel driven cars. The ordinance was passed with an objective of reducing the pollution by phasing out old vehicles.The petitioner had contended there was an unreasonable classification of vehicles and citizens were being taxed twice for the same vehicle. The owners had already paid 'one time road tax'. The vehicles that have to be phased out may not even be in bad condition, she had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11735093", "title": "Cops on hunt for kidnapped Mapusa girl", "text": "MAPUSA: The Mapusa police registered a case of kidnapping against Sujay Mandal, who they suspect is in West Bengal. An investigation is in progress under the supervision of PI Vishwesh Karpe.A 15-year-old girl went missing from her house in Verla, Parra, on January 25. The girl's mother, Shonda Gosh, a native of West Bengal complained to the Mapusa police that her daughter left for volleyball practice at her school on January 25 and never retuned home. Accordingly, a missing complaint was registered at the Mapusa police station.On Thursday, the girl's father, Indrajit Gosh, received a call from an unknown number from a person claiming to be Mandal who insisted that the girl was with him and if her parents failed to pay him 4 lakh, he would kill her. Mandal used to work with Gosh, a civil contractor. and lived close to the Gosh residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11735898", "title": "ADG (Railway) inspects Cantt station", "text": "VARANASI: ADG (Railway) Arvind Kumar Jain made an inspection of Cantonment railway station on Thursday.While strengthening of security arrangements at the station in the wake of assembly elections was attracted attention, the ADG also took a first-hand note of safety and security equipments, including the doorframe metal detector and close circuit cameras, installed at the station.Later, talking to media persons, the ADG also hinted that sophisticated equipments might be purchased to strengthen security arrangements at the station. This station is one of the 50 railway stations of the country that would be upgraded to world class stations.A number of railway officials including GRP inspector, Cantt, Anil Rai and station manager RK Pandey were also present during the inspection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11737902", "title": "Milk co-op bows, supply resumes", "text": "BHOPAL: Employees of Bhopal Sahakari Dugdha Sangh returned to work on Thursday following acceptance of their demands.MP State Cooperative Dairy Federation Limited Subhash Chandra Mandge chairman said, \"Milk distribution was delayed and not stopped. The sangh employees kept off milk production work on Thursday morning against the federation's outsourcing of packing and maintenance work. The labourers, engaged in loading and unloading resumed their work, after the management conceded the demand. The confusion prevailed until evening and now has been resolved.\" In Bhopal, the federation supplies 3.80 lakh litre or 10 lakh packets of milk everyday.Devendra Khongal, general secretary, Karmachari Congress, said, \"The milk production resumed after Chief Operating officer (COO) Sangh RK Singh gave in writing that the employees, who have been working with the sangh for the past 20 years, would not lose their jobs.\"Bhopal Sahakari Dugdha Sangh employees staged a protest on Wednesday alleging that a company was given the production and distribution work of 'Sanchi' milk.Production of around 3 lakh litre of milk was affected because of the strike of the employees. The residents had to go without milk on Thursday as they did not get their daily supply from the milk parlours till late afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11738069", "title": "Girl mirror-writes Ramcharitmanas", "text": "BHOPAL: Writing in reverse without a single mistake may be a daunting task for many. But, it comes naturally to a city-based 20-year-old Kanishka Singh, a student of Sarojini Naidu PG Girl's College. She copied the Ramcharitmanas - cover to cover.To the uninitiated, the art of mirror writing is the reverse of the natural way of penning words from right to left.Kanishka tried her hand at mirror writing when she was 7 years old. \"The curiosity grew in me after I had seen the word Ambulance written in reverse order. I started practising after that,\" Kanishka said. Inspired by her grandfather, Kanishka decided to go for mirror writing of Ramcharitmanas when she was studying in class IX. \"My grandfather always talked about the Ramayana. I made a serious attempt of mirror writing thereafter,\" Kanishka said.Support from family encouraged this youngster to keep writing for next four years. \"I could have completed the entire book in one year. But that would have affected studies. I gave time for the mirror writing after completing school work,\" she said. Kanishka's mother Saroj Singh said, \"It is her own effort and we are proud of her.\"A skating player of national standing and a recipient of national award in painting, she has done also equally well in studies. Kanishka has now set a task for herself - Bible's mirror writing.\"I want to prove my talent in other languages. After Hindi, I will try mirror writing in English,\" Kanishka added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11739895", "title": "Construction near Air Force station Faridabad: HC directs MC to issue fresh notices", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Apparently miffed over the unauthorized construction in the prohibited zone around the Air Force station in Faridabad, Punjab and Haryana High Court has directed Municipal Corporation (MC) Faridabad to issue notices to those encroachers carrying fresh construction. HC has directed the MC that such notices are to be issued on the basis of a status report about the fresh encroachments sent to the local administration by the Air Force authorities.In its report submitted before the bench, counsel for the Air Force advocate Onkar Singh Batalvi informed that they had written to the MC Faridabad and the Haryana government on fresh illegal constructions in the prohibited zone but no steps were take by them to deal with the situation. Batalvi also asserted before the bench that the encroachers have reached near the walls of the Air Force station.The matter had reached before the Punjab and Haryana high court through a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by one Suersh Goyal of Faridabad seeking removal of constructions from 100-metre area around Air Force Station, Dabua in Faridabad, which is a protected zone under provisions of the Work of Defence Act.When the matter came up for resumed hearing before the Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday, the Haryana government also informed that MC Faridabad had identified 252 illegal structures in the prohibited 100-metre radius of the IAF Station and notices were served to the owners for demolition. But some of the affected parties moved the Supreme Court (SC) and obtained stay orders. Counsel for the Air Force stated that illegal construction in the area was continuing for past 15-20 years and despite every possible action of making correspondence even to the highest authorities of the state no positive response was received.Now the case would come up for further hearing on May 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11736637", "title": "Karyavattom to get new land", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: State government has agreed to hand over an alternate piece of land to the Kerala University in exchange of the stadium for the 35th National Games to be hosted by the state.\"The University had sought an alternate land after the Karyavattom stadium was handed over to the games organizers. The formalities will be completed by next week,\" K Muraleedharan MLA, who had attended the meeting to review the proceedings here on Thursday told TOI.The stadium, once handed over to the National Games Secretariat, will be under its possession for the next 15 years.The formalities for the stadium will be completed before February 15. The chief minister in the meeting also said that the agreement in this regard would be signed by next Thursday. The University authorities have also been asked to sort out all issues.The University Syndicate is yet to approve the handing over of the stadium.\"The Syndicate has no objection in handing over the stadium. Only some necessary formalities have to be completed,\" university sources told TOI.Work related to another venue for the Games, Vattiyoorkkavu Stadium would also be completed before June 30, Muraleedharan said. The Greenfield indoor stadium at Vattiyoorkavu is proposed to be constructed in the Central Polytechnic Campus.The stadium, once handed over by KU to the National Games Secretariat, will be under its possession for the next 15 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11735444", "title": "Prantiya Rakshak Dal cops to be deployed during poll", "text": "KANPUR: The district administration has decided to deploy 100 cops of Prantiya Rakshak Dal. They would be assisting the paramilitary forces and the police during the elections.District youth welfare officer Ajay Trivedi said that the cops of Prantiya Rakshak Dal would act on the instructions of senior police officials of the district.The labour department has decided to keep the shops and the commercial establishments closed on the polling dates in the state. Commercial establishments would remain closed in the district on February 23.The district administration has appointed ADM Akhilesh Mishra as voters awareness observer. The decision has been taken by district magistrate Hari Om.The chief electoral officer had instructed the DM to appoint an administrative official as voters awareness observer.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11734803", "title": "Confusion in NCP to benefit BJP in Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: Delay in declaring their candidate has led to confusion in the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in Mapusa, giving an advantage to the BJP in the constituency.Last time, Ryan Braganza was NCP candidate in Mapusa and this time, NCP's state president Surendra Sirsat and general secretary Armindo Braganza are the top contenders for the seat. However, aspirations of the Mapusa municipal council (MMC) chairperson Ashish Shirodkar have added to the problem.\"I had applied for both Congress and NCP to contest the elections from Mapusa,\" said Shirodkar, adding \"both the high commands know that I am the aspiring candidate for Mapusa.'' Sources also said the seat will be contested by NCP. NCP's central leader Praful Patel was scheduled to come to Goa on Thursday to look after seat sharing. However he deferred his trip.With confusion engulfing the NCP and Congress, the Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza is looking forward to emerge victorious for the fourth time, his third as BJP candidate. He was first elected in 1999 on the Goa Rajiv Congress ticket. In 2007, D'Souza defeated Subhash Narvekar of JD(S) on a BJP ticket, in 2002 he defeated Armindo Braganza of INC, in 1999 he defeated Gurudas Natekar of INC.\"The communal tag attached to the BJP has now vanished with the entry of many minority leaders,\" said D'Souza. D'Souza has benefitted from the fact that he has no formidable opposition in Mapusa. Congress lacks a strong organization.\"Nothing has been finalized yet. Hopefully things will be cleared within a day or two,\" said Sirsat.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738591", "title": "Kahaani makers' defend their marketing strategy", "text": "Avery pregnant woman was frantically looking for her husband at a railway platform in Mumbai recently. A few days later, a 'Missing' poster of a man named Arnab Bagchi was pasted across the city.It took some time for Mumbaikars to realise that all of this was just a publicity gimmick for Sujoy Ghosh's upcoming Vidya Balan starrer Kahaani. While a section of viewers believed that such film marketing strategy might hurt the sentiments of people whose family members have gone missing, the makers of the film defend their move.Talking to Mumbai Mirror, the filmmaker said, \"It is a publicity strategy conceptualised and executed by Viacom18. And I am in total agreement. We have to make people aware of the movie. I think there's no harm in it. Below every 'Missing' poster we have mentioned the movie website.\"Many believe that such promotional campaigns, like a missing poster, are insensitive and not in good taste. However, Vikram Malhotra, Chief Operating Officer of Studio18, believes this strategy would in fact increase awareness.\"Kahaani is a unique film. It brings back the genre of suspense and mystery to Hindi cinema. And a unique film deserved a unique marketing strategy. it is a clutter breaking campaign. We have put up 'Missing' posters across the city, as newspaper inserts and also on Facebook and other websites. Also, Vidya Balan went to the Khar railway station looking for her missing husband. This has created an unprecedented buzz around the film,\" revealed Malhotra.As for people being confused with the posters, Malhotra felt, \"The marketing raises the consciousness about missing people. At the moment over 17 lakh people are missing in India. We want people to be aware.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11735306", "title": "Gas cylinder blast kills one, injures two", "text": "SURAT: A woman died of burns while her husband and their six-month old son sustained severe injuries when a gas cylinder exploded due to leakage when she was making tea in her house in Sama Society in Varachha.Varsha Nadia, 25, died at the Surat Municipal Institute of Medical Education and Research (SMIMER) after a brief treatment on Thursday morning. She was admitted along with her husband Bhavesh and son Mantra.The blast was so powerful that the windows of Nadia's house as well her neighbour's were shattered.Fire officials believe that the leaked gas first caught fire and then the cylinder exploded.It is believed that the gas leakage was continuous since Wednesday night and the family went to sleep without noticing the problem. The door and windows were kept closed by the family due to chilly weather and the gas got accumulated.Bhavesh works in a textile embroidery unit and the couple got married couple of years back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11734948", "title": "PMC bid to better sanitation in city", "text": "PATNA: Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has readied an integrated project to process and dispose of solid waste.\"We will invite private parties for door-to-door collection of garbage,\" PMC commissioner Pankaj K Pal told TOI on Thursday. Bihar Urban Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (BUIDCo) is preparing the tender. \"It will be floated by February 15,\" said BUIDCo's MD Anupam Kumar Suman.The 'Integrated Municipal Solid Waste Processing and Disposal Project', to be developed on PPP model, will process 1000 tonnes solid waste per day. It has to be completed within 12 months at an estimated cost of Rs 499.7 million under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission. The facility will be developed in the Ramchak Bairia locality where a plot of land has been acquired by PMC.The private parties will be assigned the task of garbage collection in 63 of the 71 wards in Patna, Pal said and added the sanitation work in the remaining wards would be managed by PMC.Patna generates approximately 1000 tonnes of municipal solid waste daily. The city has been virtually garbage ridden ever since A2Z Infrastructure, a private agency, suspended its services due to non-payment of its dues by PMC in July last year. A2Z had been assigned the task to provide sanitation services in nine wards and on 10 main roads in the city.According to Pal, PMC lacks adequate infrastructure to provide sanitation service. \"In the past 10 years, Patna's residential area has grown three times while its population has grown four times. But the PMC's manpower has declined by 40%,\" Pal had recently told TOI.With only 1000 garbage points, 1300 regular sanitation workers, 59 tractors and around a dozen loaders, PMC has been providing sanitation service for past seven months. \"Garbage collection is the main challenge. We will process the project move fast. Till it becomes functional, collected garbage will continue to be dumped at the designated space in Ramchak Bairia locality,\" said Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji/vasco", "code": "11735208", "title": "Restricted water supply to Pernem, Vasco", "text": "PANAJI/VASCO: There will be restricted water supply to the entire Pernem taluka on February 3 due to urgent mechanical maintenance work at the pump house of the 15 MLD water treatment plant at Chandel, states a press note issued by the Alto Porvorim office of the public works department.Water supply will also be restricted to Baina, Sada, Bogda, Mormugao Port Trust and surrounding areas in Vasco on February 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mairh colony", "code": "11736479", "title": "He's a music buff like no other", "text": "MAIRH COLONY: When Ravinder Singh Saini returns after a hectic day at his garment store, he finds solace in a treasure at his residence in Mairh Colony.The 47-year-old businessman's house is no less than a library of the music composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal, the wizard duo of yesteryears' Bollywood. There is hardly any movie with Laxmikant-Pyarelal's composition that is not available in Ravinder's collection.\"I have a collection of more than 550 movies for which these legends composed music,'' says Ravinder, who started stocking his favourite audio cassettes during his college days. \"I have collected this music from Dehradun, Ambala and Delhi. It was at Meena Bazaar in Delhi where I got the best collection and felt satisfied,'' says Ravinder.At times, he even paid as much as Rs 2,000 or more for a single cassette but never considered it a hole in his pocket as the music he was buying was priceless, says Ravinder.\"Whenever I used to get a new cassette, I would wake up in the night while everyone was asleep at home and place the addition to my collection according to a proper index,'' he adds.Ravinder has even copied the evergreen tracks to his computer from the audio cassettes.He often spends his evenings with Lakshmikant-Pyarelal, headphones plugged in and singing along. His friends and neighbour Harnek Saggu, a businessman, usually accompanies Ravinder on such evenings, as the friends delve themselves into the music created by another bunch of talented friends.\"I haven't seen such devotion towards a particular artist in any one as Ravinder has for Lakshmikant Pyarelal. When Lakshmikant died on May 25 in 1998, Ravinder cried singing \"Jane chale jate hain kahan duniya se jane wale,'' a song composed by the duo and sung by Mukesh.The die hard fan is in constant touch with Pyarelal. His only regret is that he couldn't meet Lakshmikant before he passed away. \"Pyarelal jee has invited me to Mumbai. He said I will be a guest for him and he would himself serve me food when I am there,'' says Ravinder, smiling as if there is nothing more he could ask for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734711", "title": "Stay put in MLA office for now, HC tells Stalin", "text": "CHENNAI: Noting that Chennai Corporation's resolution to evict former deputy chief minister MK Stalin from his MLA office premises at Kolathur had already been stayed, the Madras high court on Thursday refused to separately stay a government order issued on the same issue later.Justice K Venkataraman, adjourning a new writ petition of Stalin to February 2 for further hearing, said: \"I am of the considered view that since the petitioner (Stalin) is already armed with an interim injunction restraining the authorities from interfering with the functioning of his office, the matter can wait till Monday. The government cannot act in view of the interim injunction granted by this court.\"On June 29, 2011 the Chennai Corporation adopted a resolution to cancel the allotment of an office space for Stalin, who represents Kolathur assembly constituency. The resolution was challenged by Stalin and it was stayed by the high court.Meanwhile, the corporation had forwarded the resolution to the government, and the municipal administration and water supply department issued an order on November 8, 2011 cancelling the corporation resolution allotting an office space for Stalin.Acting upon the order, Chennai Corporation passed another resolution on December 15, 2011 to take back the land. The present petition was against the orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734817", "title": "Pursue options when local cops don't help", "text": "MUMBAI: The experience of Aarti Thakur, 22, who in November was sent away from the Malwani police station with only a lost certificate for her phone despite having her face slashed, highlights a yawning gap between citizens and the law-making machinery. Thakur was attacked twice after the November attack, the most recent one coming on Tuesday, when acid was thrown on her.Citizens said that had the police registered and investigated Thakur's case in November, she could have been spared the repeated attacks. Getting the police to record an official complaint is the right of every citizen, said human rights activists. There are several options if the cops don't cooperate.In November, Thakur received 16 stitches on her face before going to the police station. She said cops downplayed the incident as an attempted chain snatching. The police said they would have filed a case, but the woman accompanying Thakur convinced her to not complain.But due to the sutures, police action was imperative in Thakur's case. Aside from the police, the doctor who sutured her wounds should have taken note. \"In any incident of trauma or injury, it is mandatory for doctors to inform the police so that the issue is then in the domain of criminal law,\" said Dr Lalit Kapoor, medico-legal expert with the Association of Medical Consultants.Kapoor said such reporting is even more essential in the case of incised wounds caused by sharp instruments, like blades or knives, or lacerated wounds caused by blunt objects.Vibhuti Patel, professor of women's studies, SNDT University, said, \"Generally, the police are quite unsympathetic to young girls. Bogged down with crimes like murders and drug trafficking, they often regard crimes against women as time-pass. But it is the right of every citizen to get an FIR (First Information Report) recorded if he or she has been assaulted or has suffered some other crime.\"Activists said police refrain from filing FIRs, but merely jot down non-cognizable complaints. Such 'burking', keeps the crime rate low. \"Recording FIRs increases their workload. Just last month, the Bombay high court pulled them up saying that filing an FIR was not a favour,\" recalled advocate Kamayani Bali Mahabal.The advocate said citizens who have trouble getting FIRs filed should insist on meeting the senior inspector, assistant commissioner, deputy commissioner or even the additional commissioner. \"Send them your complaint by registered post so that you have an acknowledgment too,\" she advised. Patel said the city also has five women's cells, at the Crawford Market, Dadar, Kandivali, Thane and Dombivli police stations, where women can get help.Thakur's experience also reflects the deep mistrust between citizens and the police machinery, said activists. She left the police station without insisting on a complaint being lodged. Flavia Agnes, who runs the NGO Majlis, said by and large citizens want nothing to do with the police. \"They are afraid of the legal rigmarole. Till the law can assure that the perpetrator won't be released and pose a further threat to victims, citizens will hesitate to lodge police complaints,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "11735836", "title": "Yamunanagar youths allege bias in police recruitment", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Around 500 youths of Yamunanagar district have alleged bias against areas represented by opposition MLAs in police recrutient.Angry after seeing the result list displayed at police lines, Yamunangar, on Thursday, the youths assembled near Jagadhri bus stand to raise their voice. They formed an organization to demand cancellation of the recruitment.According to the protesters, there were only around 15 successful candidates from Yamunanagar district out of the 5,456 selected from the state. They alleged that the number of candidates from the constituency represented by the MLA of opposition party is nominal.\"Youths from Yamunanagar and Radaur have not been selected for recruitment as they belonged to constituencies represented by opposition party MLA while the candidates from Jagadhri benefited as they were from a constituency represented by ruling party MLA,\" said Mohit Rana, a group member.Rajbir, president of the group said, \"We will file an RTI application to know the facts about the recruitment, whereafter we will start a legal battle to get it cancelled.\"When contacted, neither ADGP (administration) Mohinder Lal nor ADGP (law and order) BS Sandhu commented on the issue. DGP R S Dalal could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736276", "title": "State will sensitize cops to organ donation norms", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the railway police's refusal to give a no-objection certificate for an organ donation at Bandra's Lilavati Hospital, the authorities are planning to release circulars and hold workshops to raise awareness of braindead organ donors.Dr Pravin Shingare, the acting head of the Department of Medical Education and Research ( DMER), said the government would soon issue a circular stating the protocol to be followed in case of braindeath donations. \"Our circular will state that policemen should consider the brain-stem death certificate issued by hospitals as a death certificate. They should then carry out a panchnama and give the NOC needed by the hospital to retrieve organs,\" said Dr Shingare.In the period between Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning, the GRP refused to give an NOC to Lilavati Hospital to retrieve the organs of Pushkar Goswami (61) who was in a brain-dead state. Goswami had collapsed at Bandra station on Monday and had suffered an intracranial bleed. The GRP's contention was that the panchnama could only be conducted after the hospital issues a death certificate. After the standoff, Goswami's family withdrew its consent for the organ donation.Meanwhile, the Zonal Transplant Coordination Centre's secretary-general Dr Sujata Patwardhan is scheduled to meet GRP commissioner Prabhat Kumar on Saturday to discuss the case. Lilavati Hospital medical superintendent Dr Sheela Prasad said she and Dr Patwardhan will meet Kumar. \"We will discuss the protocol to be followed by the police in such cases,\" said Dr Prasad,On Thursday, Bandra GRP officials said they had gone through the organ transplant act and found that the word 'police' was not mentioned in the legislation. \"Hence, there is no question of getting an NOC from the police,\" GRP officials said.Times ViewOrgan donation is a highly emotive issue. Families have to make the decision to donate their loved one's organs immediately after being told that their patient is in the irreversible condition of brain death. The government should take steps to ensure that they are not too bogged down by paperwork and red-tape at such a delicate moment in their life. Each arm of the government-be it police, the forensic staff conducting a post-mortem or the medical staff-should be sensitized in a manner that the donor family's altruistic act is appreciated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11738642", "title": "Govt committed to tourism development, says minister", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Villagers led by minister for social welfare, women &amp; child development Bimla Pradhan commemorated martyrs of Kolh Revolt (Larka Andolan, 1832) at their place of martyrdom, Tiko Pokhra Toli, of Kuru block in Lohardaga. The Kolh Revolt took place on February 2, 1832. It was a national movement of the aboriginals. Heroes of the revolt against the British, Veer Budhu Bhagat, his two sons Haldhar and Giridhar, daughters Runiyan and Jhuniyan and two others had sacrificed their lives at Tiko Pokhra Toli to make the motherland free. There were many others sacrificing their lives in the revolt at different places of Chhotanagpur. At Pokhra Toli of Tiko village locals used to organize a jatra (fair) near the mud smarak (memorial) of the martyrs.But after formation of Jharkhand, Sadhanu Bhagat, the local MLA and then transport minister in the Babulal Marandi ministry, initiated the cult of paying tribute to the martyrs. Veer Bhagat Smarak Samiti was formed which organized first grand Shradhanjali in memory of the martyrs that was also attended by Marandi. Sadhanu still takes great interest in organizing the function as a samiti patron.Vimla Pradhan attended this year's function as chief guest. She announced development and beautification of the place. She said that the state government was committed to development of tourist places which carry great historic value. \"Mahadeo Manda, the place of historic and religious value at Kuru block, will be developed as a tourist place. A survey has been completed at the chief engineer's level and estimate is being made for implementation of various projects soon,\" said the tourism minister.Accepting poor condition of electricity in Jharkhand, she said that the problem will soon be solved. She asked panchayat and civic body representatives to inspect anganwadis to improvement in its service. Every seven acres of land can be provided fund to construct stadiums.Local MLA Kamal Kishore Bhagat, who had been demanding Mahadeo Manda's development as a tourist place, thanked the minister for her quick response in this regard and demanded the same for Tiko Pokhra Toli. DC Ratan Kumar, SP J K Singh, Gumla MLA Kamlesh Oraon, Palkot Estate prince Srinath Shahdeo, SDO J N Prasad, BDO Vijay Kumar also attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "a supreme court bench of g s singhvi and a k ganguly on thursday delivered a hard-hitting and far-reaching judgement on the 2g scam . petitions were filed by the centre for public interest litigation (with which prashant bhushan is associated) and subramanian swamy against the centre. here are a few key observations and conclusions made in the verdict", "code": "11737346", "title": "2G scam: In the words of Justices Singhvi and Ganguly", "text": "A Supreme Court bench of G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly on Thursday delivered a hard-hitting and far-reaching judgement on the 2G scam . Petitions were filed by the Centre for Public Interest Litigation (with which Prashant Bhushan is associated) and Subramanian Swamy against the Centre. Here are a few key observations and conclusions made in the verdict:ON TRAI'S ROLETo say the least , the entire approach adopted by Trai was lopsided and contrary to the decision taken by the council of ministers and its recommendations became a handle for the then minister of C&IT; and officers of DoT who virtually gifted away the important national asset at throwaway prices The recommendations made by Trai were flawed in many respects and implementation thereof by DoT resulted in gross violation of the objective of NPT 1999ON FIRST-CUM-FIRST-SERVED VERSUS AUCTIONSoon after obtaining the licences , some of the beneficiaries off-loaded their stakes to others , in the name of transfer of equity or infusion of fresh capital by foreign companies , and thereby made huge profits . We have no doubt that if the method of auction had been adopted for grant of licence , which could be the only rational transparent method for distribution of national wealth , the nation would have been enriched by many thousand crores There is a fundamental flaw in the principle of first-come-first-served inasmuch as it involves an element of pure chance or accident . In matters involving award of contracts or grant of licence or permission to use public property , the invocation of first-come-first-served principle has inherently dangerous implications . Any person who has access to corridors of power at the highest or the lowest level may be able to obtain information from government files or the files of the agency / instrumentality of the State that a particular public property or asset is likely to be disposed of or a contract is likely to be awarded or a licence or permission would be given . He would immediately make an application and would become entitled to stand first in the queue at the cost of all others who may have a better claim When it comes to alienation of scarce natural resources like spectrum etc., the State must always adopt a method of auction by giving wide publicity so that all eligible persons may participate in the process . Any other methodology for disposal of public property and natural resources /national assets is likely to be misused by unscrupulous people who are only interested in garnering maximum financial benefit and have no respect for the constitutional ethos and valuesON RAJA &amp; DOT'S ROLEThe exercise undertaken by officers of DoT between September , 2007 and March 2008 under the leadership of the then minister of C&IT; was wholly arbitrary , capricious and contrary to public interest apart from being violative of the doctrine of equality . The material produced before the court shows that the minister of C&IT; wanted to favour some companies at the cost of the public exchequer The manner in which the exercise for grant of LoIs to the applicants was conducted on 10.1.2008 leaves no room for doubt that everything was stage managed to favour those who were able to know in advance (of the) change in the implementation of the first-come-first served principleON SC'S RIGHT TO INTERVENE IN THIS CASEThere cannot be any quarrel with the proposition that the court cannot substitute its opinion for the one formed by experts in the particular field and due respect should be given to the wisdom of those who are entrusted with the task of framing policies . However , when it is clearly demonstrated before the court that the policy framed by the State or its agency /instrumentality and /or its implementation is contrary to public interest or is violative of the constitutional principles , it is the duty of the court to exercise its jurisdiction in larger public interestON CAG &amp; OTHERSBut for the vigilance of some enlightened citizens who hold important constitutional and other positions and discharge their duties in larger public interest and non-governmental organizations who have been constantly fighting for clean governance and accountability of the constitutional institutions , unsuspecting citizens and the nation would never have known how (a) scarce natural resource spared by the Army has been grabbed by those who enjoy money power and who have been able to manipulate the systemON DEALING WITH NATIONAL ASSETS LIKE SPECTRUMWhat needs to be emphasized is that the State and / or its agencies /instrumentalities cannot give largesse to any person according to the sweet will and whims of the political entities and /or officers of the State Appearance of public justice is as important as doing justice. Nothing should be done which gives an appearance of bias , jobbery or nepotism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11736470", "title": "Two fly out with dud passports", "text": "KOCHI: Two people who have no valid identification records got passports from the regional passport office in Kochi and went abroad before the state police or intelligence agencies could nab them.The incident came to light during the police verification process when it was learnt that the address provided was false. Both of them had taken passports under the tatkal scheme from the passport office between May and September, 2011. City police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said the criminals are using the tatkal scheme to take passports as the verification procedure is conducted only after the passport is delivered to the applicant.\"The duo submitted fake documents. We have alerted the intelligence bureau and emigration wing,\" said intelligence officials. The passports were issued in the name of Aji Jayaprakash and P Muhammed who furnished a Kochi address.\"We suspect a nexus between the officials at the passport office and the agents who played the middlemen. Though the addresses given are fake, the passports were delivered by registered post and the applicants got it too,\" an official said. \"In such cases, we immediately alert the passport office. They in turn take steps to recall the passport and alert the emigration wing to impound the culprits,\" said Ajith Kumar. Last year, 47 people were arrested at Nedumbassery airport while attempting to board international flights using fake passports.Officials at the passport office said that an applicant usually submits three identification documents mainly voter ID, driving licence and bank passbook to avail passport under tatkal scheme for a fee of Rs 2,500. \"The passport is delivered through registered post within 15 working days. Later, the application details are forwarded to police for verification,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "11736497", "title": "Wielding needles for over 69 years to show love", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: As Manjeet Kaur, 81, and her husband S S Channa sit in their home's backyard soaking in the sun, the scene looks idyllic. She is knitting, her hands wielding the needles slowly but steadily, and he patiently helps her sort the jumbled wool once in a while.Married to her for 59 years, Channa knows that knitting means much more to Manjeet than a way to while away time.\"Knitting has been one of the expressions of her deep love,'' he says, pointing to the beige cardigan he is wearing. \"This one was what she made for me on our first anniversary on December 9, way back in 1954. I have preserved every single thing she has ever knit for me till date,'' he adds.Blushing, Manjeet informs that she gifted her husband a sweater matching the colour of his turban on every anniversary. Even his gloves, socks and muffler are knit by Manjeet.Her project now is a sweater for her son Karamveer Singh. Manjeet says she started knitting when she was in Class VI and knit so many things that there is practically no one in her family who does not keep snug in one of her knit things. Two of their daughters stay in the United States of America and another stays in Puducherry and all of their kids lover wearing sweaters that their grandmother knits.\"We go to the US once every three years and are scheduled to go this year. My granddaughter Sonia and grandson Kanwalpreet have already placed their demand for sweaters,'' she says.Channa, a retired Indian Forest Services officer, says their lives are much like the knitting Manjeet does. \"It's like the years have been knit carefully in the best of shades by the Almighty. Ours was an arranged marriage but I think it has more substance than the love marriages of these days. I was a class one officer and she was a homemaker taking care of me in the best possible way and knitting has always been a part of the relationship,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11735574", "title": "Trams not an option", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After much deliberations, Chandigarh administration has out rightly rejected any possibility of introducing tram system as mode of public transport in city on the grounds that the system is rigid and requires overhead cables and poles thus impinging upon aesthetic beauty of city.The decision to reject trams was taken after the opinion of RITES, which is consultant for preparation comprehensive mobility plan for mass transport system of city. RITES has recommended that instead of trams, bus rapid transit is better option.Importantly, UT was exploring the possibility of introducing trams in city in pursuance of directions of the Punjab and Haryana high court given on November 11, 2010 asking UT to consider trams as mode of public transport. Following this UT had asked RITES to give its opinion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "11733106", "title": "BDO suspended for 'abusing' tribal women", "text": "ROURKELA: The Sundergarh district administration has suspended a BDO for allegedly abusing three tribal women.Sources said Niranjan Sahoo, who was posted as the Kutra BDO, had allegedly used filthy language against the three female employees about three months ago. One of the women had lodged a police complaint, emboldening the other two victims to do likewise.The incident had triggered a furore among local tribals, who demanded the BDO's ouster. They alleged that police and the district administration were not taking action on the complaints because Sahoo's relative was the private secretary of a BJD minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11738447", "title": "Two cops shot at in Morena", "text": "BHOPAL: Two policemen were seriously injured when three miscreants allegedly fired upon them in Morena district on Thursday morning, said police. One of the injured cops was airlifted to AIIMS in Delhi for treatment.One of the three accused was arrested during a search while Rs 5,000 reward each has been declared on the two absconding.The incident took place on Thursday morning following a tip-off that three miscreants were hiding on the outskirts of Morena, said the SP of Morena Sanjay Singh.A police team led by sub-inspector Shreenath Jharwade was rushed to the spot. When the trio was asked to surrender, they started firing on the policemen injuring Jharwade and a constable Kuldeep Dohre. They fired from 315 bore rifle, the police said.\"Jharwarde's injury was very serious and we first rushed him to Gwalior and then airlifted him to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences,\" the SP told TOI.One of the trio Amit Sharma has been arrested while Giriraj Sharma anda Joga Pandit are at large and a reward of Rs 5,000 each on the duo has been announced, SP said. Joga has a criminal record and was jailed under the National Security Act also in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11738375", "title": "MPHB officials booked", "text": "BHOPAL: A few employees of the Madhya Pradesh Housing Board (MPHB) have been booked for allegedly hurting religious sentiments in Bagh Sewania area on Thursday afternoon.The Housing Board employees and officials, including Santosh Chaturvedi, Raj Singh and Ghanshyam and a few others reached a spot near Arvind Vihar for vacating board's land. The piece of land has a temple. During the action, the employees allegedly damaged an idol at the temple, triggering a protest by the locals against it.Subsequently, police personnel from nearby Bagh Sewania police station rushed there. The irate local residents were pacified only after an assurance about filing of a case against those responsible for the act. The police have registered a case for allegedly hurting religious sentiments, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734273", "title": "Fatwa issued against excess revelry on Milad-un Nabi", "text": "HYDERABAD: A leading seminary of the city said on Thursday that the Muslims cannot be permitted to play music, sing and dance as a part of Milad-un Nabi (birth anniversary of Prophet Mohammed) celebrations on February 5.Concerns have been expressed by a section of the community if such large-scale celebrations, a trend seen only in the past few years, has the sanction of the religion. Responding to a query posed by one Hamid, the 135-year-old Jamea Nizamia located in Shibligunj, Hussainialam, issued a fatwa barring the devout in indulging in any kind of celebration that is beyond the parameters of the Sharia or the Islamic law. \"Playing music at volume that could cause inconvenience to others is not allowed. If there is apprehension that reading the Koran loudly could disturb others, it should not be allowed,\" said the fatwa.The edict signed by six senior functionaries of the Jamea also told the Muslims that making models of Kabatullah or the house of God in Mecca and dome of Prophet Mohammed's resting place in Madina 'is against the respect that is reserved to them.'The fatwa, however, said the birthday of the Prophet was an occasion of joy for all the Muslims. The Muslims organize meetings to remember the Prophet, mass feeding camps and other charitable events. \"But the expression of happiness should be within the limits of the Sharia,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11740246", "title": "Standing for a Cause", "text": "Students today, live in a world that is rampant with social disasters and cries for help; but not many of them are proactive. Zinat Aboli, a BMM professor of Usha Pravin Gandhi College of Management (UPGCM), Mumbaiand head of the colleges womens cell expresses concern, Students arent totally forthcoming about social work. It is only upon insistence and making them do projects that they make an effort to do something.On the brighter side though, the numbers seem to be growing slowly but steadily. This small community filled with zealous, wilful students is branching out, extending their support to those in need. Social workers in the form of school and college going students is no longer a myth in the making theyre taking up the responsibility of cleaning up the society in every aspect, and providing those with poor lifestyles, an opportunity to redeem themselves.WHAT?Social work in this case neednt be restricted to general clean-up sessions or pledges to look after the environment. These youngsters are expanding their bases to animal shelters and NGOs that help out the homeless with suitable food and clothing. College clubs like NSS and the Rotaract Clubs all take an initiative in making a difference in the lives of many such helpless souls.Pratishtha Gala, a member of Rotaract Club of HR College, Mumbaisays, ve organised a number of major and minor projects for the underprivileged. Weve done everything from a dandiya night for the blind called Utsav, an athletic meet for the mentally challenged called Prerana to teaching at night schools. We even go to numerous special schools during Christmas and help them celebrate the day.Colleges like UPGCM have also established womens cells aimed at the welfare of women. Aboli says, When drives and seminars are organised, we do have a lot of girls readily involving themselves in the cell activities.Students are also popular inhabitants of animal shelters; with the rising cases of street animal accidents and cruelty to animals in general. Siddhi Anekar, a student of Bombay Veterinarian College and a member of 'Animals Matter to Me' says, We take in accidental and critical cases, and try to nurture the animals back to health as soon as possible. Weve had a lot of street dog cases, and make sure they get all the care they need. Taking an initiative, as is obvious, is not a hard task. Colleges and schools together highlight the need to protect nature, what with dedicating a day to specially plant trees, but it is only a few of these students who take an interest and go forth with learning more about the need for social work.WHY?The underlying reason for students taking to social welfare is to create and be responsible for a better society, environment and better world. Anil Bhadavkar, a student of SGM College, Mumbaiand a member of Social Footprint and Childline says, Our organisation helps with student sponsorships. I enrolled myself into Childline because I always had an interest in social work. I wanted to help rescue those living in terrible conditions, or guiding those with terrible backgrounds, and as a member, I was able to do all these things.Colleges with social clubs, as mentioned before, are an added impetus to those enrolling themselves for the same. The available option is enough reason for them to go forth and be a part of something that could possibly be a big thing for them. Students dont necessarily queue up to register for these clubs, but there are a significant few who are willing to juggle the books with the cause.Time has shown us that one neednt be an affluent human to support the needs of the less fortunate; the ability lies in the enthusiasm to care.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "manjit nagar", "code": "11736579", "title": "Ranjeet holds on to sweet success", "text": "MANJIT NAGAR: Ranjeet Singh, who won a bronze medal in the 57th national school athletic championship that was held in the city, is still relishing the memory of his victory for more reasons than one.The win, he said was sweeter because it was his first time at a national-level competition. Ranjeet won the medal for triple jump in under-19 category.A resident of Manjit Nagar, Ranjeet said his only aim is to represent the country in international athletics events and the dream is beginning to look real. Though he belongs to Tarn Taran, Ranjeet said he has moved to the city because of the facilities available.\"I spend five hours practising under the supervision of coach S S Pannu,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11740101", "title": "PPP to contest SC move against PM Yousuf Raza Gilani: Report", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The ruling Pakistan Peoples Party's top leadership has decided to contest the Supreme Court's move to frame contempt charges against Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani while not seeking any sort of confrontation with the judiciary, according to a media report on Friday.Gilani's lawyer Aitzaz Ahsan is likely to file an appeal in a few days against the apex court's order summoning the premier on February 13 for the framing of contempt of court charges for failing to act on orders to reopen graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .The government's stand in the matter has been influenced by its desire to ensure that nothing affects the holding of polls to the Senate or upper house of parliament scheduled for next month, The Express Tribune quoted its sources as saying.The PPP's top leaders have advised cadres \"not to resort to public rhetorical attacks against the assertive judiciary\", the report said.The PPP will fight its case in court \"with all its might\", arguing that Zardari enjoys immunity under the constitution from prosecution in all criminal proceedings inside and outside the country.Most PPP leaders were tight-lipped when asked to comment on Thursday's proceedings in the apex court.However, a majority of them said during informal interactions that the government was being \"squeezed\" by the judiciary.\"We have a right to go for a review, as has been mentioned by the counsel of the PM,\" an unnamed PPP leader said.\"One should not forget that after the 18th amendment that right of a fair trial has been recognised as a basic right of every citizen under clause 10A of the constitution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11738111", "title": "SWC to hold public hearing in Feb, March", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh State Woman's Commission will hold public hearings in various districts in February and March for redressing women's problems. The commission will organize joint benches at Sagar, Guna, Ashok Nagar, Panna, Sidhi, Umaria and Bhopal in February and Bhind, Morena, Dewas, Dhar, Bhopal, Mandla, Balaghat, Singrauli and Katni in March.Commission's members Snehlata Upadhyay and Vandana Mandavi will hear the problems of women at a joint bench at Sagar on February 9 and 10. Similarly, Commission chairperson Upma Rai and member Shashi Sinho will hold a joint bench at Guna and Ashok Nagar on February 16 and 17, Upma Rai and Jyoti Yevatikar at Panna on February 23 and 24, Vandana Mandavi and Snehlata Upadhyay at Umaria and Shahdol on February 22, 23 and 24 and Upma Rai will hold a hearing at Bhopal on February 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736122", "title": "\u2018Punish govt officers who issued bogus ration cards\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Expressing concern over 53 lakh bogus ration cards in the state, the HC has sought action against government officers who issued them. The state admitted that it had detected and cancelled over 53 lakh bogus ration cards in the last year.\"Detecting bogus ration cards is one step to tackle the menace but unless the officers who issue such bogus ration cards are identified, apprehended and punished, the problem can never be eradicated,\" said a division bench of Justice D D Sinha and Justice Vijaya Kapse-Tahilramani.\"Genuine beneficiaries are kept out of the purview of the public distribution system while ineligible persons are availing of the benefits,\" they added.\"Evolve a mechanism to identify such officers who are responsible for issuing such boguscards,\" thejudgesfurther maintained.The court was hearing a PIL aboutbogus ration cardsin a village, but its scope was widened to include the whole state. Following a December 2010 order, the government carried out a state-wide exercise. When asked by thecourt about the officers responsible, the advocate said that no action had been taken so far. \"It is difficult to pin point the officers responsible for issuing such cards,\" said advocate Pawar.Not satisfied by the response,the court said the officer in charge of the area where the bogus cards were issued should be prosecuted. The high court has given the state four weeks to spell out the mechanism it plans toi mplement to proceed against officers who issued or those who instigate dother officers to issue such bogus cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11727170", "title": "Rasika, Chetan's arty evening", "text": "Rasika and Chetan Kajaria recently hosted an arty evening in the capital, where works of many artists like Arunkumar HG, Bose Krishnamachari and GR Iranna, among others, were on display.Rasika told us, \"The culture of contemporary art is booming in India.\"The evening saw many foreigners admiring the works. \"I like to call India the country of art,\" said Elke Falat of Berlin .But it looked like not everyone was there for art, because we overheard one of the phoren guests tell a waiter in broken Hindi, \" Bhaiya yeh pizza humein dede, humein iski zyada zarurat hai.\"Megha Mishra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11740269", "title": "Govt has moved 'substantially forward' in curbing graft: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday said government has moved \"substantially forward\" in curbing corruption and improving public services delivery system but acknowledged there is \"still a long way\" to go to ensure transparency, accountability and probity in public life.Addressing the conference of chief secretaries here, the Prime Minister also expressed confidence that a strong Lokpal law would be enacted soon.Singh recalled that last year he had emphasised the need for a systemic response that reduced opportunities for corruption in public life and had stated that his government was committed to taking all legal and administrative measures to curb the menace.\"I had also said that we should make full use of advances in modern technology to improve the delivery of our public services system. We have moved substantially forward in these areas in the last one year,\" he said.The Prime Minister cited the Citizen's Charter and the electronic delivery of services bills introduced in Parliament last year as examples.Noting that \"unfortunately, the Lokpal and Lokayuktas Bills could not be passed in the last session of Parliament\", Singh said he does hope that the government \"would soon be able to enact a strong Lokpal law\".The Prime Minister also referred to the government's plan to frame a law for regulating public procurement, implementing national e-governance plan and providing 'Aadhar' numbers.\"All this builds upon our earlier initiatives such as the Right to Information Act, the Judicial Accountability Bill and the Whistle Blowers Bill. But, we still have a long way to go in our efforts for ensuring transparency, accountability and probity in public life,\" he said.Hailing as \"creditable\" the growth rate of the country's economy at the rate of 8.4 per cent in the backdrop of a crisis-ridden world economy, Singh said that the growth in the current financial year is, however, likely to be lower between 7 to 7.5 per cent in a large measure due to the continuing uncertainty in the global economic environment.While noting that inflation was a persistent problem during the course of last year, particularly with regard to food items, the Prime Minister said the government took several measures to ease supply constraints that were a cause for rising prices.\"This coupled with the policy of monetary tightening that the Reserve Bank adopted has led to a continuous decrease in inflationary pressure in primary food articles in recent weeks.\"The overall inflation has also eased. But, monetary tightening together with a difficult global economic environment, particularly the lingering Euro Zone crisis, has impacted the rate of growth adversely\", he said.Singh said that the key to controlling inflation in food articles on a sustainable basis lay in increasing agricultural production and productivity in which the \"state governments have a crucial role to play\".He also urged states to give more attention to areas such as modernisation of agricultural research and agricultural extension system, public investment in agriculture, and reform of the agricultural marketing system and practices.The Prime Minister felt there was a need to review and amend the Agriculture Produce Marketing Act to enable farmers to bring their products to retail outlets and also allow retailers to directly purchase from the farmers.He said this would bring better remuneration to farmers, check wastage and allow competitive prices to prevail in retail markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734284", "title": "Knotting in harmony and income", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nazma Saiyad, 35, a home maker and mother of two, is busy keeping with her new craft of crochet art work at Sarkhej Roza - a monumental ode to communal harmony. Saiyad who barely knows how to read and write wants to upgrade her craft skills to supplement her family's income.\"I always fancied learning crochet but never thought I would really get a chance,\" said Nazma. Nazma eked out her living on odd stitching assignments she bagged from around the neighbourhood. However, after learning this craft she has get the chance to work on various crochet assignments outsourced by known designers. \"I am thrilled to learn this new art which, if I can master it, can fetch me good money as well,\" she said.Similarly, Jabeen Ajmeri, 30, home maker, said, \"Being able to developing skills of crochet craftsmanship is like my dream come true. Learning this art is fascinating and moreover this skill will help me earn a bit more,\" she said.The crochet training session was conducted by Sheila Clein, an American designer who was in the city to take sessions at the National Institute of Design and put up a week-long exhibition of her works at L P Hutheesing Visual Arts Centre. She trained about 10 Muslim women at Sarkhej Roza in a session organised by Ahmedabad Community Foundation (ACF).During the training session, the group of women created a wall decor of crochet which is to be put up for permanent display at Sarkhej Roza to commemorate the partnership the women and the international designer.Bhavna Ramrakhyani, founder of ACF, said, \"This was one of the series of women's skill upgradation programs we have been doing since the last decade at Sarkhej Roza. The focus is to enable a free inter-flow and exchange of ideas and knowledge among various sectors of society. And link the community to promote the heritage structure Sarkhej Roza - a heritage structure which is not only significant for its architecture but is also as a symbol of community harmony.\"Sheila Clein, the American designer, said, \"Common interest in crochet bonded all us together to work as a team. It was an honour to get involved in this community upliftment program.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11737759", "title": "BJP embarks on Vikas Yatra in Indore constituencies", "text": "INDORE: In a bid to reach out to the masses and to make them aware about the welfare measures undertaken by the state and achievements of the government ahead of next year's assembly elections in the state, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers led by the party legislators embarked on a three-week mass contact programme Vikas Yatra on Wednesday. The yatra will cover all the nine assembly constituencies in Indore district.Party candidates, who lost the last assembly election are also involved in the drive. The BJP men have been given the task of reaching out to people in each ward per day to convince the voters about the achievements of the state government since it came to power.The partymen will also highlight the government's welfare schemes. The entire exercise is being seen as a warm-up before the polls. In Indore I constituency, MLA Sudarshan Gupta led the drive from Bhagirathpura while in Indore II constituency, BJP state general secretary Nandkumar Singh Chouhan flagged off the yatra led by the MLA Ramesh Mendola. IMC chairman Rajendra Rathore and MiC members Munnalal Yadav, Chandu Shinde and Suresh Korwade accompanied him.In Indore III constituency, Indore mayor Krishnamurari Moghe flagged off the yatra. He reminded the people that in last two years, Indore Municipal Corporation carried out many development works. The yatra was led by Gopi Krishna Neema and Govind Maloo. MP Sumitra Mahajan flagged off the yatra in Indore IV constituency. Local MLA Malini Gaur and other leaders were present on the occasion. In Indore V, which is represented by minister of state for health Mahendra Hardia, the yatra started from Musakhedi area.In Rau constituency, the yatra started from Rau village, while in Sanwer, it began from Khajuria. In Rau, MLA Jeetu Gerati and in Sanwer defeated party candidate Nisha Sonkar led the yatra. In Mhow, industry minister Kailash Vijayvargiya and in Depalpur, ex-MLA Manoj Patel led the yatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11738950", "title": "Army chief age row: SC questions govt procedure, defers hearing till Feb 10", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief Gen V K Singh seems to have won the first round in the legal battle on the age row with the Supreme Court on Friday saying the manner in which his statutory complaint was rejected by the government \"appears to be vitiated\".Posting the matter for hearing on February 10, the court sought to know whether the government would like to withdraw its December 30, 2011 order.Defence minister A K Antony had issued an order on December 30 turning down the statutory complaint of Gen Singh that his date of birth be treated in Army's records as May 10, 1951 and not as May 10, 1950.Posing questions to the government, the bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale was of the view that the defence ministry's order of July 21, 2011 holding the date of birth as May 10, 1950 was based on the opinion of attorney general and so was the case when the December 30 order was passed on the statutory complaint.After the court asked whether the government would like to withdraw the December 30 order, attorney general G E Vahanvati said he will seek instruction from the government on the issue.The court said there were other remedies available for Gen Singh if the government withdraws its December 30 order.It said in that case Gen Singh's statutory complaint against July 21 order can be reconsidered by the authorities and there was also an option for him to approach the Armed Forces Tribunal.During the hearing, the bench observed that when it was held that Gen Singh's complaint was not maintainable, the only remedy he had was to approach the apex court.From the outset, the bench questioned the decision-making process of the government.\"We are not concerned as much with the decision but we are concerned with the decision-making process which is vitiated as the July 21 order was also based on the consideration of opinion given by the attorney general and when the statutory complaint of the Army chief was decided on December 30, there also attorney general's opinion was taken into consideration,\" the bench observed.The bench further said, \"The material on record will not withstand the test of principle of natural justice and principle of ultra vires.\"The attoreny general and the solicitor general Rohinton Nariman defended the government action and said on the facts no prejudice is caused to Gen Singh.Reacting to the court order, one of Gen Singh's counsel Punit Bali said they were definitely happy with the order but would not go into the merits of the case since it is sub judice.He said the main question raised by the court was can the authority which rejected the general's statutory complaint base its decision on the advice of the attorney general who had earlier advised the government to come to a conclusion in its July 21 order.Telling the media not to read too much, Bali said it is normal procedure for courts to raise queries.While the attorney general was defending his action in giving opinion, the bench said \"we are more concerned about Constitutional principles--whether this order of December 30 stands the test of constitutional principle of natural justice and principle of ultra vires.It also asked the AG whether the government wants to withdraw the December 30 order.\"Be clear whether you want to withdraw this December 30 order,\" it said.To this the attorney general replied, \"I will take instructions.\"\"You take your position about this order,\" the court told him.The bench also asked the government as to why should the matter be not brought to an end.While suggestions were being made that Gen Singh can also approach the Armed Force Tribunal, the bench said, only four months are left for him to retire and it is probably not the best remedy.The bench also said that though the tribunal is headed by its retired judge, there are also members who come from the services and there is a possibility that they could either be junior or senior to Gen Singh at some point of time.Gen Singh had moved the apex court in January this year accusing the government of treating him in a manner reflecting total lack of adherence to procedure and principles of natural justice in deciding his age.The Army chief took the unprecedented step of dragging the government to the apex court after the defence ministry had insisted upon treating May 10, 1950, as his official date of birth, necessitating his retirement on May 31 this year.Challenging the government's decision to determine May 10, 1950, as his date of birth and not May 10, 1951, Gen Singh, in a 68-page petition, has maintained that his acceptance of 1950 as the year of his birth was given in good faith at the behest of the then chief of Army Staff and not due to agreement with the conclusion of the military secretary's branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736322", "title": "Shops selling OTC cough syrups in dock", "text": "MUMBAI: The state Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has cancelled the licences of 40 medical stores, suspended those of another 252 and served show-cause notices on 97 shopowners for illegally selling cough syrups over the counter (OTC). These retailers were held guilty of selling cough syrups containing codeine phosphate without prescription.\"Our state-wide survey found blatant violation of rules, therefore we decided to crack the whip. Our campaign against such erring shops will continue since we found that several youths have become addicted to cough syrups,'' FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagde told TOI on Thursday.Codeine phosphate is an opioid cough suppressant that also acts as a mild painkiller. It causes drowsiness and is contraindicated in people with other complaints. Corex, Phensedyl, Rex-Coff, Rancoff, Mitscodeine and RC are some of the popular syrups in this category in Maharashtra.All cough syrups, including those that contain codiene phosphate, must be sold on the prescription of a registered medical practitioner only and it is binding on the chemist to maintain a comprehensive record of the names of the patient and the doctor who prescribed the medicine.The state FDA says a large number of youths, who have no ailment, consume the syrups containing codeine phosphate in huge quantities as acheaper substitute for alcohol. In the case of the 40 shops whose licences were cancelled permanently, the FDA found that they had sold more than 1,500 bottles of the cough syrup in the last six months without maintaining any record. Initially, a show-cause notice was served; they were then asked to produce copies of the bills, prescriptions issued by the doctors and names of the patients. \"We had given them enough time, but when they failed to produce the records we had no option but to cancel their licences,\" FDA chief Mahesh Zagde said. On suspension of licences, Zagde said the only difference was that these stores had sold a comparatively lower quantity of cough syrups.\"But an offence is an offence. We have only given them an opportunity to present their case. In fact, in one case, we have lodged a criminal complaint against a shopowner who failed to cooperate with our officials,'' he added. The FDA now seeks to launch an awareness drive among the youth to wean them away from the medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734548", "title": "Blow for Congress as nominee joins BJP", "text": "NAGPUR: Totally caught unawares by the Deekshaboomi fiasco when the party failed to field any candidate from the prabhag against rival BJP nominee Vishakha Maind, the Congress went ahead to score a self-goal on Thursday.In the first list of candidates for the NMC polls released by the Congress, Sonali Gatlewar figures as the Congress candidate. But, by evening, Gatlewar said she had already joined the BJP and the Congress had given her a ticket without even seeking consent.\"There is no question of her contesting as a Congress nominee,\" said Manoj Gatlewar, Sonali's husband who took questions on her behalf. \"We were not even consulted nor was our view taken before the announcement,\" he claimed, heaping further embarrassment on the Congress party.With the Congress not fielding any candidate from that seat, Vishakha Maind, wife of sitting BJP corporator Baba Maind, could now be declared a winner without a fight as there is no contestant against her.Gatlewar has already submitted her request for withdrawing from the electoral fray which would be considered after her nomination papers are scrutinized on Friday. The withdrawal application is believed to have been handed over to the Mainds. At a simple function held at Sugandh Mangal Karyalay, opposite Traffic Park, Gatlewar was welcomed by BJP city chief Anil Sole and west Nagpur MLA Sudhakar Deshmukh.More shocking was the absence of any plausible explanation to the whole fiasco from the Congress. City Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta said he was unaware of Gatlewar being given nomination. \"I left Mumbai at noon, by which time the first list of candidates was yet to be finalized,\" he told TOI after reaching the city.Ex MLA Anees Ahmed shifted the blame on MP Vilas Muttemwar . \"Ask him, it happened in his home turf. I was away on party assignment in Uttarakhand,\" he said.The seat assumed importance as Muttemwar and several other Congress stalwarts live in the area yet the party could not find a candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11735528", "title": "Schools yet to apprise them of syllabus", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as less than a month is left for Class X Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) examination to begin, there are some schools that are yet to apprise students of the syllabus of summative assessments carrying 40 marks.These students will take school-based examination.This was revealed by city-based CBSE counsellors who have been taking query calls on pre-examination helpline numbers. Madhu Bahl, principal of KBDAV Centenary Public School, Sector 7, Chandigarh, and CBSE counsellor, said, \"I will not name the schools to which the children belong, but I have been getting calls from students and parents asking about the syllabus of the upcoming summative assessment-II. This is saddening on the part of schools, as it shows that they are not performing their job well.\"Counsellors are also receiving calls from parents, seeking help for their wards \"who are taking boards lightly\".\"It is schools' fault, as they are hinting that Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) and school-based boards mean less burden. But in the end, it will only lower their scores. In fact, question papers will be as difficult as CBSE boards', as these will be set by CBSE itself... schools will only check their answer-sheets,\" said Rakesh Sachdeva, a CBSE counsellor and principal of DAV school in Sector 15.Besides telling students about syllabus, the counsellors are also boosting their morale. \"On Thursday, I received a call from a boy who said he forgot whatever he learnt. He called thrice, saying he can't sit in the exam. I counselled him and gave him some sample papers to solve. On Friday, I will see how he performs and guide him further,\" Madhu added. They said lack of confidence was the major problem being faced by children.With classes X and XII boards nearing, CBSE's helpline numbers are ringing all day, though time for queries is from 12pm to 4pm. The helpline that started on February 1 will remain open till April 16. In two days, both the counsellors have received nearly 100 calls from across the country. On the first day, most of the calls were made by parents and on the second day, by students.Frequently asked questions:Suggest some study tipsHow to check pressure?How to prepare study schedule?How to improve concentration?Suggest tips for last-minute preparationsWhat is the syllabus?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11739164", "title": "Infosys to create 13,000 jobs in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: With IT majors like Infosys and TCS gearing up to enter Madhya Pradesh's commercial town of Indore, the state is trying to position itself as the most sought-after destination after metros like Bangalore, Pune and Hyderabad which are facing severe space crunch.As per the MoU signed between the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government and Infosys, the IT major is setting up its unit with the investment of Rs 600 crore on 130 acres of land on the Indore-Ujjain Super Corridor.The project likely to be completed in five years will generate 13,000 jobs.The Rs 98-crore Super Corridor connects Indore and Ujjain.With Infosys setting up its shop, another global leader TCS is too not lagging far behind.\"We have also got a proposal from Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) for inking an MOU for setting up IT facility in the Super Corridor,\" Madhya Pradesh Industries Minister Kailash Vijaywargiya told PTI yesterday.When asked about the details about the proposal, the minister said it would be more or less on the same lines as that of Infosys.After studying the proposal and clearance by the State Law Department, dates for inking MoU with TCS will be finalised, he said.With the two IT giants entering the state, Madhya Pradesh is set to become a major IT destination and a hub for the software industry, Vijaywargiya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734821", "title": "Now, funds to protected areas to be linked to wildlife trained men", "text": "NAGPUR: The ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has decided to link central funding to protected areas (PAs) in states to wildlife trained officers. A time limit of 2 to 3 years will be given to the state governments for compliance.This was decided at the 24th meeting of the standing committee of National Board for Wildlife (NBWL). MoEF minister Jayanthi Natarajan is going to strongly communicate to every state that at least 50% of their wildlife staff should be trained or specialize in the wildlife background in the next 3 years.M K Ranjitsinh, chairman of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) and NBWL member, pointed out that there was a serious dearth of trained and specialized officers in the wildlife department of the states.Another NBWL member Kishor Rithe suggested that MoEF should prescribe a time frame for the states to train the requisite staff in wildlife management, failing which the funding support from the MoEF should be discontinued.Ranjitsinh mentioned that then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi had strongly recommended need for wildlife trained officers and had set up Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ) in Dehradun for imparting training to officers. \"However, the states are apathetic on the issue,\" he said.Ranjitsinh added training imparted to the officials was free of cost. Yet, states have been sending only 2 officials in contrast with 18 officials being deputed by the SAARC countries in the training programmes.He suggested that central funding should not be extended to the states that were not serious about their officials' training in wildlife science. He also said that if 50% of their PAs did not come to be manned by trained personnel within next 3 years, no funding support would be given to them after three years.In Maharashtra, the reality was grim. Records reveal that of the 43 officers, who had obtained a 9-month diploma in wildlife, only 6 deputy conservators were presently working in wildlife and 6 were on deputation. Besides, 8 officers had retired while 2 have quit. The remaining are working in territorial wing. Similarly, of the 52 officers who did a certificate course, only 13 are working in wildlife while rest are with territorial department.Chief wildlife warden S K Khetarpal admitted that state has to impart wildlife training to 60% staff, but said it will not happen immediately. \"If grants to PAs are linked to wildlife training then these PAs, which were the last priority, would suffer as protection will hamper,\" he added.Khetarpal stressed the need for wildlife training to new young recruits and those looking after non-protected areas where tigers and wildlife is in abundance.Ranjitsinh's suggestions were taken seriously and member-secretary of NBWL Jagdish Kishwan has warned that lack of wildlife trained personnel may lead to surrender of funds by the MoEF. The states are expected to improve their performance drastically with respect to positioning of wildlife trained staff in the PAs.Kishwan added that it was true that PAs were run by officials with non-wildlife background also, \"but if we stop funding because personnel with wildlife specialization were not posted, we may not be able to spend the amount sanctioned to wildlife by the Planning Commission.The Planning Commission may then downsize the funds allocated to the wildlife sector from the present Rs 70 crores to say Rs 40 crores, which would create more problems, and ultimately grossly underfunded sanctuaries would suffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11735425", "title": "Minimum temperature goes up", "text": "KANPUR: After a prolong spell of cold nights, the minimum temperature rose on Thursday. The maximum temperature also went up slightly due to clear weather.The minimum temperature was recorded at 7.4 degree Celsius on Thursday. This was more than one degree above than previous day. The maximum temperature stood at 22.1 degrees.The humidity was at 81 per cent in the morning, which reduced to 48 per cent in afternoon.According to weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the weather trends will continue for a day or two. Temperature may rise further by next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11740102", "title": "Skyfall", "text": "CreditsDirector: Sam Mendes Cast: Daniel Craig , Javier Bardem , Dame Judi Dench , Naomie Harris , Berenice Marlohe, Ralph Fiennes , Albert Finney and Ben Whishaw Genre: Spy Thriller Releasing in Languages: English, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu Release Date: November 1, 2012SynopsisIn Skyfall , Bond's loyalty to M is tested as her past comes back to haunt her. As MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11734731", "title": "Couple ends life over family feud", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A couple hanged itself to death in Shivaji Square locality here over household dispute on Wednesday night. The bodies of Babloo Shah (32) and Kiran Shah were recovered by their relatives whom Babloo had called up before committing suicide.Police sources said that the Shah family hailed from Havda in West Bengal and was living here since the last 10 years. Babloo was an ornament artisan and worked for jewellers. The couple had two kids, a girl and a boy. However, Babloo being a boozer, used to pick up quarrels with wife. A quarrel broke out between them around 8pm on Wednesday. The arguments ended with both committing suicide.Babloo dropped kids to their relative's house on the same evening. After the couple decided to end life, Babloo called up his relatives and informed about the decision. Relatives of Shah immediately rushed to their house. By the time they reached there, the couple had hanged from a hook and their bodies were dangling near each other. Cops removed the bodies from the roof after necessary inquest formalities and sent them to civil hospital for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733862", "title": "Nursery of woes for parents in lurch", "text": "NEW DELHI: Securing a nursery seat in the city is a matter of good fortune. How else will you explain the ordeal of Sanjiv Bhardwaj, whose son couldn't get admission in spite of applying at 27 schools? The Saket resident took a fortnight off from work in January to apply at every school in the neighbourhood and away.\"All that seems to have come to naught,\" said a visibly dejected Bhardwaj. \"I had applied in so many schools of south Delhi but there is no option left for the common man in this city. I guess I will have to move out to send my child to school.\"Bhardwaj works as a telecom professional in a multinational company. He had turned down an offer to work in Europe to stay in the city he grew up in. \"I should have gone abroad. At least my son would have gone to school,\" he said.He blames the system for his son sitting out of school. \"There is no uniform point system in Delhi schools. I was banking on the neighbourhood points. But alumni and sibling cases took away the pie. No wonder a child from Noida could get through a south Delhi school but my son couldn't,\" he said.He hadn't really weighed his options till Thursday evening. \"My mind is a blank. I don't want to keep sending my child to the playschool. And will schools have enough seats in KG next year when my son turns four?\" he wondered.Bhardwaj is not alone. The Kalras of GK-I applied in 23 schools but their son could not get through any. \"We scored up to 40 points for neighbourhood as well as first child. But most schools were admitting students at 70 or more points. The whole neighbourhood concept is a farce. I have one more year to take a chance. We both are lawyers and can afford a good school for our child. So a government school is completely out of the question,\" said Mahua Kalra, the mother. The Kalras are now waiting for the second list.Parents seeking admission for their first child are miffed at schools giving preference to alumni and sibling cases. Sanjay Kumar Jha of Sarita Vihar couldn't make use of the privileges. He applied in the same school where his daughter studies, but in vain.\"There was a draw of lots in which my son did not succeed. I feel so disturbed now. I may have to send him to a nearby school though it's not too good,\" Jha said. Not all are gloomy, though. Anjali Kapoor had been waiting for results of the 22 schools she had applied to. Only one invited her son for admission but on the payment of an extra, unaccounted Rs 20,000. \"Finally, one more school has selected my son. I feel ecstatic,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11736453", "title": "City lacks palliative care for dementia patients", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala needs to set up a network of pain and palliative care institutions to look after people suffering from dementia, said Dr K Jacob Roy who has been selected to chair the Alzheimer's Disease International (ADI), the global body of Alzheimer associations.Kerala has more than one lakh people with dementia, which does not have a cure, but the state has no palliative care mechanism.There is also need for home-based care. Memory clinics can help them to some extent, said Dr K Jacob Roy, who has been selected to chair Alzheimer's Disease International (ADI), the global body of Alzheimer associations. The first Indian to occupy this post, Dr Roy feels it is time the government stepped in. This problem will become more prevalent with the increase in the number of aged people in the state. \"We are formulating largescale campaigns to create awareness on this. International agencies will be roped in to ensure that governments give priority to this problem,\" said Dr Roy, who founded the Alzheimer's and Related Disorders Society (ARDSI) in 1992.The Indian Council of Medical Research has authorized ARDSI to conduct a three-year survey on dementia. The survey will begin soon. \"Dementia should be recognized as a non-communicable disease like diabetes and hypertension,\" he says. Countries like France and Australia have a clear strategy to deal with the problem. From prevention to management, they have charted out every aspect of dementia care which can be adopted by any country, said Dr Roy, who is a member of the Committee for Social Justice and Empowerment and Health for the 12th Five Year Plan. And his foremost recommendation has been to bring dementia into the mainstream of health care as that would ensure a steady support from the government.People can do a lot to delay dementia, says Dr Roy. Sedentary life plays havoc with the health of the brain. Regular exercise will keep it active and delay the onset of dementia,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11734973", "title": "Independent attempts suicide", "text": "THANE: A Mumbra resident, who is contesting the civic polls as an independent, attempted suicide on Thursday. He is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Kalwa.Iqbal Rehman Mulani drank a bottle of pesticide at a meeting of the mohalla peace committee organized by the Mumbra police. Mulani is said to have voiced his anger against the local police, who he claimed were partisan.Locals said that Mulani, who is contesting from Sanjay Nagar in Mumbra, is allegedly a history-sheeter, was accused of murder and had been externed for two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11736626", "title": "MCH clash: 20 students suspended", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Tension prevailed at the Medical College Hospital here after a clash broke out between two groups of students. As many as 20 students, 10 each from both the sides, have been suspended from the college as part of disciplinary action following the clash. Several students were injured in the fracas. The college authorities have suspended classes and shut down the men's hostel. Classes will resume on Monday.The clash broke out between activists of the Students Federation of India (SFI) and the Kerala Students Union (KSU) over the conduct of the Medical Exhibition, MEDEX 2012. The exhibition, conducted from January 18 to 26, was organized by the SFI, whose activists accused KSU students of having tried to sabotage the event.Several patients too were at the receiving end of the clash as it had erupted in the casualty wing of the hospital. People ran helter-skelter and many fell down and injured themselves.Medical College police have registered a case and booked five students in connection with the incident. An inquiry committee comprising the college vice principal and the hostel warden conducted an internal probe and submitted its report to the principal on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11738134", "title": "Pedalling across for a green cause", "text": "BHOPAL: He is on a mission: to pedal his way covering 28,000 km in two years to promote environmental conservation.On Thursday, Ujjal Pal reached Bhopal after he set out on his cycle a month and a half ago. \"I began my journey last year on December 16 from the Sunderbans National Park. I have covered four national parks in Madhya Pradesh,\" said 38-year-old Pal, who quit marketing and finance job with a multinational organization to visit 28 states.He is riding 10-gear mountain cycle. \"I make it a point to visit at least a school every day and I hope each student plants a tree once in his or her lifetime,\" said Pal, searching for pamphlet in Hindi. Pal tries to drive home the message in the specific language of the regions he visits. \"I have already translated copies of my message in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Oriya, Hindi and Bengali,\" he added.Pal's all India solo cycle campaign with message of 'plant trees and save nature' has not been free of glitches. A spinster, at least for now, is thankful to the forest department of the state for providing him logistical support during his tour of MP.The traveller is prepared for eventualities, \"I have a contingency plan. My laptop keeps me connected and as far as health risks are concerned, they outweigh dangers being faced by the environment,\" said Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733887", "title": "UP elections: Team Anna may cash in on 2G ruling", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of corruption threatens to loom large over the UP polls after Supreme Court's order cancelling the 2G licences and the income tax raids on liquor tycoon Kulwant 'Ponty' Chadha.It was not missing from the discourse, with Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi raising the issue of cash guzzling elephants under chief minister Mayawati -- a reference to the BSP's poll symbol. Rahul and his colleagues also leapt upon BJP's controversial decision to induct BSP discard and Mayawati's \"former\" tainted colleague Babu Singh Kushwaha. However, political circles estimated that it would figure low in the hierarchy of political themes that are in play in UP.The I-T raids on Ponty Chadha, who controls the liquor business in the country's largest state and the SC's dramatic order will ensure that the issue occupies a larger share of electoral conversation in the politically crucial state.The SC verdict renews memories of huge scams which the Congress had just about succeeded in turning the attention away from. It will retrain the spotlight on \"central corruption\" under the UPA as against the Congress's attempt to focus on \"local corruption\" that allegedly thrived under Mayawati.The decision coincided with the entry of Congress's tormentor, Team Anna, in UP's electoral fray, and the civil society activists may jump on the order which came on a petition filed by one of its leading lights, activist lawyer Prashant Bhushan.Congress has accused the civil society faction of being a BJP auxiliary. Although civil society, which appeared to have lost steam, has denied the charge, the verdict gives it an opportunity to focus on the sleaze on UPA's watch. The group appeared to be getting traction in the urban areas of the sprawling state, before it fizzled out.To that extent, it may play the leveller, muffling the advantage Congress appeared to have as it focused on corruption under Mayawati, her predecessor Mulayam Singh Yadav and BJP welcoming a \"tainted\" Kushwaha. The party was helped by the fact that it has been out of power in the state since 1989.The I-T raids on Ponty Chadha have attracted attention as much because of their timing as because of the detailed account of what the taxmen allegedly recovered from his premises. The raids happened on a day when Mayawati kicked off her campaign by addressing a huge rally in Sitapur. Chadha is known for his contacts across the political spectrum. He thrived under Mulayam and the regimes that preceded the SP government, and got lucrative contracts in Punjab when Congress was in power.But the fact that his business continued to expand under Mayawati has the potential to be an important component of Congress's narrative on corruption under the BSP leader. Details provided by sources in the I-T department put the cash recovered from Chadha's premises at over Rs 100 crore -- an unusually high amount even by the standards of a business that involves high liquidity.On Wednesday, Chadha's Wave Infratech claimed that no cash was recovered from his premises, saying that \"rumours\" had been circulated with a \"malafide intention\". According to a PTI report, Chadha's group also took exception to his description as a Mayawati partisan. \"The activities of the group relate purely to business and none of the companies/concerns have any affiliation or association with any political person or party,\" the group said.Importantly, Chadha's group had on Wednesday reportedly reacted to the raids by saying it had anticipated the taxmen's move.Although Mayawati is yet to react to the SC verdict, BJP seized upon it to seek to pin it on Congress. Speaking in Lucknow, senior party leader Arun Jaitley sought to deny Congress the room to blame the decision on jailed former telecom minister A Raja.He also exhorted people to ask Congress leaders -- read party chief Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi -- about the development. Jaitley, whose party was smarting under Congress's jibes over Kushwaha, stressed that \"Congress has lost its moral authority to speak about corruption\".Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736475", "title": "Speaker makes most of opposition goof-up", "text": "BANGALORE: Speaker KG Bopaiah capitalized on confusion in the opposition ranks and was back in the Chair on Thursday. Congress MLAs and independents both assumed the other had sent a notice of a no-confidence motion against him and it turned out neither had done it. They not only lost an opportunity to push for a discussion on the issue but also allowed him to transact business for the day. Bopaiah, who is under relentless pressure from the opposition to resign, had abstained from the House on Wednesday. When he returned on Thursday, he was greeted by independents and Congress members with slogans saying: 'You have no right to sit in this chair and conduct proceedings . You should quit' .But the opposition didn't nail him as they goofed up in giving prior notice to the speaker to debate the issue after their first attempt was rejected by deputy speaker Yogish Bhat on Wednesday.The House rules mandate that members send a fresh notice to the speaker (at least one hour before the House convenes for the day) after their earlier notice seeking a debate is rejected by the presiding officer. But independents were clueless about this technicality and assumed their earlier notice still holds good.The independents decided to send a fresh notice on Friday. \"We won't allow the Speaker to get away easily,'' said independent and former minister PM Narendraswamy . When the House assembled, the obituary reference was read out and the speaker took up question hour. That's when independent MLAs - PM Narendraswamy, Goolihatti Shekar, Venkataramanappa and Shivaraj Tangadai, all sporting black bands, trooped into the well of the House to put forth their demand. The Speaker sternly told them: \"Go and sit. Follow the rules. You cannot speak whenever you want. You need to send a notice to me in advance to discuss any issue.\"An angry Bopaiah later threatened to expel the agitating MLAs from the House if they continued the protest and even directed some members in the treasury benches to move a resolution naming the protesters. Fearing the consequences, these MLAs staged a walkout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11735917", "title": "Rs 35L earmarked for Rose Festival", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The uncertainty over the upcoming Rose Festival is finally over as finance and contract committee (F&CC;) of the Chandigarh municipal corporation on Thursday approved budget of Rs 34.73 lakh for organizing the rose festival. Significantly, all the expenses will not be incurred by MC only.The budget will be shared by both tourism wing of the Chandigarh administration and Chandigarh municipal corporation. For ensuring their formal participation in the three day nation fest, the committee has further passed a decision that one municipal councillor will be included as observer in each sub committee and judges penal, which will be constituted for organizing various events in the rose festival.Thus, now for the first time in the history of the Rose Festival, besides officials of MC and UT, public representatives of Chandigarh municipal corporation will be part in all decision making programme and policies.Earlier, the matter came in controversy when officials of MC, mainly engineering wing, did not take public representatives in confidence and brought the agenda item of over Rs 50 lakh for organizing the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11740100", "title": "Azharuddin on cricket, parenting and more", "text": "With Dhoni open to being replaced as the Test captain, Mohammad Azharuddin talks to TOI about players, politics, polls, parenting and much more.In an exclusive interview, former Indian captain-turned-politician Mohammad Azharuddin spoke about coming to terms with bereavement, his involvement in active politics and his advice to the Men in Blue.Excerpts:This certainly isn't your first trip to Ranchi... It is always nice to be in Ranchi. I came here in 1991. So, I am returning to Ranchi after two decades. I get to notice vast changes in the city. New multiplexes have come up. I remember when I was here last, I had watched \"Hum\" in small theater. I enjoyed my trip this time around too. I like to go to small places and meet a lot of young kids. There is talent and the kids really want to do well. That is important.After retirement from cricket, it has been four years of being in active politics. How has life changed for you? Nothing much has changed except for the fact that I get to meet more people now. When you are playing cricket, it keeps you more confined to the game. Meeting people from all over India and from different walks of life is a new experience that I am enjoying thoroughly.If not politics, post your cricketing career, what would you have indulged in? I would have continued with my gym business. But since I am into politics now, it has become a full-time job.Nowadays, every party seems to be adopting popular Bollywood tracks for the poll campaigns. Do you think such things really work? The world is changing; we can't expect the same sort of electoral campaigns that existed 10 years ago. People try out different things to connect with the voters. But ultimately, the work and development is what translates into votes.On the personal front, it must have been difficult for you to come to terms with the sudden demise of your son... It was not very easy. I don't think that the memory will ever get erased from my mind. I hope this thing never happens to any parent. But at the end of the day, you have to get on with life. It requires a lot of patience. I am thankful to Allah that he has given me that patience to carry on. Medically, we had tried out best. But nothing could be done. People say time heals, but I have seen my son growing...there are memories that will always remain with me.It is extremely tough to prevent youngsters from indulging in their craze for speed. What do you think can be done to control them? It is the responsibility of parents to not let them buy the deadly machine. But for parents, the job becomes equally difficult, if they have kids who are not scared of death. These kids want to do stunts. It is the thrill and the enjoyment that matters to them.After that unfortunate incident, do you advice your elder son, Asaduddin, to keep away from biking? He doesn't have any interest in bikes.Getting on to cricket, there has been much talk about senior players responsible for Team India's bad performance in Australia. What do you have to say to this? I believe, at the end of the day, we need players who can perform well. Senior players have good reputation. But the time has come when youngsters should be given a chance. Even after the team lost the third Test match, young players were not given that chance. Ultimately, it is the Board who has to decide on such things.MS Dhoni says he is open to being replaced as a Test captain. How justified do you find the decision? Dhoni undoubtedly has been a good captain. He has placed the Indian team in a good position in both Test and One Day cricket. But it is also a fact that his performance in the Test series against Australia was disappointing. Let BCCI decide on the matter. I personally feel there should be separate captains for each form of cricket. Be it Test, One Day or T20, there has to be different captains.So, who do you think can be considered next for Test captaincy? Virendra Sehwag or Virat Kohli could lead the side well.Like other cricketers, would you ever like to do TV shows or movies? I don't have any inhibitions about doing TV. I am open to doing reality shows too, if something good comes. I will definitely consider such offers, though I will not do anything for the heck of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11735906", "title": "Jail authorities put meeting hall issue on backburner for now", "text": "VARANASI: After Wednesday's violent scenes, the Central Jail was calm on Thursday. Keeping the mood of the prisoners in mind, the jail administration has decided to put the issue of using Tihar-pattern interview-cum-meeting hall on the backburner.It may be recalled here that on Wednesday the prisoners of circle one of Central Jail had held senior jail superintendent Capt SK Pandey captive for over an hour and also injured a doctor and prison guards by indulging in brick-batting. The jail guards had to open fire in air to control the situation. Situation normalised after district magistrate Ravindra and DIG Ram Kumar reached there along with heavy police force and freed Pandey from his duty, asking the superintendent of district jail to look after the office of senior jail superintendent till further orders. The DM also sent a report to state government in this episode.The situation inside the Central Jail had gone out of control on the issue of Tihar-pattern interview-cum-meeting hall. The hall, separated with iron grills, was constructed in 2002 with an investment of Rs 16 to ensure that prisoners are only meeting the visitors there. During the recent visit of the audit team, questions were raised that if the hall was not to be used, why it was constructed on such a huge investment. After that the jail authorities started preparations to bring this hall in use. This development irked the prisoners, who considered they would not be allowed to meet their visitors, including family members, in the open.When DIG Jail VK Jain visited the Central Jail on Thursday, he found that the Wednesday's incident was spontaneous as even the prisoners had not expected that they would go to such extents while protesting against the use of the meeting hall. He told TOI, \"Pandey had announced to bring the hall in use in February. But before that he asked the prisoners to write their opinion and put it in a complaint box. In their letters, maximum prisoners had made an appeal not to compel them to meet their visitors in such a hall on humanitarian ground while some had also issued threats.\" He said the senior jail superintend had taken a tough stand on this issue and the prisoners had gone on a rampage.He said keeping the mood of prisoners, this issue had now been put on backburner till the atmosphere of jail normalised completely. But, he said, \"bringing this hall in use is a compulsion for the jail administration.\" He said not all the 2,100 prisoners would be meeting their visitors in that hall. The jail administration would start using the hall by arranging meeting of sensitive prisoners with their visitors there on the pattern of Tihar jail. He said that as the DM had already sent his report to the state government in this matter, the decision regarding Pandey would be taken by the state government. Presently Pandey is looking after official work while prisoner-related issue are being handled by the superintendent of District Jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11734952", "title": "Sudin denies hindering OBC survey", "text": "PANAJI: Outgoing social welfare minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar on Thursday dismissed charges that he and the Congress-led government deliberately went slow on the census of the OBC community in Goa so as to deny them reservations in elections.Recently, opposition leader Manohar Parrikar had blamed the government for the lack of such a survey and also held Dhavalikar responsible, in what Parrikar said was a move to block electoral reservations to the STs in Goa. The all-Goa private bus owners association has made the same charge against Dhavalikar.But Dhavalikar told TOI that the government, through the Goa state commission for backward classes, had in fact tendered a contract to a Pune-based agency to conduct such a survey even before he became minister. He said the survey was still going on. Dhavalikar also said that even while the survey was under way, some OBC MLAs had opposed it in the assembly saying it was incorrect.Satyawan Palkar, chairman of the Goa state commission for backward classes, confirmed that the survey was still going on. Palkar said the survey was awarded to Pune-based centre for development planning and research (CDPR) at a cost of about 27-lakh in 2007. CDPR is also conducting surveys for some other departments of the state government. Palkar said that the agency was given a deadline of 2009 but due to various elections and the accompanying 'code-of-conduct' periods, the survey has to be stopped for three months. The survey is now suspended. But Palkar said the actual data collection for the whole of Goa is complete. Only the correction for Pernem taluka in North Goa and the correction for South Goa is to be completed. The government has even paid the agency a total of about 15.5 lakh. The survey would have been completed in another three months but for the present code of conduct, Palkar said.Infographic:Reservations: SC - 2%; ST - 12% and OBC - 19%Survey which started in 2007 to enumerate the population of SC, ST and OBC in Goa was be completed in 2009It was awarded to Pune-based centre for development planning and researchIt is pending due to the present code of conductCost of survey: Rs 27-lakh, of which Rs 15.5L has already been paidGoa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734810", "title": "Tass tigress seems headed towards home territory", "text": "NAGPUR: The radio-collared Tass tigress, which was trapped in a drainage well and released in its original habitat post treatment on November 27, seems to be heading back towards its home territory Bhiwapur.By December-end, the tigress had traversed almost 35 km and had gone close to Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR). It was hardly 15 kms away from the park boundary. After a long stay in Brahmapuri forest division, it was expected that it may settle down in the area but didn't.S K Khetarpal, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) for wildlife, Maharashtra, who is closely monitoring the tigress, said the animal might be heading towards its old territories and clusters recorded on February 2, show it was heading towards Paoni.\"I feel the tigress might be returning due to presence of other resident tigers in the area where it went. In the past two months, it must have travelled over 80 kms,\" Khetarpal said. He said a team monitoring the animal said that the tigress was intelligent and had crossed railway line, nullahs and state highway during its return journey as well. It hides itself well in the bushes from people.The tigress was rescued on October 13 from an open drainage well adjoining Tass forest in Bhiwapur range. It was released in its original habitat after treatment on November 27. Prior to its release, it was believed that the tigress was a resident of Ranmangli and hence should be released there only. Tigers, however, are great wanderers and often traverse long distances to find territory or mate.In 2009, a radio-collared tiger had travelled 250 kms from Kanha to Pench. Similarly, last year, a radio-collared tigress from MP Pench had reached Mansinghdeo sanctuary in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736054", "title": "Winter chill has made Mumbai\u2019s pollution worse", "text": "MUMBAI: For a dynamic city like Mumbai, it is difficult to stop new constructions or renovations of old buildings. But it is these constructions combined with the chilly weather that are making Mumbaikars unhealthy. Certain pollution levels are more than 100% higher than the normal limits that a person should breathe on days when the temperature dips unusually low.Poisonous gases from the city's innumerous vehicles and dust and allergens swirling out of its numerous construction sites and vehicles have been proved to increase respiratory problems. Environment experts say the Suspended Particulate Matter (SPM) in the atmosphere is the main culprit. Mumbaikars have been breathing in an average of about 172 micrograms of SPM per cubic metre this January-with the maximum limit even touching 235 microgram/cubic metre.\"Anything above 100 micrograms of SPM in 1 cubic metre of air is bad for health,\" said an official from the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board, adding that the levels are always higher than this in certain parts of the city. In Bandra, for example, the SPM levels were shown to be higher than the normal standards on all but two days of January this year.The concentration of pollutants in the air is a phenomenon common every winter. But in the last few winters, the city has witnessed an over 100% increase in the concentration of suspended particulate matter in the air during winter, a rise directly proportional to the dip in mercury.\"When the weather gets cooler, the SPM levels do tend to go up because of inversion,\" said Dr Rakesh Kumar, National Environment Engineering Research Institute ( NEERI).Usually, the air near the surface of the earth is warmer than that in the upper atmosphere. However, during inversion, there is cold air near the surface of the earth, which gets trapped under warmer air.\"At such a time, the hot and cold air does not mix easily in the upper atmosphere, because of which pollutants get trapped in the lower atmosphere ,\" he said.In the monsoon for instance, the gases mix in the upper atmosphere and the pollutants get washed off by the rains, because of which SPM levels are lower in that season. But the dense air in winter does not allow the pollutants to escape.Areas in the city which have recorded high SPM levels in January include Kherwadi and Chembur.What is worrying experts is the casual approach of people towards the high levels of pollution.Dr Neelam Rane, professor of physiology at D Y Patil Medical College , says incessant construction activity and growing number of vehicles are the major cause of high SPM levels in the city.\"Though vehicular pollution norms are in place, the sheer number of vehicles in the city is a major factor in adding to the SPM levels. Vehicles emit more pollution when moving slow. In Mumbai, where there is bumper-to-bumper traffic at almost every signal on week days, the addition to the pollution levels is only obvious . Moreover, there is always some construction, renovation or restoration work happening in the city, which is an even greater source of pollution ,\" she said.\"When all construction work in the city is over, we may look at lower pollution levels, but that is a distant dream,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738799", "title": "Bollywood can wait: Ileana", "text": "Despite being approached by top stars, the Nanban actress is in no hurry to sign more filmsShe has become hot property in KTown post the success of the Tamil remake of 3 idiots, and her market in Tollywood has been on a rise ever since she delivered a hit in Pokiri. And surprisingly, Ileana seems to be in demand in Bollywood as well, even though her debut film, Anurag Basu's Barfee, is still in the making. There was a buzz that Akshay Kumar was keen on roping in Ileana for his projects, Khiladi 786 and the sequel to Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai.In the latter film, the actress was to play the role of the successful yesteryear actress Mandakini. Meanwhile, there were also rumours of her doing an 'important role' in Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine. Bollywood was teeming with reports that Ileana was the frontrunner for one of Ajay Devgn's projects as well. The latest to join this list of heroes is actor Imran Khan.It is being said that Ileana has been approached for a project with Imran, which will be directed by Punit Malhotra, who had earlier directed I Hate Luv Storys. While Ileana remained unavailable for comment, her spokesperson said, \"Ileana has been receiving a lot of offers from both Bollywood and Kollywood. However, she hasn't signed up any new movies until now. She was approached for a project with Akshay Kumar, but reports of other actors getting in touch with her for their films are untrue. She's currently working only on Barfee in Bollywood, and two films in Telugu - one with Allu Arjun, and another with Ravi Teja, which is being directed by Puri Jagannath. She is in no tearing hurry to sign more films just for the sake of it. She is clear that only if a project excites her that she will give her nod.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11735576", "title": "It's an open contest in City South", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad City South seat has a rich past and is known to throw up unexpected results in elections. The constituency, now rechristened as City South, has become significant in 2012 election given its expansion as a result of delimitation. It now has additional wards along with an extra voter base of 50,000.Its first political representative was KC Mohiley alias Chunna Guru who first won the seat in 1957. With the passage of time, however, the constituency and its representatives underwent a change. Now, there are no more paan chewing leaders or the electrifying social workers in the form of KC Mohiley who was always accessible to the people and took a keen interest in voters' problems.The City South constituency has 3,17, 990 voters -- 1,77,068 males and 1,40,922 females -- and comprises major areas of Old City like Chowk, Mutthigunj, Hatia, Johnstongunj, Leader Road and Vivekanand Marg.Traditionally, the seat has remained a bastion of the Bharatiya Janata Party, Congress and Socialist Party since KC Mohiley alias Chunnan Guru of Praja Socialist Party represented it from 1957 to 1969. In 1969, Ram Gopal Sand won the seat on Bharatiya Jan Sangh ticket.Senior Congress leader Satya Prakash Malviya won the seat in 1974 and 1977 on Bharatiya Kranti Dal and Janata Party ticket. The seat remained with the Congress from 1980 to 1989 with party leader Satish Jaiswal winning it twice in a row.From 1989, the seat went into the kitty of the BJP with former UP assembly Speaker and senior party leader Kesri Nath Tripathi emerging the winner five times in 1989, 1991, 1993, 1996 and 2002 assembly elections.Tripathi's dominance was broken in 2007 assembly election by a BSP newcomer Nand Gopal Gupta 'Nandi' who went on to become a minister in the Mayawati government. Nandi staged a big upset by trouncing Tripathi with an impressive margin of 14,000 votes.Taking into account the 2007 result, the City South assembly seat has earned the dubious distinction of \"constituency of upsets\" where the turn of tide can upset the aspirations of any party or candidate. Explaining the reason for Nandi's victory, convenor of Allahabad Mohurrum Jhoola Committee, Ghulam Rasool, said: \"During last election, the business community, which accounts for more than 70,000 votes, voted en-block for the BSP candidate whose vote share doubled since he also received a major chunk of traditional BSP votes in the form of Brahmins.\"However, this time the equations have changed since five wards of City North assembly constituency -- Neta Nagar Kydgunj, Azad Nagar, Rambagh and two wards of Cantonement Board have been included in the seat after delimitation. Besies, five wards of City West assembly seat -- Tulsipur, Ghaus Nagar, Kareli, Karelabagh and Atala -- have also come under City South.This means an additional 50,000 votes since each ward comprises more than 10,000 voters and inclusion of some new wards coupled with loss of some old areas brings the total to around 50,000 new voters.Among the candidates in fray this time, BJP has again fielded Kesri Nath Tripathi. \"He enjoys a clean and non-controversial image among the voters and is popular among locals given his long time association with the area,\" said a party worker Hemant Dubey.Sitting MLA and BSP minister Nand Gopal Gupta Nandi is contesting the seat once again riding on the support of traders, youngsters and a section of Muslim voters.Congress has fielded mayor Jitendra Nath Singh given his good rapport with the locals of the area. Singh is also banking on the support of Kayastha community which accounts for around 40,000 voters. Besides, he also enjoys considerable support among a section of Muslims, claimed his election in charge Kishore Varshney.Samajwadi Party has fielded local businessmen Haji Parvez Ahmad considering the fact that with the inclusion of some areas of city West, the number of Muslim voters in the seat has risen to around 65,000. Besides, the other traditional vote bank of SP in the form of backwards and Muslims stand at around 25,000 and 30,000.Another new contender on the seat is Lok Manch candidate Vijay Kumar Gupta who shot into limelight by waging an agitation against fee hike in English medium schools of the city under the banner of Abhiwawak Ekta Samiti.An old timer Prem Shankar Tiwari says: \"With the delimitation exercise, the seat's basic character has changed. Earlier some villages in trans-Yamuna under Naini industrial belt also formed part of the seat. Moreover, the traditional culture, Chabootra Sanskriti (platform culture), has vanished as leaders are guided more by fulfilling the caste arithmetic rather than interactng with voters on a one to one basis.\"This is the seat where communities like Punjabi, Khatri, Sikh and Sindhi, which constitute around 35,000 voters, were addressed as 'Panchnad', i.e, those hailing from the land of five rivers (Punjab).Talking to TOI, a senior Congress leader said, \"This time also the constituency is going to witness a big upset as the least fancied candidate would emerge as the dark horse upsetting the table of fancied ones,\", and added: \"But till then we must keep our fingers crossed.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733927", "title": "Same issues, but clash of vision", "text": "PUNE: Public transport, slums, biodiversity parks, garbage and water supply are issues that both the ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress have raised, each with a different perspective making it a fight between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and his deputy and NCP leader Ajit Pawar's vision for the city.Concern for an efficient public transport is at the core of electoral meetings of both parties. But the similarity ends here. Both parties have opposing stands on the metro and BRTS projects and have locked horns over the proposed BDP.The Congress has promised to approve the BDP plan and allow some construction-a plan the NCP has strongly opposed. Both also trade charges over garbage and water supply problems in the city.\"These are issues voters should think about while voting,\" said Chavan. His deputy said, \"We were not able to implement any major project because we did not have the majority. This time, give us full power and we will change the face of the city.\"(A) MetroNCP: \"We are firm on the underground metro after the experience of the elevated metro in Mumbai and Pune should not repeat the mistake. Besides other considerations, an elevated metro would create immense noise pollution. We should look for a sustainable option and implement an underground metro,\" Ajit Pawar said at the NCP's election campaign last week. \"You don't have to worry about the cost factor. I am state finance minister and we can seek funds from the Centre. We will seek a loan from the World Bank , if necessary,\" Pawar added. NCP city unit chief Vandana Chavan who played a crucial role in changing Pawar's mind said the party is committed to a 'sustainable transport system' in Pune.Congress: \"We will go by experts' suggestions and implement the metro as per the DMRC report,\" chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said on Tuesday. \"The city faces a major traffic problem and the metro is must for the city,\" he added. Congress city unit chief Abhay Chhajed said the Congress is committed to executing the metro as per the DMRC report. \"We are not in the race to take credit. We are concerned about the city's transport issues. One of the first works that Congress will do if it comes to power is to execute the metro projects as per the DMRC. We are for the underground metro where DMRC has suggested it. However, we cannot ask for an overhaul of the entire project,\" he added.(B) BRTSNCP: \"BRTS was a failure because of the adamant stand by some people. The project was not implemented properly. Our MP Supriya Sule and city chief Vandana Chavan visited Ahmedabad to study that transport system. We will have to overhaul the entire project,\" Pawar said. NCP MP Supriya Sule said, \"There are many issues in the BRTS project which are not resolved and hence we need to talk to people who are affected by the project\".Congress: \"Our party has released funds for the transport projects and we will ensure that all ongoing projects are completed,\" Chavan said. City Congress chief Abhay Chhajed said they would not go against the BRTS as government funds had been used for it. \"Those playing politics have deliberately defamed the project and created a misunderstanding in citizens. Once in power, we will go ahead with the BRTS,\" he added.( C) RoadsNCP: \"In the last five years we have changed the road situation in the city. Five years ago, people coming to Pune criticized the poor road conditions and Pune became famous as a city of potholes. Today, the city has good roads. We want to have new roads,\" Pawar said.Congress: \"The bad road campaign in 2007 was part of a political agenda to defame the Congress. It is fact that Congress has laid all new road networks in the city. The NCP should show work done on this issue,\" countered Chhajed.( D) City slumsNCP: Pawar breathed fire at the Congress for its 'use and throw' policy towards slum dwellers. \"All their slum projects have failed. They use slums as vote banks,\" said Pawar. He added that the ongoing Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) schemes should be implemented.Congress: \"There can't be a single approach to get rid off slums. The Union government has introduced Rajiv Awas Yojana and other schemes. We want to make Pune slum free,\" Chavan fielded.(E) BDPNCP: \"Successive chief ministers kept the Development Plan for merged villages pending for more than seven years. The present chief minister approved the plan half-heartedly. The city's lungs (biodiversity parks) must be protected and farmers whose land will be acquired should get a good compensation,\" said Pawar.Congress: \"The Congress-led government has approved the DP and we are looking into practical solutions for BDP,\" said Chavan.(F) Garbage", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11739810", "title": "Young auto drivers want to switch to govt jobs", "text": "MUMBAI: Driving an auto in Mumbai may no longer be an attractive profession. This is evident from the fact that some youngsters already want to leave the trade, which has earned a bad reputation in recent years.Auto union leader Thampy Kurian told TOI that as many as 50 young auto drivers had recently purchased forms for a state-approved correspondence course, which will give them a qualification of Class XII pass in less than a year. \"These youths want to switch to government jobs, which is why they are enrolling for the government course,'' Kurian said. If they are recognised as Class XII pass, they can apply for drivers' posts in government departments like BMC, Mantralaya and also in Central government departments.One of the drivers, who did not wish to be named, said, \"It will assure us of a steady income and security benefits for our family. At present, there is no social security scheme (like insurance/pension) for auto drivers in Mumbai. Besides, we have to work hard to make ends meet. Our earning is disproportionate to the cost of living standards in Mumbai.\"Another youth, who plans to enroll for the course, said that the auto driving profession had become lack-lustre over the years. \"There are some drivers who have become rich instantly__through dishonest methods. But they have also earned a bad name for our trade. These days, passengers look at every driver with suspicion and our image has been tarnished. It has become a thankless job. Koi izzat nahi hai humara (there is no respect),'' he said.Sandeep, another young driver, who rents autos for the night shifts, said, \"There are scores of drivers who run autos illegally in Mumbai and there are cartels of miscreant drivers which operate with impunity. Honest drivers and those who have joined the profession with the serious objective of offering service to passengers are struggling to cope with their career in the auto trade.\"He stated that driving government vehicles would be a good alternative. \"Most of us have joined the auto business because we are school dropouts or maximum Class VIII pass. We had family responsibilities and so could not pursue further studies. The government course offers a ray of hope to young auto drivers,'' he said.Said Kurian, \"We had a meeting organised between young drivers and the representatives from Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) recently. The university plans to conduct a six-month preparatory course for the drivers. At the end of the course, they will be assessed as having passed their Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) examination.\"The preparatory course costs Rs 600 per person and drivers will be given study material. \"They can come for classroom sessions during weekends and holidays. Those who want to continue further can get a Bachelor's degree in a few years. That can help them get better jobs,'' Kurian stated.He added that his union (Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union) was concerned only about the welfare of drivers and the fact that some of them could leave the profession in a few years was acceptable to the union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734579", "title": "Pimp held for auctioning off teen in Malad", "text": "MUMBAI: The police recently arrested a pimp who was auctioning off a 16-year-old girl for Rs 1.5 lakh in Malad.Assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble said, \"We had received information that a few pimps were getting young girls from outside the state on the pretext of providing them jobs and then forcing them into the flesh trade. We laid a trap by sending a bogus customer to the pimp.\"When the pimp, identified as Shyam Sonwani (34) accepted the token amount of Rs 40,000 and promised to send the girl, Dhoble's team team nabbed him and rescued the girl. Sonwani has been booked under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA) and has been handed over to the Malad police for further investigation.The girl, whose identity has been withheld, hails from a small village in Uttar Pradesh. She told police that Sonwani used to parade her before customers and invite bids. The girl has been sent to the rescue home in Chembur and her parents have been informed.Mumbai: Have you heard of women being auctioned in Mumbai? If assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble is to be believed there are few pimps in the city who are auctioning the girls particularly the minors into flesh trade.Dhoble recently succeeded in trapping one of the few pimp in Malad who was auctioning a 16-year old girl to a customer for Rs 1.5 lakh. We had received information from informers that few pimps are getting young girls from outside state under pretext of providing jobs in city and were forcing them into flesh trade. We laid a trap by sending a bogus customer to the pimp.'' Said Dhoble.No sooner did the pimp who was later identified as Shyam Sonwani (34) accepted the token amount of Rs 4,000 out of Rs 1.5 lakh promising to send the girl, Dhoble's team nabbed Sonwani and rescue the girl from his custody. Sonwani has been booked under the prevention of immoral trafficking act (PITA) and has been handed over to the Malad police for further investigations.The girl whose identity has been with held hails from a small village in Uttar Pradesh. She has been rescued and send to Rescue home in Chembur and the police have informed her parents in UP. She told police that Sonwani used to parade her before customers and bid amount.During the course of investigations it was transpired that Sonwani had told the bogus customer that the young girl was virgin for which he even can send the girl for medical examination if he has any doubts. Sonwani, police says works as a bar manager and doubles as pimp. Sonwani lures the bar dancers asking them to get new girls from the home town for which he gives them handsome commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11739191", "title": "Farmer ends life over failure to repay loan", "text": "THANE: Unable to repay a loan due to crop failure, a 52-year-old farmer from Vikramgadh taluka allegedly committed suicide.\"Nasik Sambre, who hails from Sadan village, had taken a loan of Rs 15,000 from some financial institutions and could not settle the amount. He killed himself at his farm by consuming pesticide yesterday,\" police said today.According to Sambre's family members, his watermelon crop had failed due to bad weather following which he suffered heavy losses.\"The tiller left for his farm last morning and was later found lying unconscious by villagers at the farm itself. He was rushed to hospital where he died,\" said police.Sambre was the sole breadwinner in his family. A case of accidental death has been registered, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11735033", "title": "Patel urges PM to intervene in aviation graft slur", "text": "NEW DELHI: Praful Patel , minister for heavy industry, has asked the prime minister to intervene in an allegation of corruption against him in his previous avatar as civil aviation minister, after a Canadian media report alleged that a $250,000 payoff may have been made to him to swing a security contract from Air India.In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Patel asked that all records of the issue should be brought out to establish his innocence. \"A perusal of Air India's records would demonstrate that these allegations are baseless and false and that there was absolutely no interference whatsoever, at any level from the ministry of civil aviation, or me, personally in this matter. In any event, as stated above, this EOI/tender had been scrapped in the initial stage itself.\"The report in Canada's leading daily, Globe and Mail, says an Indian-born Canadian citizen Nazir Karigar has been implicated by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , on charges that he had paid Patel a massive bribe, and had conspired with former Mumbai police commissioner Hasan Ghafoor to rig a contract worth $100 million of a facial-recognition system for Air India. It says that Karigar met Patel along with Laxman Dhobole a NCP politician from Pune.According to the story, \"the charge relates to Mr Karigar's work on behalf of CryptoMetrics, a high-tech security company that was pursuing a $100-million contract with Air India for a facial-recognition security system. The privately owned company, which had offices in the New York area, Ottawa and Mumbai until it became the focus of two criminal investigations, declared bankruptcy shortly after Mr Karigar was charged.\"Authorities allege that as head of the company's Indian operations, Mr. Karigar spoke openly to others about channeling a bribe to Mr Patel through a political ally in order to influence approval of the contract. They also contend that he paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to two Air India officials and conspired with Mr Gafoor, a childhood friend of Mr Karigar's who was then director of security for Air India, in an unsuccessful bid to ensure CryptoMetrics was awarded the lucrative deal.\"Dismissing the charge, Patel urged the PM to convey to the Canadian authorities that the deal was \"scrapped at the inception \"and that the matter of the tender remains closed\". \"I earnestly request you that the factual position can be conveyed to authorities in Canada in order to avoid any embarrassment to the government of India and to me personally,\" Patel added.In his letter to PM, the minister said, \"Such tenders for procurement of various items are routinely issued by Air India in the normal course of their business and at no stage are dealt with or even sent to the ministry of civil aviation, much less to the minister for approval or otherwise.\"Canada's law against bribery in foreign countries, Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act, is an extra territorial law which applies : one of few in that country which applies both to bribes and applied payments.The case against Karigar has been on for four years, alleged the Canadian authorities and involved an FBI undercover sting operation which also covered the role of an Indian politician sometimes referred to as the Beedi King. Karigar has pleaded not guilty to the charges.The report in Globe and Mail quoted Hasan Ghafoor denying the charge, although he admitted having friends with Karigar. \"CryptoMetrics did not get it nor did anything came of it,\" said the former Mumbai Police commissioner, adding that the contract was handled by another department of Air India.The reports gives the impression that the Canadian authorities too were keen to put a lid on the investigations. The report said a planned press conference about the charges against Karigar was cancelled at the last moment, and a search warrant related to the case has been sealed by a court order.Patel has promised to \"explore all legal options\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734742", "title": "'She screamed and her phone went dead. I couldn't help her'", "text": "MUMBAI: Nadeem Shaikh, the fiance of Aarti Thakur, 22, the girl who was attacked with acid on Tuesday, said he was speaking to her at the time of all three attacks she has faced over three months. \"This was the third time. She screamed and her phone went dead. I could do nothing to help her,\" said Nadeem, who has been by Aarti's side.\"Following the first two attacks, Aarti was always paranoid,\" Nadeem said. \"She talked to me over the phone till she reached home every day.\"Aarti is now worried about losing her job more than the pain and the scars. She became a receptionist at an IT company in Goregaon (W) just 19 days before the attack. She is the sole breadwinner in her family. Her mother Seema gave up her job two months ago and sister Pooja is 16. Aarti, whose father and mother are divorced, has spoken about her job several times after Tuesday's attack. Nadeem said Aarti got the job after being unemployed for almost three months. The Thakurs went through financial hardship during those three months.The second attack on Aarti came after her family fled Malwani because of the first attack. Around a fortnight ago, her neck and ear were slashed while she was near her new home in Nalasopara. Nadeem said her employers weren't pleased that Aarti had to take leave just after joining. \"She could not take long leave, as she had just joined. This time she can't resume anytime soon, so she is worried they will find a replacement,\" he said. Aarti suffered acid burns on her face, chest and arms.The three women, who fear for their safety, are also dreading the hospital expenses. So far Nadeem, a sand contractor, has been paying for treatment costing over Rs 15,000. He is worried they might have to borrow soon. The family could shift Aarti to a public hospital, which would be more affordable, or take her home. Doctors at Singhi Hospital, Goregaon (W), where Aarti was rushed after the attack, told TOI that her condition was improving. Dr M L Singhi said she may require cosmetic procedures later. \"As of now, her wounds have to heal,\" he said. He did not comment on when Aarti could be discharged and resume work.About cosmetic procedures, Nadeem said, \"It is not to look good for someone, but to get her confidence back. He said he doesn't know how they'll meet the cost. Such surgeries cost Rs 50,000 and higher. The Thakurs recently moved to Nalasopara to live closer to Nadeem.Seema said, \"Aarti's face is swollen and she is not willing to eat.\" Seema went to her Nalasopara home after two days briefly on Thursday evening. \"Aarti is still in shock and I did not want to leave her alone.\" The family is demanding that stringent action be taken against the accused.A senior official at the firm Aarti works for said about her job, \"It is the management's decision. We cannot say anything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735722", "title": "Unveil lawyers, court officials grabbing land: HC directs CBI", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday directed the CBI to bust a gang of lawyers and court officials allegedly involved in grabbing lands at prime locations in the city by misusing court proceedings. A bench of Justice Pradeep Kant and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi directed its registry to forward copy of the order to the CBI director along with a report of district judge prepared on November 23, 2010. In the report, district judge had said that the lawyers Ravindra Kumar Yadav, Kunwar Gajraj Singh, Aqbal Hasan Khan, Ram Suresh Singh Chauhan, RC Soni and Ranvir Singh are involved in land grabbing.Their modus operandi is to set up fictitious persons with the object of appropriating valuable properties by executing fictitious deeds. It is possible that there may be some involvement of officers and officials of the court trying such cases, the report had stated.The court further set aside the proceedings and decree of the two regular cases filed by the name of Sahibdeen through Raju alias Anil vs YMCA and YMCA through SK Bajpai vs YMCA through LJ Bhatti passed on January 22, 2008. The bench said that the proceedings of these suits were sham, fraudulent and the decree obtained by fraud is non-existent. The court also imposed Rs 20,000 cost on some of the respondents, while allowing the writ petition filed by National Council of YMCA's of India.The petitioner had cited several instances of land grabbing, which was done in collusion with some lawyers and other persons in an organised and designed manner by instituting frivolous suits in the name of fake persons and obtaining a decree to that effect. The petitioner had challenged the decree passed in the aforesaid suits on the ground of their being sham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734590", "title": "NMC finally wakes up to clear voters' woes", "text": "NAGPUR: Just 14 days before going to the municipal corporation polls, many voters here say they feel confused about the new system of prabhag where every voter has to cast two votes for two different candidates at a time.The election authorities also could not educate the voters so far about the system that is being introduced for the first time. With the new system, the voter gets the choice to elect two candidates - one woman and a general candidate - in every prabhag. The election machinery woke up suddenly and decided to educate the voters about the new system. \"We will prepare a documentary film of about two minutes showing how a voter should use electronic voting machines while casting their votes,\" said municipal commissioner and election officer for Nagpur Municipal Corporation Sanjeev Jaiswal.If any voter faces confusion, presiding officers (POs) at every booth will ensure that they clear their (voters) confusion, said Jaiswal. The POs will be assisted by political agents of different parties, he added.2093 candidates submit nomination formsFor civic polls, the NMC has sold 4729 nomination forms, while only 2093 candidates have filed their nomination forms. Of the candidates, who have filed nomination forms, 1241 candidates are from open category, 400 are from SC, 86 from ST and 366 from OBC.29 nomination forms rejectedThe election department of the NMC has rejected nomination forms of 29 aspiring candidates. The forms were rejected after glitches were found in their nomination forms.Sigh of relief reserved candidatesAs many as 456 candidates belonging to SC and OBC category, who have filed nomination forms for the civic polls, heaved a sigh of relief on Thursday after the Supreme Court gave stay order on high court's directive that the Vigilance Cell's report is mandatory for issuance of caste validity certificate for the upcoming civic elections. Scrutiny of forms will be resumed at zone offices on February 3 at 1pm, said Jaiswal.Counting at zone officesThe municipal commissioner has announced that counting of votes will be held in zone offices itself. For 72 prabhags, the NMC has created 12 zones and counting of votes will be held in respective zones.Polling booths2486 polling booths will be set up in 987 buildings. Of these 987 buildings, one booth each will be set up in 198 buildings, two booths each in 342 buildings, three booths each at 227, four at 176, five booths at 32 buildings and above five booths at 12 buildings.SEC bans opinion and exit pollsThe State Election Commission has banned the telecast and printing on opinion and exit polls in Maharashtra with effect from February 6. A notification issued by SEC clarified that the ban on telecast of opinion or exit polls in Nagpur would commence 48 hours before the ZP elections to be held on February 6. The ban will exist till corporation elections, scheduled to be held on February 17. He said that thus opinion or exit poll can only be telecast till the evening of February 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734136", "title": "Mobile ECG facility launched in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: A mobile ECG unit developed by a team of 12 members from IIT Bombay and the director of IIT Hyderabad, Uday B Desai in collaboration with other researchers from IIT Bombay and USA was launched here on Thursday during a national consultation on campaign against spurious medicines.The machine enables to conduct ECG tests from a remote location like home or ambulance and send the results using a phone or internet connection to doctor for analysis. The unit is already in use in Maharashtra, Rajasthan, UP and Kerala and is now available in Andhra Pradesh. The machine's actual cost is around Rs 2 lakhs but it is being sold at a price of Rs 80,000 to Rs 90,000. The project is being funded by the government of India and the World Bank.Speaking on the mobile ECG unit, D Sridhar Babu, minister, consumer affairs, said, \"This development is a great example of what the research and development department can achive in providing quality healthcare. Consumers should be educated about the availability of medicines and quality drugs should be made accessible to the common man.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734558", "title": "AUT merger not total, universities separately handle affiliation", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai, Coimbatore and Madurai branches of Anna University of Technology (AUT) have left colleges perplexed by independently calling for applications for affiliation from colleges for the next academic year.The move has confused colleges looking to renew the provisional affiliation for some courses or seeking affiliation for a new course because the varsities are supposed to be part of a single entity formed by the merger of the five AUTs with Anna University in Chennai.The merger was announced as soon as the academic year began in 2011. During the Budget session, the higher education minister announced the merger \"to restore Anna University's past glory and credibility, lost due to decentralisation.\"He said follow-up action would be taken on the merger. Several steps, including the introduction of a common syllabus and curriculum and a common examination, appeared to be firming up the merger.\"We were asked not to initiate the process for now. It may be taken up by Anna University later,\" said AUT-Chennai vice-chancellor C Thangaraj. Officials at the centre for affiliating institutions in Anna University, Chennai, said they had redirected applications they had received to the AUTs concerned. \"The government has not issued an order on the merger as yet. Till that happens, all applications will not be processed here,\" an official said.More than 500 engineering colleges in the state are affiliated to AUTs in Chennai, Coimbatore, Madurai, Trichy and Tirunelveli. Many academics welcomed the move when the merger was announced but said it would be difficult for one university to monitor so many institutions.An educationist said there was no need for the AUTs to be asked to conduct a common exam when the affiliation process is still being handled by the varsities separately. \"Maybe the authorities are planning to leave the affiliation to the AUTs and are only looking to maintain uniformity in curriculum and syllabus standards under the merger,\" said the principal of a self-financing college in Chennai.The last date for colleges to submit the application for affiliation at AUT-Madurai is March 5, and the deadline for AUT-Coimbatore is March 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736360", "title": "Blame crisis on netas: ex-minister", "text": "BANGALORE: 'The political class is responsible for the mess we are in,\" former transport minister PGR Sindhia said at the political roundtable of the water summit on Thursday.MLA Krishna Byre Gowda said: \"Legitimacy in governance needs to be restored. Only then will we able to win back people's faith in our abilities... There's not enough internal audit in the utilities wing, which is encouraging inefficiency in performance.\" He felt politicians alone shouldn't be blamed. \"We need to take people along. It would be unfair to point fingers at politicians alone,\" he added.Politicians suggested that water leakage needs to be plugged , lakes must be preserved, recycling and reuse for non-domestic purposes must be encouraged .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733703", "title": "2G verdict: SC scraps all 121 licences given by A Raja", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day when ex-telecom minister A Raja completed exactly a year in jail, the Supreme Court on Thursday scrapped all 121 2G licences issued by him and held the entire process illegal. Not just this, it felt constrained to go beyond the illegalities and decide on the policy of awarding spectrum by saying that the scarce natural resource could only be allocated via open auction.The verdict has pushed the government into defensive mode ahead of the UP polls as it endorsed that the national exchequer has lost hundreds of crores because of the scam and, as a corollary, rejected the government's claim that the award of 2G licences caused \"zero loss\". The court ruling has sent ripples of concern across the telecom sector as well as to foreign investors.The court, however, gave a short breather to Union home minister P Chidambaram. The 89-page judgment by Justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly refused to decide Janata Party leader Subramanian Swamy's petition seeking a CBI probe into the allegation of Chidambaram conniving with Raja to award the 2G licences. It left this to the special court dealing with the 2G case. The special court is expected to deliver its order on Saturday.At various places in the order, the two justices held that Raja ignored the advice of the PM and did not consult the finance minister or the law minister. This strengthens UPA's defence that Raja was acting on his own.Despite strong government resistance, Justice Ganguly, who retired on Thursday, and Justice Singhvi met half way activist-lawyer Prashant Bhushan's demand to set up a special investigation team of the court to monitor the CBI probe into the spectrum scam. It directed the CBI to share its investigation reports with the CVC which, in turn, would keep the court posted.To ensure that the existing subscribers of the affected companies are not inconvenienced, the court has laid down a four-month roadmap that will require telecom regulator Trai to suggest a new auction mechanism within two months. The government will then have to hold auction and grant licences by the end of the third month. The existing licences will be extinguished within four months.The court also fined three firms which benefited from Raja's decision - Etisalat DB Telecom (Swan), Unitech Wireless Group and Tata Teleservices - Rs 5 crore each on the ground that they \"benefited by a wholly arbitrary and unconstitutional action....And who offloaded their stakes for many thousand crores in the name of fresh infusion of equity or transfer of equity\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736096", "title": "Helplines launched for citizens, candidates", "text": "MUMBAI: Agroup of citizens has launched helplines to disseminate information about civic elections, due to limited public awareness on procedures and modalities.The helplines (24377230/24372331, from 9.30am to 6pm) will have a database on voter cards, Aadhar cards, information on each ward and electionrelated modalities. It will tie up with each ward and will also have details of political parties.Approved by the state election commission, the helplines for citizens and candidates will be run by Arundhati Chavan, Sunita Godbole, Shalaka Salvi, Priyanka Tikwade and Harshale Kamble \"We conducted research for five years and presented a module to the SEC, which approved it on January 24. Queries on issues like a candidate's caste certificate, online registration, polling booths and documents required by voters will be answered on the helpline,\" said Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11738061", "title": "Two more jewellery shops robbed", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified miscreants burgled two jewellery shops in Nishatpura area and decamped with ornaments worth lakhs of rupees late on Wednesday night, said police. This is the second incident of robbery in a week's time targeting jewellery shop in the city.Police said that the thieves struck Praveen Jewellers and Vidisha Jewellers adjacent to People's Square coming under Nishatpura police station limits late on Wednesday night. The burglary came to light when the proprietors of the two shops Hameer Singh and Manish Soni came to open the shops in the morning. They immediately informed the police.Police suspect that both the jewellery shops were burgled by the same group as they are located closely.Interestingly, the miscreants after the theft halted at a ground, some distance from the shops and selected only the gold and silver ornaments and abandoned the inferior quality ornaments valuing about Rs 20,000, said the police, who recovered the thrown-away ornaments from the ground. However, the burglars could not break open the vaults in both the jewellery shops.This is second incident of similar nature in a week. Barely a few days back, unidentified miscreants broke into a jewellery shop situated at the busy Chowk Bazaar in the city and decamped with gold ornaments weighing around 2.5 kg.In the latest burglary, the police said, locks of the two shops, Praveen Jewellers and Vidisha Jewellers were found broken.The police also pointed out that there were no CCTV cameras installed in both the shops and the shop owners were yet to furnish insurance documents of the stolen valuables.The police have registered a case against unidentified miscreants and investigation is on into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "11735922", "title": "100 feared killed as ferry with 350 sinks", "text": "MELBOURNE: Over 100 people, mainly students, are feared killed after a ship with over 350 on board sank off the coast of Papua New Guinea on Thursday, even as over 200 passengers were saved by Australian rescuers from choppy seas.About 350 Papua New Guineans were on board the Rabaul Queen when it went down in the Solomon Sea Melbourne time, according to reports. The ship was headed for PNG north-coast town of Lae from the West New Britain town of Kimbe.\"Many on board were likely to be secondary students on their way to start the new school year,\" officials were quoted as saying by Australian daily the Age.It said rescuers saved more than 200 from drowning after the ferry sank, but by nightfall fears remained for more than 100 were still missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11733651", "title": "Highway robbers' gang busted", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur police busted a gang of highway robbers who used to drug and rob passengers, especially families in four-wheelers, sometimes by giving them lift and sometimes by taking lift. Police said that while working out a case in which a couple was taken in a taxi by two anonymous persons who had later drugged and robbed the couple in March 2011 a team investigating the case got a major breakthrough.\"We deployed policemen as decoys who would stand on the highways around Chomu, during this operation we arrested three persons who were involved in drugging and robbing travellers as well as those who took lift in the vehicles of strangers,\" said a senior police officer from Chomu.Asked about the modus operandi of the gang, the officer said, \"They would travel in a four-wheeler themselves and after identifying a person or a group of persons on the highway near Chomu who belonged to well-to-do families, they used to give them lift. The victims were lured with a free ride. Once the victims boarded the vehicles they would be given drugged food items as 'prasad'. After the victims fell unconscious they would be left on the road and all their valuables would be taken away.\"The accused have been identified as Satpal (34) who is the gang leader, Anil Jat (22) and Ram Meena (34). According to the police, these people were involved in at least a dozen cases of drugging and looting at Neem Ka Thana, Chomu, Ajmer Road, Tonk Road and Sikar Road.Police claimed that the arrest will definitely be helpful in solving similar cases that took place in and around Jaipur and other parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11739497", "title": "Akshaye Khanna's idea to control population", "text": "The issue that concerns Akshaye Khanna the most is population explosion.Apparently, the actor was watching a documentary on the Internet about population and how in another decade, our numbers would rise to an astronomical level.Says Akshaye, \"The documentary showed the ill-effects of population explosion and how it should be dealt with seriously.\"He strongly advocates adoption. \"I feel that adoption is a good idea to control population. This would also help orphaned children grow up in a normal way in a family atmosphere that is so important in today's time. The only thing you need is a large heart,\" Akshaye says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11734938", "title": "BJP's ST morcha against alliance with the MGP", "text": "MARGAO: The BJP's ST morcha has come out strongly against having any alliance with the MGP for the forthcoming assembly elections and have warned of a serious backlash from the community members if the BJP refrains from fielding its candidates in ST-dominated constituencies.What's significant is that the national leaders of the BJP's ST morcha-national president, Yeshwant Singh Darbar from Udaipur, and general secretary, Arjun Mina, from MP-were down in Goa for the last two days and they toured all the five ST-dominated constituencies-Sanguem, Quepem, Sanvordem, Canacona and Priol-during their stay here, accompanied by state ST morcha leaders.The Quepem BJP ST morcha has already gone public with their stand that the morcha workers would work against alliance candidate if the BJP doesn't field its own candidate in Quepem. While Digambar Kamat's former personal assistant Prakash Arjun Velip is frontrunner for the MGP ticket, tribal leader and former minister Prakash Shankar Velip is demanding the BJP ticket from Quepem. In Sanguem, the BJP is considering fielding Subhash Phaldesai, ignoring the claims of incumbent ST MLA Vasudev Meg Gaonkar, while in Priol, BJP's ST leader Govind Gawde may have to make way for MGP's Dipak Dhawlikar. And as the MGP has laid claim to the Sanvordem seat, too, the aspirations of the BJP's ST candidate Ganesh Gaonkar may well go for a toss, in case of the BJP-MGP alliance.Speaking to TOI, Darbar said, \"We have found that there's a huge anti-Congress sentiment among the tribal population and therefore BJP has a strong chance of winning the seats where ST community has a sizeable population,\" Darbar said, adding that the last year's massive ST agitation at Balli that led to the deaths of two tribal youth has also contributed to the anti-Congress sentiment among the tribal population.Speaking further, Darbar felt that the BJP was in a position to contest and win on its own strength without entering into an alliance with the MGP. He said that the BJP-MGP alliance will do more harm than good for the BJP if it refrains from fielding its candidates in certain constituencies in favour of its alliance partner.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11735357", "title": "2G verdict energizes Team Anna for assembly campaign", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of Team Anna's visit to Uttar Pradesh to campaign in the upcoming assembly elections, the Supreme Court judgment on 2G spectrum has come as a shot in the arm for the anti-corruption platform.After having suffered a setback during the winter Parliament session and amid uncertainty within the anti-graft camp about the way ahead, the judgment cancelling the 2G spectrum licences is bound to bring some energy back into Team Anna .Prashant Bhushan, prominent Team Anna member and a petitioner in the case, is expected to lead the campaign for the group in Uttar Pradesh along with Kiran Bedi and Manish Sisodia. With Anna Hazare still convalescing and Arvind Kejriwal by his side, the triumvirate is expected to lead the team's campaign.Speaking to TOI, Bhushan affirmed that the judgment was a strong indictment of UPA and would aid their campaign in the state elections.\"It is certainly an indictment of the government and the justifications given by it have been found useless and mala fide. It's a big blow against corruption and will aid the campaign,\" he said.\"The judgment has effectively paved the way for recovering some of the losses caused by the illegal distribution of spectrum. It has reiterated that natural resources belong to the people and are held in trust. If private persons are given these it has to be done by a transparent and rational process,\" he added.The apex court order, coming before the first phase of voting in UP, is bound to be picked up by the BJP and Anna's anti-graft campaign could further vitiate the atmosphere for Congress in the crucial elections.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733985", "title": "Ghost colonies to boomerang on govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The illegal colonies scam is set to blow up in the government's face with DDA submitting a fact-finding report on the ground situation to the Lokayukta.The report contains explosive details of how ghost colonies were given provisional regularisation certificates. It could also be double whammy for the government with the Lokayukta putting another probe report by the deputy commissioner, revenue, in the public domain.In the eye of a storm is the Kotla Mahigram Extension in Jasola which exists only on paper, but was shockingly given provisional legal cover. There are no residents, no homes - just vacant DDA land encroached upon and encircled by a wall. In Abul Fazal enclave, semi-permanent structures have come up on vacant DDA plots and any demolition drive was met with violent resistance. These were part of the 1,218 unauthorisied colonies that were granted provisional certificates by the Sheila Dikshit government in the run-up to the 2008 polls.On November 25, last year, DDA had shot off a missive to the principal secretary, urban development, terming these colonies as fake and bringing to the fore a multi-crore scam.The government was in the know of a brewing scam at least two years ago. On October 2010, DDA had apprised the government's urban development department about the fraud being perpetuated in the name of Kotla Mahigram in Jasola village.The recent ground report by DDA is shocking. A letter to the principal secretary urban development states: \"Khasra numbers 301 and 317 are vacant DDA land. No colony exists here. It appears that vested interests have included the name of this colony to grab government land.\"In case of Abul Fazal Enclave Part-II, Block G&H;, Road 13A, Jasola, another bogus colony was issued a provisional regularisation certificate. DDA letter states \"this is a site with 28 bighas and about 20 bighas have been encroached upon. Semi-permanent houses, most of them one or two-room structures, have been built. These are empty and locked\".At Radha Krishna Vihar at Kotla Mahigram, DDA found the colony to be non-existent and tracked down encroachments. It has sought deletion of the site from the list of colonies to be regularized. DDA also cites Shakti Enclave in Kilokri and Block D of Saidulajab Extension in Paryavaran Complex as fake.Now, more skeletons may tumble out of the closet. In an order of February 1, the Lokayukta has put on record that the inquiry report on the status of these three colonies by the deputy commissioner, revenue, is being put on court file and would be available to any of the parties for inspection. Also, citizens can also access this through RTI.Lokayukta Manmohan Sarin has justified the stand, pointing out that \"disclosure of the report is in consonance with transparency in functioning which is conducive to efficiency and probity in governance. Such disclosure is, therefore, in public interest.\"After the scam was unearthed last year, the chief minister ordered an inquiry. She had pointed out that certificates were given subject to the condition that the claim of built-up area filed by an RWA was valid when put through verification at a later date as stipulated by the urban development ministry guidelines.However, it has taken the state three years since 2008 to wake up to the mess. The government's preliminary inquiry found that prima facie 125 colonies were issued PRCs did not meet the built-up area eligibility as per MCD survey reports of 2002 and 2007.Showcause notices were issued in these cases and about 73 were cancelled in December. However, urban development minister AK Walia is now putting all 1,639 colonies through a rigorous review.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11739157", "title": "Neeta &amp; Nishka Lulla design Genelia's wedding saree", "text": "Designer Neeta Lulla designs Genelia bridal saree as daughter Nishka Lulla styles the Marashtrian wedding look, writes Nimisha TiwariToday, Bollywood actress Genelia D'Souza is looking resplendent and royal as a bride. Performing the rituals of a Maharashtrian wedding with co-actor Riteish Deshmukh in Mumbai (3 rd Feb, 2012), this young actress is glowing with happiness. \"Wearing a bright red saree, which is joined by two drapes of Pathani to give a Maharastrian feel, gold kundan border blouse and matching jewellery, Genelia's looking regal,\" says designer Neeta Lulla.Neeta's daughter, young designer Nishka Lulla is styling the entire look together for Genelia and making sure the bride is comfortable in her pre-stitched Pathani. Meanwhile, Neeta has also draped Riteish Deshmukh's mother in a rust colour, kundan work saree.Genelia's mother is sporting a saffron yellow Pathani saree. The entire feel is typically Maharashtrian and only close family members are attending the wedding. Tomorrow on 4th February, a grand reception is being organised at the Grand Hyatt hotel in Mumbai.Leading Bollywood stars are expected to attend the reception in all their finery.Incidentally, Riteish and Genelia are starring as real-life couple in their forthcoming film Tere Naal Ishq Ho Gaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mahrajganj", "code": "11735483", "title": "SP will waive off farmers' loans if voted to power: Mulayam", "text": "MAHRAJGANJ: Accusing Chief Minister Mayawati of ignoring interests of farmers in Uttar Pradesh, Samajwadi Party (SP) President Mulayam Singh Yadav on Thursday said if his party was voted to power, agricultural loans of upto Rs 50,000 would be waived off.Addressing an election rally here, Yadav said that BSP had ignored the interests of farmers in the state who constituted about 72 per cent of the population.\"If Samajwadi Party is voted back to power we will immediately waive off farmers' loan upto Rs 50,000, \" he said adding small traders would also benefit under the scheme.The former chief minister reiterated the promise of unemployment allowance and financial assistance to girls who, after passing class Xll, opt for higher education and exhorted his supporters to \"come out in large numbers on the polling day and help the SP to form its government with an absolute majority\" .\"As soon as the SP comes to power, we will declare a number of backward castes like Bind, Nishad, Kahar and Kolas as Scheduled Castes so that they can enjoy the facilities reserved for the category and get a better chance to improve their lot, \" the SP supremo said to a round of loud applause.\"Though lakhs of Muslim craftsmen are employed in building our houses, they themselves are forced to live in inhuman conditions, \" Yadav said adding that for those in the state who cannot afford medical expenses on heart, kidney or liver ailments which is sometimes as high as Rs 2 to 3 lakh, \"we have decided to provide free medical facilities\".  Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735600", "title": "Licences' cancellation will not hit UP customers immediately", "text": "LUCKNOW: Customers in Uttar Pradesh will not be affected immediately by the Supreme Court's order to cancel 122 telecom licenses in India. With the apex court having given telecom firms four months in which to cease operations, existing users will be able to use the facility of Mobile Number Portability (MNP) to switch to existing service providers.In UP's telecom sector (East and West), a total of eight service providers offer mobile telephone services. Of these, licenses of Uninor, Etisalat, DB telecom, Videocon and Loop Mobile were granted after January 2008, the period after which, the apex court said, allocations were done in an arbitrary manner.Despite the four-month window, many customers could be left in a lurch because MNP is applicable for porting between mobile operators only within the same telecom circle. Also, by regulation, customers can port-into another operator only if they have been with an operator for at least 90 days.Managing director of Lucknow-based consultancy firm Saanco Consultancy, Umesh Agarwal, said, \"Older and bigger service providers will gain from the court's decision. Newer companies, however, will lose their subscribers. The industry will see a consolidation, but customers may end up with fewer choices.\"Though Thursday's decision caught several mobile phone companies off guard, consumers raised concerns about whether existing service providers are suitably prepared to take on additional numbers of subscribers, once firms whose licenses have been cancelled stopped their services. \"Existing companies that have not been affected by the cancellation of licenses will have to strengthen their infrastructure. That means additional mobile phone towers and added facilities. Otherwise, customers will have to suffer dropped calls and poor connectivity,\" said Siddharth Sinha, a management student.In Lucknow, Thursday also saw several GSM users unaware about the latest developments that rocked the telecom industry. With the option of MNP available, they said, they were no longer worried about switching to other service providers. \"It will be inconvenient, of course. However, firms will only be too happy to sign up additional users,\" said Sonam Mitra, a school teacher in Lucknow.According to Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), till December 2011, Vodafone Essar had the highest subscriber share with 2.38 crore users in UP East and West, while Bharti Airtel came a close second with 2.03 crore users in both the circles. Thursday's decision, however, is likely to have the highest impact on Uninor, whose subscriber base in UP East and UP West is 65.34 lakh and 43.86 lakh respectively. Services of Loop Mobile have not been started in UP east. Videocon, on the other hand, had 8,830 subscribers in UP West, and 16,724 subscribers in UP East. Etisalat DB telecom, the other operators in UP, has a user base of 46,092 in West and 48,198 in the East circle.In an order by the apex court, licenses of 122 service providers were cancelled because the allocation process was found to have been done in an arbitrary manner. Among the 122 licenses issued by former Union telecom minister A Raja in January 2008 on a first-come, first-serve basis, Uninor was allotted 22 pan India licenses, 21 to Loop Mobile, 21 to Sistema-Shyam, 15 to Etisalat-DB, six to S Tel 6, 21 to Videocon, nine to Idea Cellular and three to Tata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "model town extension", "code": "11735530", "title": "Beenu catches eye with packing", "text": "MODEL TOWN EXTENSION: Whenever there is a wedding in Beenu Dang's family, the relatives come knocking at her door to seek her help in packing the gifts, trousseau and different items to be used in the ceremony. And Beenu never disappoints. She uses velvet , brocades, pearls and wood swarovski among many other things to jazz up the gifts and accessories, even making them match the wedding's theme because she believes that \"presentation is everything.\"Beenu said she did not ever take classes on how to pack and the ideas all come from her own head. \"In 2006, I had decorated a ring tray for my cousin Simi's wedding and all the relatives admired it. Then I stayed away from anything of the kind for about three years. In 2009, my family encouraged me again to professionally pursue trousseau packing and well, the story has gone on,'' she said.Beenu said she had a creative bend of mind since childhood and her family kept boosting her morale. \"Initially I started making trousseau packs for my friends and relatives and as word got around, the orders began to trickle in. \"When special thought is given towards packing the gift it increases the value. The way a gift is packed is as important as the thing itself,'' said Beenu, who also makes cute packs for baby showers and anniversary celebrations. Currently using her home as the work station too, Beenu said she is planning to open an outlet.\"I send trousseau packs to my relatives living abroad and also import accessories from foreign countries,'' she added.Her husband, R P Singh said his wife has an exceptional skill and he supports her. \"She is a woman of many talents and also makes chocolates for different occasions,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734608", "title": "Big machines, bigger hearts", "text": "NAGPUR: Demolition contractors may sound like tough guys but their hearts seem to have a softer side. Nagpur-based Matte and Associates could have earned a few lakh rupees in two days that their equipment was deployed at Kalamna collapse site but its management preferred to earn blessings.The gigantic jumbo combi-crushers cutting through the debris and removing rubble are usually rented out for Rs 20,000 an hour. The company gave these for the rescue operation free of cost. The government is only paying for the fuel. There are just about half-dozen such machines in the country at present. The company procured the machine in 2007 and for the first time it has been deployed for a special cause and not business.On Monday, the six-storeyed warehouse-cum-cold storage caved in at Chikhli layout trapping several persons under the debris. Owner Pramod Khandelwal's friend Pawan Kedia, manager Girish Khandelwal and Krishna Tumsarkar too were among the trapped.The Swedish machine, worth around Rs 1.75 crore, was suppose to head to Kolkata but was diverted here to aide the rescue act. The machine, capable of bringing down concrete without any vibration and at a faster pace, was pressed into action late Tuesday night.Devendra Matte, one of the owners of the company, said he would be happier if even a single life could be saved with his machine. \"I learnt about the tragedy from media. I contacted a senior official at Nagpur Municipal Corporation and offered the machine,\" he said. He added the machine could have been more useful had it reached the site earlier. \"We could have saved at least some lives if our machine had started work on Monday itself,\" he said.Matte said that it would be difficult for government to keep such a machine ready for emergencies as it needed substantial maintenance. The machine is capable of removing 100 cubic metres debris in just eight hours. \"I would pray if we are ever required to come to such help again, the call is on time so we can rescue people and not just get bodies out,\" said Matte.The administration now seems to have got its act together and salvage operations have also speeded up on the fourth day. Even collector Saurabh Rao, however, admitted to delay in beginning full-fledged action. The operation, which commenced on a cautious note with hope to rescue someone alive from under the debris, is now in full throttle as there is little chance of anyone being found alive now.It is learnt that apart from combi-crushers, some excavators and cranes working here too have been offered free of cost with the administration only providing the fuel.Also, Kanak Resources Management Limited, the private agency which collects and disposes garbage from the city, has pressed in three excavators and six tippers free of cost at the site. A 15-member team from Kanak has also been working at the site, said the in-charge Naresh Choudhari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11735882", "title": "10 lakh polling staff will cast vote through service ballot", "text": "VARANASI: The Election Commission on Thursday paved the way for over 10 lakh government officials, employees and non-government employees to exercise their franchise through service ballot from the same polling stations and booths where they would be deployed on election duty.Deputy chief election commissioner Alok Kumar Shukla and chief election officer of UP Umesh Sinha informed that the provisions for facilitating the people engaged for poll-related responsibilities had been discussed and over 10 lakh government officials, employees and also the non-government employees would be able to cast their vote during state assembly election.The deputy CEC and CEO UP were in the city to review poll preparations at a meeting of the officials from Varanasi, Allahabad, Mirzapur and Azamgarh divisions at the Commissionery Auditorium. Apart from them, director general of police Atul Kumar, principal secretary (home) Manjeet Singh, divisional commissioners, IG/DIG ranges, district magistrates and DIG/SSPs, the election commission's observers from all the districts of those divisions participated in the meeting.While talking to media persons during the lunch session of the meeting, Shukla said the service ballets were being arranged to distribute among the polling staff and would be given to each of them during three pre-poll training sessions. With this decision of the Election Commission, not only the officers handling responsibilities like magistrates, returning officers and other polling booth staff, the drivers of acquired vehicles and other non-government persons would be able to cast their votes. He said those polling staff would not have to go to the post office to post their service ballets but to facilitate them, ballot boxes would be kept at the place of their deployment. These ballet boxes would be kept in strong room and opened on the day of counting, added Shukla. Earlier, the facility of service ballet was given to those Army personnel and government employees who are posted in other districts. On their demand, the service ballet is sent to them by post for exercising franchise. Shukla said the polling in UP would take place at about 1.50 lakh booths and, at each booth, minimum five polling officers and employees are engaged. Keeping the number of people engaged for polling, over 10 lakh service ballet would be required, he added.Shukla and Sinha said they had reviewed the preparations for the first and third phase polling during Thursday's meeting and they were fully satisfied. The officials not only gave a guarantee for free and fair elections but also highlighted the provisions made for peaceful and fair polling at sensitive and highly sensitive. They said apart from deploying heavy police and paramilitary forces, micro observers and videographers, the provision of webcast of all proceedings at such booths would be done.The officials said to check the menace of close associates of the criminals and musclemen contesting election from jails, exercises like ensuring action on non-bailable warrants, bound down and other preventive actions were being initiated. The exercise to check the use of money power to influence voters had resulted in the seizure of over Rs 30 crore in UP alone.They said when the election dates were coming closer, the vigilance in each assembly area had been increased while intelligence structure was also being strengthened. They also informed about the decision taken during interstate meetings of police to make foolproof security arrangements in bordering as well as Maoist-affected districts, especially on the polling day.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11735182", "title": "A Bondla elephant some will never forget", "text": "PANAJI: It was a funeral very different from any other. The grave massive, the mourners past and present foresters, the prayers varied.They stood around the burial area, gently placed flowers on the body and gave their mammoth friend one last loving look. Lying in the freshly dug grave, Radha, Bondla's oldest inmate, looked, as always, calm.The 71-year-old female elephant had passed away peacefully on Republic day and was buried barely four metres from the spring, where she was found dead. Bondla zoo's top officials and staff attended the funeral last Friday, waiting till the earth covered her completely.\"Her burial was the only one of its kind,\" range forest officer Paresh Porob said.\"She died very peacefully after a short walk and a mud bath at the spring,\" deputy conservator of forest (wildlife and eco tourism) D N Carvalho said.On Republic day, Radha was released for grazing in the forest at around 5pm, but returned within two hours. \"The zoo staff heard the sound of chains nearby,\" Parab said. The heavy chains and their drags marks in the soil help zoo workers keep track of the pachyderm's movements in the forest. \"It is a concept used since historic times in south India,\" an official said.When the watchman flashed the torch, he saw her motionless, resting her head on a tree stump. Seeing no movement, he guessed the truth.Forest department officials, conservator of forests (wildlife) Khawlring, assistant conservator of forest Kamu Prakash, along with Carvalho and other staff bid farewell to Radha.\"A former veterinary doctor at the zoo, all four mahouts, who looked after her, and staff who were not on duty and one retired staffer came especially to pay their last tributes to her,\" a source said.Radha, who had been brought from Shimoga, Karnataka in 1978 was known to be quiet. Another elephant, Krishna, trapped in Goa in 1989, and trained at Bondla, was her companion at the zoo.\"She had become very old and had stopped giving joy rides to visitors during the last three years,\" an official said.Otherwise, Radha was normal and did not suffer from any sickness. She had lost her molars and was fed only soft food for over a year. Radha had also not been accompanying Krishna, who is half her age, the last seven days of her life. \"This was because she preferred shorter walks,\" the official said.Elephants are very intelligent and zoo officials feel she may have sensed her end. \"She chose the site near the labourers' colony as if to alert them about her death,\" a zoo official said.Zoo officials are now looking for a companion for Krishna. \"We are talking to central zoo authority about it,\" an official said.Elephantine FactsWith a brain larger than any other land animal, elephants are considered the most intelligent speciesElephants have been tested for their skills in arithmethic and have done better than humansThey are inseparable as family units, standing by each other in crisis, and even burying their deadElephants use infrasonic sound, which cannot be heard by humans, to communicate over a distanceDespite their wild behaviour, they are also known to help humans and other animalsThey suck water and squirt it out playfully or strike at flies on themselves using branches", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735297", "title": "Raids on, Ponty group denies any cash haul", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after income-tax sleuths raided liquor baron and industrialist Ponty Chaddha, his firm Wave Infratech denied reports that taxmen had seized Rs 100 crore in currency notes from a vault in the basement of Noida's Centerstage Mall, one of several businesses owned by him.The denial came even as the I-T department continued searches of Chaddha's premises on the second day on Thursday. The last team of the I-T department left Centerstage Mall around 3 pm on Thursday.The raids began on Wednesday when Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati , allegedly a political patron of the businessman, launched her election campaign by addressing a big rally in Sitapur. Thanks to the timing, many have seen the action of taxmen through the political prism.Wave Infratech denied that that the group had any political affiliation or association with any political outfit in the country, insisting that it was purely a business concern. In a statement, it maintained that the business group had been paying taxes regularly and meeting all statutory requirements.Refuting accounts of what was recovered during the I-T raids, the statement issued on behalf of liquor baron Ponty Chaddha said, \"All the transactions of the Chaddha group, whether through cash or bank, are properly accounted for and there is no income that remains undisclosed to the government.\"Significantly, repeated efforts by TOI to contact the I-T officials for their response to Chaddha's claim proved futile: something that will ensure that the speculation about the huge cash haul from his premises did not abate on Thursday. About 23 premises belonging to Chaddha were raided by the criminal intelligence and investigation unit of the I-T department.There were reports that around Rs 200 crore in cash had been recovered from different places during the searches, the bulk of it from Centerstage Mall.Chaddha is believed to be one of the few businessmen with direct access to Mayawati. However, he is known for contacts across the political spectrum and has thrived under regimes of all hues, including that of Congress. He is the sole wholesale distributor of almost all liquor sold in UP. The group also owns hundreds of liquor stores in the state. It's a business that had Rs 4,000 crore turnover by 2009. Apart from the liquor, the group has diversified into housing, real estate, paper, sugar and power production to name a few. It also has interests in malls, multiplexes and financing of Bollywood productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11733480", "title": "Rajsamand to become transport hub", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajsamand district will become a transport hub as the Union government has approved to develop the area and also set up an Institute of Driving Training Research &amp; Inspection and Certification Centre.The Centre has so far approved Rs 28 crore for the institute and constituted a three-member committee headed by joint secretary, transport, to finalise the details of the project. The committee will submit its report in a week.\"The hub at Rajsamand is very significant because of the mining project at Dariba by Hindustan Zinc . Modalities like whether the hub would be a public-private partnership or total investments would be finalised soon,\" said C P Joshi, minister of road transport and highways.The district administration has also identified the land for the project. \"Thirty acres land has been identified at Relmagra for the hub, which is adjacent to the driver training institute and it is yet to be decided whether the land would be transferred to the Centre or would be retained by the state,\" said Preetam Kumar, district magistrate, Rajsamand.The government is also mulling inviting the major players and stakeholders in the segment to set up their centres in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11726749", "title": "Pandit Jasraj\u2019 chilled performance", "text": "While winter blues have been making all of us in Delhi wish for spring to arrive soon, we were left shivering in our woollen layers when we heard of the recent feat of a Hindustani classical music biggie.Earlier in January, vocalist Pandit Jasraj performed at the South Pole, and his daughter, Durga Jasraj, was the one who told us of this feat by Panditji.At an event in Delhi, while talking about her father's achievements, Durga let slip, \"On January 8, he performed at the South Pole, perhaps the only person at his age to do so. He's 82 years old and to perform at the Antartic Circle is a big thing! It's a great feat and it makes me really proud of his achievements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "11735942", "title": "Pak hospital won\u2019t give baby to prez for adoption", "text": "LAHORE: Authorities in Pakistan's Punjab province handed over a one-year-old abandoned girl to a childless couple after refusing some seven other hopefuls, including president Zardari, who wanted the baby for his sister Faryal Talpur .Allama Iqbal Medical College Principal Javed Akram handed over the girl, Fatima, by hospital doctors, to Muhammad Iqbal and his wife Ayesha during a ceremony held on Wednesday.The adoption procedure was completed after the administration of state-run Jinnah Hospital turned down applications from seven persons, including Zardari, who wanted the baby for his sister.The ailing girl was left by an unknown woman at Jinnah Hospital some weeks ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11735227", "title": "School principal in the dock for vulgar poetry", "text": "SURAT: Principal of a prominent school in the city found himself in trouble after education department team raided the institution following information that a collection of vulgar poems written and published by him was being circulated in the campus.A two-member team of education department raided the CC Shah School at Athwa lines and questioned principal Hiren Desai at campus and searched his office, library and staff room. The school is run by Sarvajanik Education Society (SES), one of the oldest and largest education trust in the city.The education department was tipped off about some \"vulgar\" poetries describing a woman's body and bedroom scenes penned by Desai. One of the poetry collections was launched in a function recently held at SES event on Tuesday.More skeletons tumbled out of the school's closet when a teacher complained to the team about abusive language used freely by senior staff members.\"We were shocked when the lady teacher raised the issue. We could not believe that such an environment is there in the school. She complained that some staff members use expletives freely in the school,\" said B R Pathak, education inspector, who raided the school.Desai, in his statement to the team, claimed that he had not circulated the poetry book or kept it in school.\"People can draw their own conclusions from the poems. My intention was not vulgarity. I am not aware about complaint about abusive language or any such poem pasted on the notice board,\" Desai told TOI.Ironically, SES had issued a circular on Tuesday instructing all educational institutions that it runs and students to purchase Desai's poetry collection. The collection mentioned in the circular contains the vulgar poems, sources confirmed.R G Shah, chairman of SES, was not available for comment on the issue.\"The teacher also informed us that a poem depicting few teachers in the school in an extremely poor light was put up on the notice board and removed few minutes before the team arrived. We assured the teachers that the environment will improve,\" said Pathak.The education department team failed to find any book with vulgar poetry in the school premises as the books were kept in a locked room, sources in the school informed.\"We have carried out the search following information of vulgar poetry collections being published and circulated by the principal in the school premises. We will prepare a report based on the search,\" said Dinesh Patel, district education officer, Surat.Top officerbearers of SES called an urgent meeting on Thursday afternoon following the raid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11736540", "title": "In land of bhangra, Odissi refreshes students", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of Guru Nanak Public School, Sarabha Nagar and Ramgarhia Girls College in Miller Ganj were on Thursday stumped by the graceful moves and sharp expressions of Odissi dancer Geeta Mahalik, who performed for them. Geeta said Odissi is a slow but graceful dance that demands perfect concentration for emoting a piece of poetry.\"Your expression must match the verse perfectly as error can spell doom,'' she said. Though the dancer has performed internationally she said it felt awesome to perform for students. Geeta said she has been able to choreograph several dance dramas and has also been honoured with Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2009 Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship in 2010.Sarabha Nagar-resident Gurpal Singh, who is a student of GNPS, said the dance has ignited the passion of students to explore the beauty of Indian dance forms. Another student, Amarpreet Singh, a resident of Ghumar Mandi, said he was bored seeing bhangra and giddha and the Odissi performance was refreshing.Harpreet Kaur of Ramgarhia College and resident of Field Ganj said Geeta did a wonderful job of acquainting the youth with the rich cultural legacy of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11733973", "title": "Radio FTII to broadcast series on malnutrition", "text": "A series on the issues of malnutrition among children will be aired by Radio FTII (90.4 MHz), the community radio of the Film and Television Institute of India, from mid-February. The series is part of a nationwide campaign launched by the NGO, Save the Children , and aims at raising awareness on malnutrition and effective ways to counter it. The 30-minute episodes in Marathi will be based on topics like malnutrition in Pune, neo-natal care, mortality rate, and the implementation and effectiveness of the National Rural Health Mission launched by the ministry of health and family welfare.Course in astronomy: Astronomica, an astronomy club, is conducting a certificate course in basic astronomy for four consecutive Sundays, starting February 12. The last class will be held on March 3 and each session will be held for two hours between 6 pm and 8 pm. Registration is mandatory for participants and sessions will be held at Nutan Marathi Vidyalaya, behind S P College.Workshop on physiotherapy held: A two-day workshop on clinical taping concluded in the city recently. Taping is an advance technique in physiotherapy which is very useful to facilitate joint movement and improve blood supply. Organised by Sports and Fitness Training Federation of India (SFTFI), the workshop aimed at imparting training to physiotherapists in recent advances and newer techniques to improve their skill-sets. Professor U. T Ifthikar Ali, president,SFTFI and physiotherapist Chandra Iyer guided the students. Physiotherapist Svinal Waghmare, SFTFI Pune convenor conducted the workshop.Two-day Physics seminar: The Haribhai V Desai College in collaboration with the Indian Association of Physics Teachers, Pune chapter, has organised a state-level seminar on 'Innovative research projects for teachers and students' on February 4 and 5. Rajat Moona, director general, Centre for Development of Advanced Computing, will inaugurate the seminar to be held at the Desai College. Participants include experts in physics like Nayana Shah from the University of Cincinnati , USA, former scientist of the National Chemical Laboratory Anil Lachake and Anupama Kulkarni from the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre.Reunion and felicitation: The reunion of the St Vincent School's class of 1958 as well as a felicitation of the only living teacher of that time will be held at 11 am on February 4. Some eminent persons from the class are Dr Kurus Coyaji, dean, KEM Hospital, Nimo Punwani, former managing director of Tata Steel , eminent army and air force officers, engineers and doctors. Among other highlights, the reunion will have eulogy for the departed teachers and classmates and address on behalf of the class of 1958 by Punwani.Results of government commercial exam declared: The Maharashtra State Council of Examinations has declared the result of the government commercial certificate examination held in November 2011. The result was declared on January 31 at 5 pm on its website . The certificates and mark-sheets will be handed over to all the principals of the institutes through respective education officers and Zilla Parishads in the state. The institute will give the certificates and mark-sheets to students on February 10.Water and sanitation study: Kirloskar Foundation along with Rotary Club of Poona and Stavanger Rotary Club of Norway build a new toilet block at Maharashtra Arogya Mandal's Dada Gujar High School at Mohammadwadi under the initiative to improve health and hygiene in schools. The school has over 1,100 students. Before implementing the project, a study about the requirement of water and sanitation for the school was conducted and then it was implemented in consultation with school authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11733488", "title": "Jodhpur water supply project gets Rs 630 French loan", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government will receive Rs 630 crore as loan from French Development Agency (AFD) for Jodhpur water supply project, which is estimated to cost Rs 740 crore. The project aims to augment and extend the present system for meeting the water demand of Jodhpur city till 2029.An MoU regarding this was signed between joint secretary, economic affairs, ministry of finance Prabodh Saxena and additional chief secretary PHED, government of Rajasthan in the presence of French Ambassador Francois Richier on Thursday in New Delhi.AFD has sanctioned a soft loan of Rs 440 crore against the total cost of Rs 550 crore for the first phase of \"Re-Organization of Urban Water Supply Project for Jodhpur City.\" The loan is sanctioned on a floating rate of interest as \"6-monthly euribore\" flat, which is currently 1.425% per annum and the principal sum is to be repaid in a duration of 15 years after the execution period of 5 years.Besides, in-principle approval has been given for the second phase of the project for which Rs 190 crore loan will be given. Under the project, water would flow with gravity and high technique pumping stations would help in saving electricity. Regular water supply would be ascertained in Mandor, Mahamandir and Pavta areas which face drinking water problem. The settlements being developed on Nagaur Road, Jaipur Road and Pali Road would also get regular and systematic drinking water supply.Under the Reorganised Jodhpur Water Supply Project, the current water system of Jodhpur city would be strengthened by laying a 66 kilometre new pipeline and 40 kilometre long old lines will be changed. A diggi would be prepared in Surpura dam having a capacity of 21 crore cubic feet and would be connected to Rajiv Gandhi lift canal through a 30 kilometre-long pipeline.Two pumping stations -one each in Surpura and Takhtsagar -would be set up under the project. Two clean water reservoirs having a capacity of 80 lakh litres each would be constructed in Surpura and Takhtsagar while one clean water reservoir having a capacity of 17.5 lakh litres would be constructed in Lalsagar. Two filter plants having a capacity of 9 crore litres and 6 crore litres would be set up in Surpura and Takhtsagar respectively. The services of consultancy firms of international level would be hired for the better and qualitative implementation and management of the project.French Ambassador Francois Richier said that the Government of France and India share one common priority and that is to help and work on sustainable development in the field of water management. Water is key for everything that includes health, urban development and agriculture. It is essential to provide clean water to Indian people. The project is a key endeavour in this direction,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "11736528", "title": "For Guptas, she is 'Pari' till aunt decides her name", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: The Gupta family is busy making ISD calls for the past one month to find a suitable name for their baby daughter, 'Pari', as baby's aunt (bua) lives in Canada and has not been able to suggest a suitable name till now.That is why the family is calling her Pari, till they find something better. There are already two children in the house and she is the third one.Shillender Gupta got married to Neelam on May 24, 2001, and Pari took birth on December 7, 2011. Aunt of the baby, Bindu Gupta, wants to take Pari with her to Canada because she does not have any daughter.As per the horoscope, the astrologer had suggested letter 'L' for naming her but the family is not happy with this letter. Bindu Gupta had suggested names like Ridhi, Sidhi but these names were also rejected.Narrating the situation surrounding the naming tradition, Neelam said, \"According to the family traditions, only aunt can select name for the newborn. We keep asking my sister-in-law in Canada about the names. She is searching names on the internet but till now has not found a suitable name.\" She further said she has one son, 9, and one daughter, 6, besides Pari.Shillender, who owns a shop said, \"My sister wants to adopt this girl so she wants a name that would be appropriate in Canada and hence, is taking a lot of time. We are also asking people for suggesting a suitable, as almost a month has passed.\"However, the grandmother of Pari, Swaran Devi said, \"It does not make any difference whether the girl stays here or in Canada. It is just because my daughter does not have a daughter that she wants to adopt Pari.\" She further said that her daughter would be coming in next few days to India and then they would finally decide a name for the girl. She said by then, they are collecting as many names as possible for avoiding further delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738303", "title": "Lisa Ray gets engaged", "text": "Life after defeating cancer just got better for Lisa Ray , who talks about her engagementWhen and how did you meet your fiance Jason Dehni? When did you know he was the one? Jason is a banking executive, philanthropist and sits on the board of many prestigious arts organisations in Toronto . He co-founded a charity called Artbound in association with the NGO Free the Children, which raises money to build schools and sustainable villages as well as arts facilities in regions, which are in need.My friend, Canadian media personality Seamus O' Regan, is the honorary chair of Artbound. After interviewing me one day for Canada AM, he suggested I get involved. Seamus, however, neglected to mention the co-founder was handsome, brilliant and full of integrity.What are you and Jason looking forward to in the future? I wrote in my blog: 'Love is an action and we practise that every day'. He truly makes me a better person and inspires me. We will announce our wedding date shortly.Right now, we're reveling in our engagement and celebrating with friends. I miss my friends in India a lot. Hopefully, we will settle on a location for the wedding where all our friends from around the world can gather together.How did your family react to your relationship? My father adores Jason. Both our families got together this Christmas to celebrate as one. Jason's family loves my dad. He has strong family values and that's super important to me as well.Your heart belongs to Jason, but your soul is in India. Do you hope to bring him here soon? Believe it or not, Jason and I had planned a trip to India a few days after we met. He was with me during my promotions for a product. He saw five cities in India in two weeks and when he ventured with me to eat paranthas in Paranthewale Gully in Chandi Chowk, I realised he really is the one. He's comfortable in all situations, loves India and is even open to spending more time in the country, given the right opportunity. Hopefully, we will make an extended trip together this year, though he is very busy with work at the moment.Tell me about your career plans? Any films in the pipeline? I am very excited to be the new host of Top Chef Canada, which is one of the highly rated and anticipated shows in Canada. Padma Laxmi hosts the American version. It was a new experience. Plus, I get to bring my own glamorous Indian-inspired flavour to mainstream audiences here. It releases on March 12. I am working on my book, looking at scripts and projects and developing some material I feel passionately about. I'm also working on my own beauty line. My philanthropic work is also a key element of life. I have lots to celebrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11735511", "title": "PGI doctor awarded", "text": "CHANDIGARH: How can certain preventions after cataract surgery reduce complications including gradual loss of vision? Guidelines have been formulated by a PGI doctor. And recognizing the accomplishment, Dr Jagat Ram, department of ophthalmology in PGI, has been awarded the prestigious Prof P Siva Reddy International Award from All India Ophthalmological Society for 2012 at Cochin on Thursday during the annual meeting of All India Ophthalmological Society Conference.The award is given to only one eminent ophthalmologist each year for outstanding research work in ophthalmology done in India or anywhere in the world. He received this award for his research work on Posterior Capsular Opacification which is one of the most common vision disabling problem after successful phacoemulsification with lens implantation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734442", "title": "Man gets 1-yr jail for defaming ex-wife", "text": "HYDERABAD: A computer instructor, who reportedly posted objectionable images of his former wife on the internet, was awarded one-year imprisonment by the VIth additional chief metropolitan magistrate, Nampally court, on Thursday. This is the first conviction in a cyber crime case in the state since the Information Technology Act became operational.The Crime Investigation Department's Cyber Cell officials said 30-year-old Sanaulla Faisal, a resident of Kilwat, after getting a divorce in 2003, started posting his former wife's nude photographs on various sites.\"In 2004, the victim lodged a complaint with the CID. After a raid on the software professional's house, we seized his camera and computer. Following a forensic examination, it was confirmed that he uploaded the images,\" Cyber Crime additional superintendent of police U Ram Mohan said.Faisal started posting his former wife's profile along with obscene comments on online matrimonial advertisements besides uploading her photos taken when they were a couple. He also sent emails with obscene content to her family members.He was convicted under relevant sections of the Information Technology Act and 506 (Criminal Intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Besides one year imprisonment, he was ordered to pay Rs 12,000 to the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11734011", "title": "More fatalities on city roads than on highway stretches", "text": "PUNE: As many as 1,677 people died in accidents on roads in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad between 2006 and 2011, statistics compiled by the traffic police have revealed. As against this, the fatalities on the highway stretches passing through Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad were around half the number at 835.In fact, of the total number of accidents over the five-year period, 66% were on city roads.The six highway stretches that run through Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad are on the Bangalore-Mumbai, Pune-Mumbai, Pune-Solapur, Pune-Satara, Pune-Nashik and Pune-Ahmednagar roads. Over the last 10 years, the city limits have increased and most of the development has taken place along the highway stretches.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare said that roads in the city should have all the necessary features that would make them safe for different types of road users. \"There are several reasons for accidents. Public awareness about road safety is needed. The number of vehicles has also risen tremendously. On the other hand, there are limitations to enforcing traffic discipline because of limited manpower,\" he said.Road safety activist Chandmal Parmar said the municipal corporations should build proper footpaths and take measures to ensure the smooth flow of traffic. However, he pointed out that vehicles fail to follow traffic rules on the highway stretches too.\"Speed restriction boards should be prominently displayed on these stretches,\" he felt. A citizen, Geo Thomas, said he has been riding a two-wheeler for the last 15 years and has seen a number of accidents taking place only because traffic rules were not followed. \"Traffic rules need to be followed strictly.The fine amount should be substantially increased so as to discourage people from breaking rules,'' he said. Traffic police officials said the increasing number of two-wheelers on city roads was one of the main reasons for the rising number of accidents. The police will soon be making helmets compulsory for two-wheeler riders. Last year, as many as 215 people lost their lives as they were not wearing helmets, the police said. Statistics for Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad show that there are over 31.41 lakh vehicles registered with the two regional transport offices. Of these, over 23.39 lakh vehicles are two-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11734967", "title": "High court seeks reply on tax tribunal functioning", "text": "PATNA: A division bench of the Patna high court comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Gopal Prasad, while hearing a PIL filed by the Commercial Tax Bar Association on Thursday directed the state government to file a reply with regard to filing up the vacant post of the chairman, Commercial Tax Tribunal, Patna.It is to be noted that the functioning of the tribunal, has been hampered since October 3, 2011, for around four months in the absence of its chairman and a member (accounts). This has led to piling up of cases relating to tax disputes. The tribunal has not been functioning following the transfer of the then chairman N N Ojha as the district and sessions judge, Samastipur. The next date of hearing has been fixed after 10 days.Probe ordered: A single bench of the court presided by Justice Mihir Kumar Jha on the day while hearing a PIL filed by Rambha Kumari directed the principal secretary, education department, to hold an inquiry into appointments of panchayat teachers who were recruited after July 1, 2006, in the state. The court also directed him to complete the inquiry within six months.Directive to govt: The same bench on Thursday while hearing a PIL filed by Mukesh Kumar and others directed the state government to frame a policy with regard to Intermediate pass vocational course students recruited as panchayat teachers. These degree holders, who were earlier appointed as panchayat teachers, were removed from their service as the HC had earlier termed their appointment as illegal.Stay order: A division bench of the court, comprising Justice Shivkirti Singh and Justice Shivaji Pandey, on the day stayed the HC's earlier order to remove encroachment from the Mazar-e-Sharif near the HC. The order was passed on a PIL filed by Salauddin and others.Ruling on Mazar-e-Sharif: A division bench of the court, comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Gopal Prasad, has directed a petitioner challenging the legality of the management committee of Mazar-e-Sharif to put forward his case before the Waqf Board. The court also directed the Board to take legally binding action in this regard.Buxar Zila Parishad polls: The HC has stayed the election to the Zila Parishad, Buxar, scheduled for Sunday. A single bench of the court presided by Justice Seema Ali Khan passed the order on the PIL filed by a disqualified member of Zila Parishad, Buxar, Manoj Kumar Singh. The court also rendered the SEC order, terminating Singh's Zila Parishad membership, null and void.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11733267", "title": "'China's rise immaterial to US interest in India'", "text": "CUTTACK: The United States' interest in India is growing as the country is emerging as a major power in Asia, and it has got nothing to do with containing the rise of China, US consul general Katherine Dhanani said on Wednesday while giving a talk at the Ravenshaw University here on the Indo-US relationship.Replying to a question from a student, Dhanani said US is focusing on India because India is emerging as a major economic power. She stated that US wants to see both India and China emerge as major powers in Asia.Katherine said, \"In fact, the prosperity of India and the US depends on the prosperity of China. So, the US wants to see both India and China growing.\" She said a new level of partnership is growing between India and the US. Both the countries are natural partners as they have a lot in common. The countries share common values, goals and a mutual desire for a peaceful world. She also said US now values what India brings to the table. Her country not only supports India as a rising power, but also supports it to make it a reality.\"She also said since the 1990s, the relationship between India and the US has improved a lot. Earlier, Americans only related India with Mahatma Gandhi , but now they know about Indian cuisines and culture. Even in the US, Indians forms a population of more than one per cent and are occupying positions in every sector from education to politics. Speaking about the peace plans of US, Katherine said that her country is trying to come up with tools which can promote peace in the entire world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11733145", "title": "Women's commission secretary to visit Angul JSPL site", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: National Commission for Women (NCW) member secretary Anita Agnihotri will visit the Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) site near Angul on Friday.In a clash between the people affected by the mob and security guards of the company, around 250 villagers including 50 Women were injured on January 25.Agnihotri is scheduled to interact with the injured women in hospitals and at their agitation site, sources said. The NCW member secretary's visit to the area follows a letter by the Bhubaneswar-based Smt Nandini Satpathy Memorial Trust, which had appealed to the commission to visit the location.The SNSMT, in its letter to NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma, described the January 25 incident as a barbaric inhuman violence on peaceful protesters, especially women, by the security guards and hired goons of the JSPL.\"In front of a large number of policemen, the hired goons, in the garb of security guards of the company attacked them with iron rods and sticks,\" trust chairperson Suparno Satpathy wrote to the commission on February 1.Meanwhile, the Angul district administration is scheduled to hold a meeting involving the affected villagers and the company officials on Friday to resolve the impasse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "11736451", "title": "Jasleen goes solo with Batalvi", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: Jasleen Royal, a city-based musician and songwriter marked her arrival in the indie-music scene with the launch of her first song \"Panchhi Ho Javan'' on Thursday. The 21-year-old artist released the video of this song, shot entirely in Delhi, on the web.Jasleen, a resident of Ghumar Mandi, has composed five other tracks, which she wishes to release as part of her first album \"Ghoomte Phirte'' in the next couple of months.A multi-instrumentalist, Jasleen plays a guitar, harmonica and tambourine in her compositions, much like the American songwriter, poet and singer Bob Dylan , who is remembered for playing an acoustic guitar, harmonica and piano by himself during his stage acts, apart from the ever relevant songs he wrote.A former student of Hindu College, New Delhi, Jasleen's tryst with music began during her early childhood. Starting from a small key board, she went on to take lessons from the Royal School of Music, London and Trinity College , London. Jasleen then mastered her act playing a guitar and harmonica simultaneously and later, added a tambourine to her solo ensemble.Her abilities were proved when she made it to the semi-final round of a reality TV show in 2008 and even judged a show on TV. She was invited by Indian embassy to perform at two schools in Kathmandu, Nepal, and has been endorsing a motorcycle company.\"Panchhi Ho Javan'' is actually a poem by Shiv Kumar Batalvi composed by me into an over-3 minute-long song,'' says Jasleen, adding, she put all her savings in the video shoot for this song.\"It took me over five months to write and compose the other five songs. One of them is a Punjabi track while two are English and two Hindi tracks,'' she says.Jasleen, who performs live as a solo artist, is concentrating on the video shoot for two other songs, so that she could launch her album soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11733735", "title": "Renovation work begins at Sonar Fort", "text": "JAISALMER: Renovation work has started at Sonar Fort where parts of boundary wall had collapsed in heavy rain in August last year. About 15 labourers have been engaged in the reconstruction of the collapsed wall. Renovation work has also started at two other places in the fort.TOI had reported the apathy towards the oldest living fort in its edition dated January 16, 2012. The report caught the attention of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who sought a report from Union culture minister Selja. The minister later held a meeting at the secretariat in Jaipur for the protection and conservation of the fort.The Archaeological Survey of India, Jaipur, had sent a proposal worth Rs 91 lakh for reparing the wall to New Delhi but to no avail. However, approval has not been received from ASI to change the sewerage line that was to be started by RUIDP. Now, recently the department has issued a new notice asking IIT New Delhi and Kharagpur experts to give a new report in regard to sewerage, after which the approval will be given. ASI has also given directions that those people who have made houses illegally, will not be given connection in the new sewerage line.Seilja has sent Gautam Sengupta, director general, ASI to oversee the work. He will attend meetings on February 3 and 4 where national and foreign experts will take part. Some prominent names include Mark Baber from World Watch Monument, New York , senior geo technical consultant from Canada Dr John Hughes , senior architect Sameer Deqmonte, Drona's Shikha Jain, Bombay Coalbatery Urban Design and Conservation director S C Deshpandey, World Watch Monument India representative Amita Baig, ASI director (conservation) Jahanavi Sharma and National Culture Fund's Yamini Moboy. Besides, technical experts from IIT-Madras and IIT-Hyderabad are expected to participate.Bombay Coalbatery Urban Design and Conservation has been given the work of stablisation of the fort by ASI. The fourth and final phase of checking the tumult in the hill has been started from February 1. Using modern machines, Inclimeter, has been put at 9 borewells to note the reading. Later, the data will be sent to London for study. Till now Inclimeters have been put in borewells in the hill at three different times and the data has been sent to London for study. Based on the reports, the three faults of earthquake and tumult will be found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734546", "title": "The judge who guided the 2G case into an anti-graft crusade", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"He has been a tough judge,\" admitted attorney general Ghoolam E Vahanvati, as the Supreme Court bid farewell to Justice A K Ganguly on Thursday. A few hours earlier, Justice Ganguly along with Justice G S Singhvi ruled that all 121 licences issued for 2G spectrum were illegal.Justice Ganguly had a wry smile on his face, as Vahanvati paid tribute to the judge who played a historic role in guiding the 2G case into one of India's most sensational anti-corruption investigations, claiming many high and mighty on the way.\"Justice Ganguly has been a tough judge. You couldn't pull the wool over his eyes during court hearings,\" Vahanvati said before an audience of Supreme Court judges, senior lawyers and others including Prashant Bhushan who had gathered for the farewell function organised by the Supreme Court Bar Association.Vahanvati recalled that throughout his career as a judge, Justice Ganguly made his \"strong aversion to corruption\" evident, first in various high courts and later in the Supreme Court.The bench comprising Justices Ganguly and Singhvi is widely perceived to have set the ball rolling for a thorough probe into the 2G scam which eventually led to imprisonment of former telecom minister A Raja and several other high profile people.On his last day as judge of the apex court, Justice Ganguly sat with Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia and the 2G verdict was delivered by Justice Singhvi, though it was their joint judgment.At the SCBA function, Justice Ganguly said he \"always tried to play with a straight bat\" and \"only did my duty\". Pointing to the book written by former English captain David Compton 'End Of An Innings\", Justice Ganguly said, \"Similarly, it is an end of my innings as a judge. I don't know how I played my innings but I always tried to play with a straight bat. It is for you to judge how I have played it.\"He also lamented that the courts were being forced to get involved in everything from \"before the time you are born (pre-natal) to arranging expenses for your funeral\". He added, \"We are solving problems governments are unable or unwilling to solve.\"Quoting Rabindranath Tagore, Justice Ganguly said, \"Bondage is wrapping me around. They are about to leave me. But when they leave me, there is a wrench in my heart.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11738483", "title": "Action against docs: Hardia puts onus on Centre", "text": "INDORE: A day after Union Health Minister asked the state government to initiate action against the doctors who were allegedly involved in drug trial, Minister of Health for state Mahendra Hardia put the ball again in the court of central government.He maintained that the inquiry committee set up by central government has come across irregularities and only Centre is empowered to take action in the drug trial incident.\"Only central government has powers to conduct clinical trial and take action in the matter. State government has taken action against the doctors for not following the norms of Nursing Home Act,\" Hardia told reporters while participating in 'Vikas Yatra' near Radio Colony area of the city.On Wednesday, Union health minister Gulam Nabi Azad had said that the inquiry committee sent by the Centre has found irregularities. He had also asked the state government to explain why this took place and sought action against the doctors.According to sources, Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) had reported about the irregularities to the Union health ministry after which explanation was sought from the state government. Medical Council of India (MCI), meanwhile, is also probing the clinical trial cases that were conducted in the city.The committee set up under professor Sneh Bhargava of MCI is likely to submit its report in coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11735572", "title": "Cong, BSP gimmicks will backfire: Jaitley", "text": "Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha and BJP MP A run Jaitley claims Election-2012 in UP is all about corruption and polarization of votes. While the skilled lawyer flays transparent greed of Congress big guns in 2G spectrum loot or goes hammer and tongs on scams and scandals in Mayaraj, \"excessive minorityism\" forced by the quota card or even sprawling caste-based memorials and monuments dotting Lucknow, he feels, would only lead to a backlash of those sidelined in the process. The gimmick, contrary to what some politicians believe, will only prove to be counter-productive, he tells Manjari MishraQ1. What are the key issues that need to be highlighted by political parties in poll 2012?Ans. I had thought election in UP this time, would be an occasion to engineer a change in agenda. Ever since the two regional parties gained strength in the state and national parties were marginalized, there has been a drastic shift and the mainstream agenda of governance has taken a backseat, pushed out by divisive politics of caste and communities. Gradually, goondaism, extortion and corruption has taken centre-stage. As a result, areas like Noida became political revenue earners for political leaders of the ruling parties. Election 2012 should have been ideally focused on these pressing issues.Q2. Ideally speaking yes, which however is not how you find things at the ground level here. So what went wrong?Ans. Logically, one expected national parties to force a change in the election agenda. We did it in Bihar, UP needed it too. We were, in fact, moving in that direction but the Congress party, unsure of its position in the assembly elections, has done a great disservice to the public. With UP in mind, they started a communal polarization by promising 4.5 percent and later 9 percent quota to minority community and splitting up the OBC quota. The OBC classification includes both communities -- Hindus as well as Muslims. Incidentally, out of the 27 percent OBC quota, the promised share of Muslims will finally add up to a 33 percent. So, under the circumstances, no one is talking about governance. The issue has been swept aside.Q3. How do you plan to bring it back in focus?Ans. By putting before them the example of Bihar, which stands totally transformed today. I can clearly see BSP going down the hill. Chief minster Mayawati is systematically excluding certain segments from the power structure. Even the monuments and memorials she has raised, commemorate the memories of the great hailing from a certain caste. There is a strong reaction and the issue will boomerang on her. The BJP is set to make a significant gain. Our efforts will be two fold: we will continue to highlight good governance and we will target the excessive minorityism of the Congress.This is the reason we are now taking an open stand and asking the voters to give BJP the \"takat\" (numerical strength) so that it can stop implementation of religion-based quota. In fact, we are the only party that is opposing the minority quota while the rest are silent. I can see a churning.Q4. But isn't BJP's war cry to protect the interests of the OBC just another attempt to polarize the community along communal lines? The results will be the same.Ans. Congress started it and when you attempt to polarize, counter-polarization is the cost. This, at times, could be much stronger as it happened in past. Laloo Prasad learnt it in 2005 and Mulayam Singh Yadav learnt it in 2007, so would others who are attempting it now. Marginalizing some and preferring others does't always pay.Q5.This is a high stake election for the Congress, directly linked to the political fate of PM-in-waiting Rahul Gandhi, who is spearheading the campaign in UP himself. How do you rate the chances of Congress's revival?Ans. UP election is an exercise undertaken by the Congress party to find an option to Trinamool Congress. Congress is jittery about its relationship with Mamata Bannerji. They are hunting for a substitute in UP. So they will abuse the Samajwadi Party and the BSP during their campaign, but consequently tie up with either of them.Q6. But Rahul or any of the senior leaders have not given any such indication yet. In fact, their strongest punches are aimed at the SP chieftain or the BSP president.Ans. In that case, are they willing to publicly declare that they will not align with either of the two parties after the election?Q.7 Who would be your post-poll partner. BSP, going by the past records?Ans. Both Nitin Gadkari and I have gone on record that any truck with either SP or BSP is totally ruled out this time. I am hopeful about our prospects with the kind of churning in the voter process, we will make a substantial gain this time.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11735022", "title": "Lottery for poor pupils also in private schools", "text": "PATNA: Education department principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh said on Thursday that private schools would have to fill their allotted seats for students from weaker sections through a lottery if the number of applicants from these sections seeking admission turned out to be more than their respective allotted seats.He added that there was no confusion with regard to that fact, as the private schools concerned had to fill the quota allotted to them, and it had become mandatory for them to do. \"If they have any problem or confusion, then they could move the court,\" Singh said, adding that an official or representative of the department would be present at the time the schools concerned open the lottery to fill the seats in that specific situation. Bihar Education Project (BEP) director Rajesh Bhushan accompanied him.He also said that the department has begun to implement the course correction measure to prevent double enrolment of students in government schools, and accordingly, has postulated that they be given money to purchase school uniforms only after screening the school attendance of students for six months. Accordingly, the attendance of all students admitted to schools from Class I to Class XII would be screened in September-October this year.The department would get the list of all students who pass the muster and clear the screening test in November, following which the department would release the money in December for the purchase of uniforms by the students. \"The money would be distributed among students in January next year maintaining transparency,\" Singh said, adding that this would be the pattern for all subsequent years.Moreover, the distribution of money itself would be done in all the schools over 10 days from January 20 to 29 in the presence of public representatives and mediapersons in the form of a 'campaign'. This would also be the norm with regard to the distribution of bicycles among students. \"Earlier, the distribution of both school uniforms and cycles was linked with admission to promote it. Now, it has been de-linked from admission, and linked with their attendance (75 percent as earlier announced) to ensure that quality is maintained in gaining education,\" he said.Every student admitted to the ninth standard is given Rs 2,500 for a cycle. On the other hand, students of Class I to II get Rs 400 each for uniform, followed by Rs 500 each to students of Class III to V, Rs 700 each to students of Class VI to VIII, and Rs 1,000 each to students of Class IX to XII.Singh also said that the last date for receiving applications for admission in Simultala High School, constructed and developed on the pattern of Netarhat School in Jharkhand, is March 15. He added that objective tests for screening the students would be held on April 15, and the final examination would be held on June 3 at Patna. Chanakya Law University has been authorized to conduct both the examinations, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11734769", "title": "Amravati police crack down on hooligans before polls", "text": "AMRAVATI: To maintain law and order during civil polls slated on February 16, Amravati police commissioner has decided to crack down on those who may create problems. Police have detained 49 people and took preventive action against around 40 hoodlums.Police released the list of around 439 goons of which around 79 are connected to various political parties, 312 are active criminals while 21 miscreants responsible for disturbing communal harmony and 19 are involved in other crimes. Police have issued notices to around 362 goons and detained around 49 people who they suspect may create problem during the polls.Police will also take written undertaking from 257 people that they would not breach any rule during the elections and maintain peace in the city while raids would be planned at liquor shops. Starting from 2009, around 125 offences under Arms prevention act have been reported to the city police who are keeping a close watch on those who were booked under the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11735029", "title": "Babush tells CCP councillors to campaign for Parekh", "text": "PANAJI: Education minister and Taleigao MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate on Thursday asked Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) councillors owing allegiance to him to campaign for city mayor Yatin Parekh in the upcoming assembly elections.Along with the councilors who attended the meeting called by Monserrate at his office at Taleigao, were former councillors who were defeated at the last civic poll as well as former councillors who did not contest in the last CCP election.Sources said that Monserrate told the gathering that time was short for campaigning with a month to go for the polls, but those present should assist Parekh with door-to-door campaigning.When contacted, Parekh said, \"Although it has not yet been officially announced, I have been given the go-ahead by the Congress high command to contest in Panaji. I have taken up the task to challenge Manohar Parrikar . I think that with the efforts of Monserrate and the councillors, I will be able to fight the election.\" Parekh's MLA aspirations had surfaced a few years ago, but he remained a councillor and swore allegiance to Monserrate during the last two civic elections.Parekh also played second-fiddle to Tony Rodrigues and Carolina Po for the first five years when Monserrate's panel won the CCP poll in March 2006, and remained deputy mayor throughout the term.While several names did the rounds as the Congress' probable candidate for the Panaji seat, sources said Parekh \"played smart\" keeping his intentions under wraps till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11738559", "title": "Prisoners roll out chapaties &amp; chicken curries", "text": "KOCHI: Pampering the taste buds of Keralites are some unusual chefs -- prisoners, who are rolling out chapaties and preparing chicken and vegetarian curries for those outside the four walls of the jails.Presently three prisons in the state -- Poojapura central jail in Thiruvananthapuram, Viyoor central jail in Thrissur and the Kozikode district jail have started the venture, which is running successfully with about 60,000 chapaties being made on an average daily with the help of machines by prisoners, says Chief Welfare Officer, Jail department, K A Kumaran.While Central prison at Thiruvananthapuram markets its chapaties as 'Poojapura Chapaties', Viyoor jail inmates branded their product as 'Freedom Chapaties'.There are also plans to start similar ventures in Ernakulam district jail and Kollam jail, Kumaran said. A proposal in this regard would be submitted to the state government soon, he said.In Poojapura central jail, 40,000 chapaties, besides 3,500 packets of chicken and 500 packets of vegetarian curries are made on an average daily, says B Pradeep, Superintendent, Central Prison.The demand for these ready-to-eat chapaties are so huge, they are sold in no time, he said. While a packet containing five chapaties and chicken curry is priced at Rs 25, it is Rs 20 for same set with vegetable curry, he said.The chapaties are ready by 9 am at the three outlets at Thiruvananthapuram. People queue up to take away the packets, he said, adding the counters are open till 6 pm and fresh chapaties are sent as per demand. Bulk orders are also coming during Sundays which are accepted, he said.Convicts serving life imprisonment are among those participating in the venture launched by Tamil film Actor-Director Cheran two months ago. Earlier, only chapaties were made but from Jan 18 this year, the curries were also prepared and sold.In Poojapura jail, the two chapati making machines costing about Rs 2.5 crore each have been installed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11734896", "title": "TMC declares 10 candidates for state polls", "text": "PANAJI: All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) on Thursday announced the first list of 10 candidates for the March 3 assembly elections. Prominent among the candidates are Piedade Noronha in Fatorda, Remmi Fernandes in Nuvem, Shashi Panjikar in Priol and Mario Moraes in Cuncolim. Noronha had contested last election as an independent from Fatorda.President of the Goa unit of TMC Dr Wilfred de Souza said that they are fielding Milton Marshall, a lawyer in San Andre constituency. The names of other candidates include Kanta Jadhav in Pernem, Satish Shetgaonkar (Mandrem), Imtiaz Sayyed (Ponda), Tolentino D'Souza (Cortalim) and Jerry Fernandes (Mormugao).Sources said that the next list will be announced within the next few days. Dr de Souza, according to sources, is eyeing the Aldona seat as a challenger to Congress' Dayanand Narvekar. However, it is not clear whether he will contest at all.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733038", "title": "Chidambaram can take heart from Supreme Court's ruling", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday refrained from deciding Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy's petition demanding that CBI be asked to investigate whether P Chidambaram collaborated with A Raja, but nearly endorsed the defence of the Union home minister that the former telecom minister acted unilaterally.Justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly said that the matter be left for the Special CBI court trying the 2G case.\" Keeping in view the fact that the intervener (Swamy) has already filed an application before the Special Judge CBI before whom he is appearing in person in the complaint case instituted by him and made a prayer for summoning Chidambaram as an accused, we do not consider it proper to entertain his prayer for issue of a mandate to the CBI to investigate Chidambaram\", PTI quoted the bench as saying.Although the SC bench gave the trial court two weeks to decide the matter, Special Judge O P Saini has reserved for Saturday his order on another petition by Swamy. The Janata Party leader had moved the trial court seeking that Chidambaram be made the co-accused in the case.But while it may have left it for the trial court to decide on Chidambaram's alleged culpability, the SC bench seemed to have few doubts that the then finance minister did not help Raja give away spectrum at \"virtually throwaway prices\".The court has said that Minister of Communication and Information Technology A Raja actually avoided P Chidambaram while deciding on the 2G licence allocation.\"As the Minister of C&IT; (Communication &amp; Information Technology) was very much conscious of the fact that the Secretary, Finance had objected to the allocation of 2G spectrum at the rates fixed in 2001, he did not consult the Finance Minister or the officers of the Finance Ministry,\" the judgment has said.The ruling of the top court, technically speaking, should not shape the order of the Special Judge, but it is felt that Judge Saini may not be able to ignore the order of the SC bench.Swamy has alleged that Chidambaram was actively involved in Raja's scheme and did not stop the former telecom minister from twisting rules.However, the SC bench pointed out that Raja did not heed the decision of the union council of minister that the DoT discuss the issue of spectrum pricing with the Ministry of Finance.The order says Raja had brushed aside the suggestion made by the Minister of Law and Justice for placing the matter before the empowered Group of Ministers. \"Not only this, within few hours of the receipt of the suggestion made by the Prime Minster in his letter dated 2.11.2007 that keeping in view the inadequacy of spectrum, transparency and fairness should be maintained in the matter of allocation of the spectrum, the Minister of C&IT; rejected the same by saying that it will be unfair, discriminatory, arbitrary and capricious to auction the spectrum to new applicants because it will not give them level playing field,\" the judgment said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734709", "title": "Acharya manages to get back to hospital again", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was yet another day of high drama involving IAS officer B P Acharya, who was arrested by the CBI in the Emaar scam case last Monday. After being sent to Chanchalguda jail by the CBI special court on Thursday morning, Acharya, the former boss of the state prisons, feigned ill-health and managed to get admitted to Osmania General Hospital after spending only four hours in the jail.After he negotiated Wednesday night in CBI custody at Dilkusha Guest House following his discharge from Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims), Acharya was produced before CBI special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma on Thursday morning. The judge repeated his order of Wednesday and remanded Acharya to judicial custody till February 15. The IAS officer reportedly complained to the judge that he was 'forcibly' discharged from Nims on Wednesday night. The judge responded by directing the jail authorities to ensure that the undertrial prisoner got the necessary medical attention.By 11.15 am, amid huge media presence, Acharya walked into Chanchalguda jail, a place he had visited a few weeks back as principal secretary, home, in charge of prisons. After he was ushered in, Chanchalguda jail superintendent Keshava Naidu told the media that Acharya was 'unwell' and that he had complained of 'chest pain, head ache and a radiating pain in the body'. \"However, any decision by the jail administration would be taken only after the prison doctors conduct a medical check-up on Acharya,\" Naidu said.In a little while, it became clear that Acharya wasn't ready to stay in the jail and the obliging prison staff was ready to move him to a hospital after his formal admission to the jail. Some jail staff sympathetic to him made it a point to tell the media that the prisoner had fallen down inside the jail premises either due to ill-health, exhaustion or shock. Over the next fours, Acharya went through the jail admission formalities and a medical check-up and became undertrial prisoner No 3722. But by 3.15 pm, the city armed reserve escort police party arrived outside the jail and Acharya was taken out in a Tata Sumo to be admitted in Osmania General Hospital.By 4 pm, Acharya had checked in at Osmania General Hospital. Hospital authorities said that Acharya complained of chest pain, severe giddiness and breathlessness. The 'ailing' former home secretary was straight away admitted to the Acute Medical Care unit located in the out-patient block of the hospital and became one of the occupants of the 22 beds in the unit and the staff claimed that he was being treated like any other patient.The 51-year-old officer once again went through a battery of tests including an ECG, MRI (of brain &amp; cervical spine) and an echo test. Dr Prathima Raj, duty medical officer, told TOI that Acharya was having a reeling sensation and had said that he could not walk without support. She said that after studying the reports, the doctors will take the opinion of a cardiologist and a neurologist to decide the further course of treatment. Acharya's blood pressure was recorded at 150/90, a slightly elevated level but not uncommon at all. Analysts perceived that since Acharya's petition for a special category prisoner was soon coming up and that he would try and be in hospital till this petition was heard. \"He may like to go to prison only after securing the status of a special prisoner,\" a well known lawyer averred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "medak", "code": "11734510", "title": "MLA\u2019s son roams free after assaulting man", "text": "MEDAK: Eighteen days after he slapped and punched two liquor shop workers in Patancheru, son of Congress MLA Nandishwar Goud continues to go scot-free. Though police booked cases against Ashish Goud and his friend Chiranjeevi for thrashing the workers which was caught on CC TV footage, only Chiranjeevi was sent to judicial remand on Thursday.The fault of Krishna Goud, worker at Krishna liquor shop, was his refusal to supply liquor free of cost to the MLA's son on Sankranti day.The liquor shop management lodged a complaint against five persons, including Ashish, but till now he has not been arrested.Sources said the MLA is trying to buy peace with the liquor shop owner to see that Ashish escapes with no punishment in the case.Sources said Ashish who was sitting in a car sent one of his friends to the liquor shop to get five bottles of liquor free. When Krishna expressed his helplessness to oblige them without permission from his owner, Ashish went inside the shop and started thrashing him.\"When another worker tried to stop him, Ashish slapped him too. He took away the liquor bottles before leaving the premises. The entire drama was caught on the CCTV camera installed in the shop,'' a Patancheru police official said.Following the complaint, police registered a case against Ashish and others under sections 448 (punishment for house trespass), 427 (mischief causing damage ), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace) and 384 (punishment for extortion) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11734659", "title": "Money lender accused of misappropriating half kg of pledged gold jewellery", "text": "Yavatmal: A private money lender has allegedly misappropriated half a kg gold ornaments pledged with him by a local textiles shop owner. SP of State CID of Amravati Yashashvi Yadav has directed city police to investigate the matter after a complaint was lodged by the owner of the gold jewellery.According to the investigating officer of City police station Satish Patil, Vimalchand Jain, proprietor of Paridhan textile showroom, had pledged 545 gram gold jewellery with the local private money lender Gajanan C Bajaj in 2002 to get a loan of Rs 2 lakh. Later, in November 2002, Jain pledged another 94 gram of gold ornaments with Bajaj and obtained an additional Rs 30,000.The rate of interest agreed upon was 1.5% per month. A few years ago, Gajanan Bajaj died after a prolonged illness and his business was taken over by his son Hariom Bajaj of Cotton Market area of the city.In 2011, Jain approached Hariom Bajaj and asked for release of his pledged gold ornaments since he was ready to pay back the pledged amount along with interest.Surprisingly, Hariom Bajaj refused to accept liability of his deceased father's deals, and said he had no idea about the transaction since there was no record about it. Jain claimed the entire transaction was performed in front of local trader Abdul Sathar Malani. However, Hariom sent Jain back.Vimalchand Jain filed a complaint with the State CID of Amravati and requested a thorough investigation and the case was handed over to the City Police.Satish Patil said he has started investigations but no concrete evidence has been found till date to register any criminal case against Hariom Bajaj. \"We are continuing our investigation,\" Patil said.It may be recalled that 4-5 years ago, there was a dacoity at the house of Gajanan Chhampanlal Bajaj and a huge treasure was stolen by the dacoits. Bajaj was serious wounded in the scuffle and rushed to Wardha Medical College. Though cops arrested a few Pardhi gangsters for the dacoity, the exact worth of booty stolen and recovered was never revealed by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11735678", "title": "Medal winner felicitated", "text": "MANGALORE: The management of Rosario High School, Pandeshwar here, felicitated Siddarth S Puthran, a 10th Std student of school, for winning bronze medal in hammer throw at the national-level sports meet held at Ludhiana in Punjab recently.Siddarth had bagged the medal by recording 51.35-meter distance in the sporting event attended by 36 participants from across India.Lauding Siddarth's achievement, school headmaster Aloysius D'Souza said the 15-year-old boy had won a total of nine gold, two silver and one bronze medals in various events at state and national levels. His major achievements include three gold medals in discuss throw and two silver medals in hammer throw at state-level competitions. Besides bagging several medals at taluk and district levels, Siddarth had bagged individual championship at state-level events twice, D'Souza said, adding that his aim is to bag medals at international-level events. School correspondent Fr Stany Govis was the guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11735050", "title": "Pak panel on 26/11 again puts off Mumbai visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what would cause further delay in the ongoing trial of the 26/11 case in Pakistan, a judicial commission from that country which was to visit India in connection with the Mumbai terror attack case probe, failed to arrive on its scheduled visit to Mumbai on Thursday.\"Islamabad conveyed to New Delhi through diplomatic channels that the commission would not be able to come to India on its planned visit,\" a home ministry official said.Though no reason was given for the cancellation of the trip, sources here said it could be due to a special hearing in the case on February 4 at a Rawalpindi court where the trial is going on.Pakistan has not suggested any fresh date for the visit of the commission. India had earlier conveyed that the commission could come anytime between February 1 and 10.The commission is supposed to take statements of officers linked to the 26/11 probe, including additional chief metropolitan magistrate R V Sawant Waghule and investigating officer Ramesh Mahale, and also the doctors who carried out the post mortem of the terrorists killed during the attack.The visit has been pending for close to two years, being delayed due to one reason or the other. Pakistan had finally agreed to send its judicial panel to India during the home secretary-level talks between the two countries here in March last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734638", "title": "Youngsters get twitchy over twisty board exams", "text": "CHENNAI: Preetha suddenly started getting severe headaches last week and was unable to prepare for the Class 12 boards. The tests and scans prescribed by doctors did not reveal the true nature of her illness. Finally, her parents took her to a psychiatrist. She was diagnosed with performance anxiety, because she was afraid of disappointing her teachers who \"pinned their hopes on her\" to come first in the school.\"It is not just the poorly performing children who get stressed before or during the exams. As the exams draw closer I find school toppers coming to me for help because schools are putting too much pressure on them,\" said psychiatrist Dr Lakshmi Vijayakumar, who also runs the Sneha Suicide Helpline. She said in the last three weeks she had come across four children, studying in leading schools in south Chennai, who experienced extreme stress that kept them from performing their regular duties.In a misguided attempt to motivate children to maximize their potential, teachers are known to give them a few marks less so they can ask them to do even better. Sometimes they tell their students that they should study for at least 12 hours a day. One school pitted two Class 10 boys who study well against each other, with the teachers taking sides. \"On one hand, the children are happy that the teachers believe in them but on the other hand they fear they would disappoint them,\" Dr Lakshmi said.Though Preetha was advised to squeeze in a little time for physical activity and some TV time between her exam preparations, her teachers who insisted on seeing her daily plan told her to give up everything else but studying. One school principal, who declined to be named, said, \"Some parents and teachers make the mistake of enforcing a concentration camp-like atmosphere as soon as the child reaches Class 10 or 12. I think it is the responsibility of teachers and parents to also ensure that the child is physically and mentally fit to take up something as stressful as a board exam.\"Principal and correspondent of Zion Group of Schools N Vijayan said he motivated the toppers in his school by giving them the choice of teacher who they would like to support them in their exam preparation.The exam season has officially begun with the first batch of Class 12 students in the state taking their science practical exams on Thursday. The theory exams begin on March 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736478", "title": "MLAs' signature campaign for BSY", "text": "BANGALORE: After MPs, a section of BJP MLAs has taken up a signature campaign asking party bosses to give former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa an appropriate position. Though only around a dozen MLAs had signed the letter till late Thursday evening, more are expected to join on February 8 when a meeting of Yeddyurappa followers is scheduled.Interestingly, ministers and MLAs, who were campaigning the former CM should be reinstated in his post have relented a bit. Their letter to BJP national president Nitin Gadkari seeks some 'appropriate' position for Yeddyurappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734015", "title": "JNU polls likely in February", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jawaharlal Nehru University is all set to witness students' union elections this semester - to be held after four years.The university administration on Thursday conveyed to the chairperson of JNU Students' Union (JNUSU) election committee that elections will be conducted in the current semester as a one-time arrangement.Various students' organizations appealed to the election committee to call for an all organization meeting to finalize the schedule without any delay. \"The administration has always been in favour of the elections in principle. They are most likely to be conducted in February. The administration has written to the election committee to start the process as per the Supreme Court's guidelines,\" said vice chancellor, S K Sopory.The last elections were held in October 2007. Two days ahead of the 2008 elections, SC stayed the process citing violations of Lyngdoh's recommendation on students' union elections. However, on December 8, 2011, SC vacated the stay as an interim measure. Following the order, the student community passed the joint resolution on January 9, 2012, for the restoration of JNUSU and conduct of elections.\"The go-ahead marks the culmination of the struggle waged by the student community since 2008,\" said Zico Dasgupta, vice president, SFI-JNU.Sources said the polls are likely to be conducted in the last week of February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734897", "title": "Lanco refutes allegation of Rs 13k cr scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lanco, the company accused by Delhi-based Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) of illegitimately cornering contracts worth Rs 13,000 crore under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar mission, has objected to the allegations and said \"they were not crosschecked with the company and were wrongly perceived\".In a statement made to TOI, A Narasimhan, senior vice-president (corporate communications), said, \"Lanco Group has equity participation in few of the companies that have won the National Solar Mission projects in 2010.\" He claimed the equity participation was in within permissible level, and there was no illegality involved as reported by CSE.While the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRES) is the policy-making ministry, both bidding and regulation come under NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam Limited (NVVN), a subsidiary of NTPC.Girish Pradhan, the secretary for MNRES, told TOI that \"The entire process is being done by NVVN, we only set the rules. Now that the information has come out we will investigate it in depth and no violation or deviation from norms will be tolerated.\"NVVN provided a statement to TOI that read, \"Further there is no bar in the guidelines for a company to be EPC contractor in more than one Project. After signing the power purchase agreements, NVVN noted that controlling shareholding in some of companies appeared to have changed which was in violation of guidelines. After obtaining legal opinion on the issue, NVVN issued notice of default to such companies. Although Companies stated that they had not violated the provisions of guidelines and it was a matter of interpretation. However in order to resolve the issue the concerned companies finally have rectified the default and the controlling share holding (equity+ preference share capital) of Promoters @ minimum of 51% is now with the companies with whom PPA have been signed.\"But NVVN refused to reveal the name of the companies that were found to have violated the bidding rules or where it had got the legal advice from.Lanco added, \"The bidders who Lanco supported were able to bid at one of the lowest tariffs as Lanco provided them the latest technology and complete EPC solutions for the projects. As the power purchase agreement (PPA) for these projects are for a period of 25 years, Lanco's equity participation in these projects also brings confidence to the bidder to use our technology and EPC solutions in arriving at such a competitive tariff.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734688", "title": "34 \u2018cattle class\u2019 travellers rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: Police and animal welfare activists rescued 34 bulls being transported in a truck from Andhra Pradesh to Kerala for slaughter late on Wednesday night in Tambaram. The truck driver was arrested.The bulls were crammed into one truck in violation of the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, the Transport of Animals Rules, 1978, and the Indian Penal Code, police said.Blue Cross volunteers got a call from a passer-by Prasad about an overloaded truck transporting animals near the Tambaram bypass on Wednesday night. They informed the highway patrol and headed to the spot.\"The rules say a cow or bull needs two square metres of space, which means a truck can only carry five to six animals. This truck had 34 bulls. Some were lying down, others were standing over them,\" says Raghav Venkatesan, a PhD student at IIT-Madras, one of the volunteers who responded to the call.\"We arrested the truck driver Balasubramaniam, who said the cattle had been loaded on the truck on the night of January 29 at a village in Andhra Pradesh, near the Odisha border. It was headed to a slaughter house in Kerala,\" said police.The cattle were later taken to the Blue Cross shelter in Velachery where they were vaccinated, treated for dehydration, and fed. \"Five of the bulls were in bad shape,\" said Dawn William, general manager, Blue Cross. \"They had been without food or water for three days,\" he said. Vets who examined the cattle said some had foot-and-mouth disease and were not fit for transport.\"We have impounded the truck and filed a first information report, naming the driver,\" said an officer attached to the Tambaram police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "shimlapuri", "code": "11736521", "title": "Ravneet regains the colour of his life", "text": "SHIMLAPURI: Ravneet Saggu cannot remember the time when his tryst with the paintbrush began. The 24-year-old businessman-cum-painter says he started sketching and drawing as soon as he learnt to hold a pencil.He is now giving final touches to some of his works and is busy making arrangements for his first exhibition. \"And this certainly would be a special occasion, probably a turning point in my life,'' says Ravneet.He moved from crayons to sketch pens and water colour as a kid and most of his works are in oil paint these days. \"My latest fascination is graffiti and I am trying my hands at this rebel art,'' says Ravneet.The Shimlapuri resident says he committed the mistake of neglecting his art in 2009 when he joined his family business of manufacturing machines. \"But, I soon realized my life lacked something very important and it was my first love, painting, and I decided to get back to the brush,'' says Ravneet.At present, he is reworking some of his previous paintings and producing new work as well, in order to have an apt stock for the exhibition he is planning in March. Over 500 pieces of art that Ravneet has at present include about 100 cartoons as well. \"I learnt drawing caricatures from the newspapers,'' says a smiling Ravneet.\"My parents, particularly my mom, have been a great support as far as my interest in art is considered, says Ravneet, who draws pleasure from gifting his paintings to relatives. \"I paint whatever pleases them. There is hardly a relative of mine who doesn't have my work,'' he adds. The painter's mother Nirmal Saggu says she is proud of her son. \"I've seen the artist in him grow and I know it for a fact that he is going to earn a good name for his works,'' she adds.Ravneet says it is his maternal uncle Atma Singh Deogan who inspires him the most. \"He is a great painter I have grown up watching and analysing. I consider him a guru,'' he says. The young artist wishes that art as a subject should be given more importance in schools.\"We need more fine art institutes and a change in the common perception of not considering art as a respectable career choice,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11734222", "title": "Service lane in front of Ambience Mall to get wider", "text": "GURGAON: The service lane in front of Ambience Mall, near the 32-lane toll plaza on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, will be widened in the coming days. The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) is also considering various options to separate traffic going towards the toll plaza from that towards Ambience Mall.The widening of the service lane will greatly reduce the traffic coming from the Delhi side, especially in the morning peak hours. At present, a large number of commuters use the lane to reach Cyber City, often choking it.According to sources, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) would soon acquire land and chalk out other related details. The lane could be widened up to 15 metres.The issue came up during a recent meeting of the officials of the Gurgaon police, HUDA and NHAI, among other departments. Pratap Singh, project director, NHAI, said, \"The widening work has to be done by HUDA as it is related to the service lane.\"The traffic police had been raising the issue of widening the service lane from the toll plaza towards Ambience Mall in its various meetings. DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"The issue will be taken care of with the construction of additional toll gates at the toll plaza.\"In an another significant development, options are being looked for separating the traffic going towards Ambience Mall. At present, people have to go all the way to the toll plaza and take a uturn to reach the mall. In doing so, they first have to move from the extreme left lane to the right one and then cut across the traffic and reach extreme left to reach the mall.According to an NHAI official, several proposals are being considered, like double decker toll plaza, constructing a grid separator, among others.A private consultant has already submitted a proposal and is under consideration at the headquarters, added the official.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11734884", "title": "Role in anti-RP 2021 movt may cost Mummy dear", "text": "PANAJI: St Cruz MLA Victoria Fernandes , hopeful of a Congress ticket for the forthcoming polls but not sure of it, is waiting to make her next move. Whether she stands herself or fields her son Rudolf Fernandes is dependent on whether or not the Congress gives her a ticket. Speaking to TOI, Fernandes said, \"I will hold a meeting with the St Cruz electorate in the next two days before taking any decision\".She also said that people from St Cruz are requesting her to contest the election or to allow Rudolf to contest the election. \"I am getting a very good response from the electorate to contest the election,\" she said.Sources in the Congress had said that it is almost through that she may not get the ticket, which would go to education minister Antanasio 'Babush' Monserrate. Sources also said that if the situation warrants, Monserrate may field his wife Jennifer in St Cruz.Sources said that the reason for denying Fernandes the Congress ticket is her participation in the recent Regional Plan 2021 agitation against the wishes of the Congress high command. Sources also said that an anti-Fernandes group has shown the video footage of 2007 where Fernandes was shouting slogans against the Congress leadership New Delhi along with BJP legislators and others.The Congress high command also had strong objection with her joining hands with Manohar Parrikar in 2007 as Fernandes was given the ticket because of AICC president Sonia Gandhi in May 2007. She had won by a comfortable margin pushing Jennifer Monserrate (UGDP) to third position.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11736138", "title": "Denied tickets, aspirants may go independent", "text": "PUNE: A group of aspirants from the Muslim community have decided to contest the February 16 election as independent candidates, after being denied tickets by the Congress.\"We are not happy with the allocation of tickets. People who deserved tickets did not get them,\" said Akram Madari, an aspirant and secretary of the city unit of Congress, said on Thursday.Madari said that tickets have been allotted to those who have indulged in anti-party activities. \"Only 12 tickets have been given to candidates from the community,\" Aslam Bagwan, another aspirant, said.Many have filed nominations and have decided not to withdraw from the fray and contest the elections as independents, he added. Bagwan said that the party was using them only for a show of strength, but when it came to allotting tickets they preferred relatives of party leaders. A meeting of all unhappy aspirants from the community has been called.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11736219", "title": "2G scam: Timeline", "text": "Here is how the 2G spectrum scam unfolded over the years.Jan 10, 2008: DoT decides to issue licences on first-come-first served basis, brings forward the cut-off date to Sept 25. Says those who apply between 3.30pm and 4.30pm would be issued licences in accordance with the said policy. Swan Telecom, Unitech and Tata Teleservices sell off a part of their stakes at much higher rates to Etisalat, Telenor and DOCOMO Nov 29: Subramanian Swamy makes representation to PM, seeks sanction to prosecute Raja under Prevention of Corruption ActMay 4, 2009: NGO Telecom Watchdog files complaint to CVC on illegalities in spectrum allocation to Loop. CVC directs CBI to probe allocation of 2G spectrum July 1: Delhi HC holds advancing of cut-off date illegal Oct 21: CBI lodges FIR against unknown persons, including DoT officials, under IPC and Prevention of Corruption ActMar 31, 2010: CAG reports large-scale irregularities May 6: Telephonic conversation between Raja and Niira Radia made public. NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation moves Delhi HC seeking either SIT or CBI probe May 25: Delhi HC dismisses the petition Aug 10: The NGO moves SC Aug 18: Delhi HC refuses to direct PM to decide on Swamy's complaint seeking sanction to prosecute Raja Sept 13: SC asks Centre, Raja to reply in 10 days to three petitions of CPIL and others on allegation there was a Rs 70,000 crore scam Sept 24 Swamy moves SC seeking direction to the PM to sanction Raja's prosecution Nov 10: CAG report says the scam caused a loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore to the exchequer Nov 11: DoT files affidavit in SC saying CAG did not have the authority to question policy decision on 2G licences Nov 14: Raja resigns as telecom minister Nov 30: SC questions CVC P J Thomas's moral right to supervise CBI's probe into the scam as he himself was telecom secy at that point of time Dec 8: SC favours probe into spectrum allocation since 2001 SC orders setting up of a special court to try 2G spectrum scam ED submits report. Says money trail covers 10 countries, including MauritiusJan 10, 2011 SC notice to Centre on a plea seeking cancellation of 2G licences Feb 2: Raja, ex-telecom secy Siddartha Behura and Raja's former aide R K Chandolia arrested Feb 8: Shahid Usman Balwa, promoter of Swan Telecom, arrested Apr 25: Kanimozhi, Sharad Kumar &amp; Karim Morani summoned May 20: Court rejects bail pleas, orders arrest of Kanimozhi and others Aug 23: Swamy moves SC for making Chidambaram accused Sept 15: Swamy moves special CBI court to make Chidambaram a coaccused Sept 22: CBI defends Chidambaram in SC, blames DoT Oct 10: SC reserves order on Swamy's plea for a probe into Chidambaram's alleged role Oct 22: Special court frames charges against Raja and 16 others Nov: Barring Raja and Behura, 12 others get bail Dec 12: CBI also names Essar, Loop promoters as accusedJan 31, 2012: SC says filing complaint under the PC Act is a constitutional right and the competent authority should take a decision on giving sanction within four months Feb 2: SC cancels 122 licences granted during Raja's tenure, leaves it to the special court to decide on Chidambaram", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11727265", "title": "Of first-day blockbusters", "text": "Three days into the release of Agneepath, we saw Hrithik Roshan and Sanjay Dutt throwing separate parties to 'celebrate' the success of the film.Gone are the days of the golden and silver jubilees. In today's times, a quick barometer to gauge a film's immediate success is the first day net box office collection.Tedious promotional tricks, multi-city tours and gimmicks - everything boils down to the business on Day 1. This week, Business of Bollywood finds out the blockbusters that smashed all opening day records and became 'first-day-hits' after first day, first show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733950", "title": "City students win nationalaward for innovative idea", "text": "PUNE: Three students from the city recently won the 'innovative idea award' at the national level inter-collegiate competition 'GeneRations 2012', organised by the department of biosciences and bioengineering, IIT Bombay.Gayatri Kanade, Shreya Atre and Saee Gharpure, final year students of biotechnology, MES Abasaheb Garware college, have come up with 'Pyala-e-sehat' tea bags (a fusion of Indian tradition with ecology and health) that act as a remedy for cold and cough. These tea bags can be used as both preventive and curative measures.According to the students, \"The medicinal plant concoction delivered as tea, is nourishing, appeals aesthetically as well as builds resistance. It can be consumed as regular health drink by non-tea drinkers as well,'' they said.Madhura Damle, head of the biotechnology department at Abasaheb Garware college, said the theme for GeneRations 2012 was 'Biology for Sustainable Energy, Environment and the Planet.' A total of 500 entries were received for this competition from across the country. The city students stood second under the 'eco-venture' category.\"First we interacted with ayurvedic practitioners and shortlisted the plants used in treating diseases like cough and cold, arthritis, asthma, obesity, infertility, psoriasis, diabetes and heart troubles. We decided to go for cough and cold as it is a common disease. We selected the raw materials used for treating cough and cold, and standardized the tea component at lab scale to get optimum results,'' said Kanade.Ingredients of 'pyala-e-sehat' are plant extracts including black pepper, jeshthamadh, tulsi, ginger, adulsa, pimpali, ringani and behda.The project was guided by Ankur Patwardhan (medicinal plant expert and head of biodiversity department), Mandar Akkalkotkar (ayurvedic practitioner who helped in standardisation of the product), and Poorva Joshi (guest faculty in the college, in the development of cultivation kits of herbals).\"The tea bags distributed to relatives and like-minded people as trial have proved that they are effective against cold and cough. The challenge now will be availability of the raw material to manufacture it in bulk and make it available in the market,'' Patwardhan said.Atre said they have plans to take it up with self-help groups who can cultivate the plants. Tea manufacturers can be the likely stakeholders. Word of mouth will help in marketing the product, she added.The drawback to this product is disbelief in ayurvedic treatment and people who do not enjoy beverages, said Gharpure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11738208", "title": "3 more IITs join in to bring Aakash 2 cost down", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government plans to involve three more IITs in the world's cheapest Aakash tablet PC project to make it more indigenous and further lower its price.Apart from IIT Rajasthan, which is spearheading the project, IIT Mumbai, IIT Madras and IIT Kanpur would also be roped in for the project, sources in the HRD Ministry said.The development follows after a meeting chaired by HRD Minister Kapil Sibal yesterday where senior officials from the Ministry as well as from Department of IT were present.The sources said much emphasis was laid on indigenisation of the tablet. At present, several components including the processor are procured from outside.The aim is to give shape to the indigenisation plan within the next two years and make the product 90 per cent Indian. At the same time, emphasis will be laid on further lowering the prices of the device, they said. At present, the device is available to students at Rs 1,100 after government subsidy.Earlier, the HRD Ministry had decided that the tendering process for rolling out the improved version of Aakash, will be handled by the Department of Information Technology .This followed after differences cropped up between IIT Rajasthan and Datawind, the manufacturer of the tablet, over the issue of enhanced specification demands.The HRD Ministry has already said that it will require an additional 22 crore units of Aakash and for this fresh tenders will be issued enabling other companies along with Datawind to also get a chance.Several PSUs and Centre for Development of Advanced Computing are also expected to chip in to roll out the second phase of the Aakash. The speed of the device will come at 800 MHz instead of 300 MHz at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736345", "title": "Creation, connection and the fine art of living", "text": "BANGALORE: Creativity is that powerful tool which helps ensure social justice. Seeking to explore the precincts of diversity and social justice at the Arts Education Conference 2012, The India Foundation For Arts (IFA) and Max Mueller Bhavan will throw open discussions on creativity in the context of social commitment.\"IFA has a clear mandate to support arts education through its Kali-Kalisu programme,\" explains Anupama Prakash, programme executive for arts education at IFA. She says: \"We've been working with government school teachers to use art within classrooms. We've organized this conference for people to bring forward their work, and also share our experiences in the area. As a community initiative, we solicit response from public.\"Arts Education Conference 2012: Diversity and Social Justice February 3 and 4, 9am. At NGMA. There's also Breaking Boundaries, a performance by choreographer Astad Deboo at The Freedom Park, on February 3, 7.30pm.Social justice is an issue in everyday life. Puneet Gupta , director of the play 'Snakes and Ladder' points out that life is not all 'he ha ha' or 'sob sob sob' . \"As IT guys and graduates from IIT Delhi, my friend Anurag Maheshwari and I saw how career has taken life over along the way. So, a couple of us like-minded guys got together, formed the Mad-Hats Theatre company and started performing plays to reach out to young audiences in Bangalore. We highlighted struggles of everyday life in a light-hearted and introspective manner,\" says Puneet. \"This is because, I realized that when our parents were in their prime, career wasn't everything in life. That's the way it should be now too! And, we want young Bangaloreans to take back the idea that there's life beyond the workplace ,\" he says.Snakes and Ladder On February 4 and 5 at the Alliance Francaise. Show timings: 3.30pm and 7pm.As young Bangalorenas mature, fine art, like seasoned wine, impacts their sensibilities. Artist SG Vasudev's rhapsody is much like mature wine, put to vivid insightfulness through his tapestries.\"They establish recollections and reconnections,\" says Vasudev. From years of illustrating human scapes and the theatre of life, Vasudev finds himself at that juncture where music, his other passion , has added rhythm to his tapestry. \"I usually listen to classical and jazz music while painting, and the rhapsody finds its meanderings towards this connect to culminate as recollections and reconnections .\"Like seasoned wine, this tapestry envelops fine maturity.Recollections Reconnections February 8 to 29, Crimson - The Art Resource, 11am to 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734780", "title": "Cops hunt for second man in acid attack", "text": "MUMBAI: Police said investigations show that acid attack victim, Aarti Thakur, 22, did manage to see her attacker's face at Goregaon station and the man wasn't Pintoo Shaikh, who has been arrested. Cops said Pintoo, Aarti's former landlord, was the mastermind and they are now searching for the person who actually threw the acid.The police are also inquiring into whether Pintoo was involved in the previous two attacks on Aarti, said assistant commissioner, Government Railway Police (GRP), Western Railway, R N Ambre.\"Aarti's mother has told us that Pintoo was hanging around Aarti's office at Goregaon on Monday, a day before the attack. He was with an unidentified man,\" said a senior GRP official. \"Aarti's mother and sister had come in an auto to pick her up from work when they saw Pintoo. He and the stranger must have been doing a recce. Pintoo had pointed out Aarti to the other man. In the previous two attacks, Aaarti hadn't seen the attacker's face, but this time she did. We are trying to get a description of the attacker from her.\" Earlier, it had been reported that Aarti hadn't seen the attacker's face. The official said, \"We are trying to find out if Pintoo offered a contract for the job or roped in a friend.\"Aarti has said Pintoo objected to her friendship with his sister, Ruby. But police are still seeing if Pintoo harboured feelings for Aarti. Malwani residents told police that Pintoo proposed to Aarti, but Aarti considered him and Ruby as brother and sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736427", "title": "Civic polls on schedule: SEC", "text": "MUMBAI: Elections to 10 municipal corporations in the state, including the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC), will be held on schedule, the state election commission (SEC) announced on Thursday. The announcement by state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan came after she claimed the Supreme Court (SC) said there was no need for now to reverify 7,000 caste certificates issued to candidates across the state, including 750 in Mumbai.The SEC also announced that counting of votes for the zilla parishad (ZP) polls would be held on February 17, along with the civic elections. This came as the state home department said it was against counting of votes for the Brihanmumbai, Thane, Pune, Nashik and six other municipal corporation elections on the day of polling.Expressing inability to completely re-verify the certificates at such short notice, the SEC had told the Bombay High Court on Wednesday that it would tell candidates to file undertakings that their papers were suitably verified by the state vigilance cell.\"With the SC stay, we will not even ask candidates for an affidavit and the regular process will take its course. The polls will go on as per original schedule,\" Satyanarayan said.The interim period of chaos has meant the SEC has been forced to push ahead dates for withdrawal of nominations from February 3 to 4 and poll symbols will be issued on February 6, instead of 4 for the civic elections. \"Under no circumstances will I shift the polling date from February 16 because I have to completely re-establish these corporations before their terms end on March 4. If I don't do that, I would fail in fulfilling my constitutional duty,\" Satyanarayan said.The SEC also said same day counting for the ZPs and municipal corporations will not be possible as being demanded by political parties. Except Thane, Satyanarayan said, no other corporation had initially agreed to it. The reason, the SEC had said, was that a recent verification drive of 1, 30,000 electronic voting machines that have come to it from the Centre, found many are not in a working condition. Moreover, the machines with the SEC cannot accommodate more than 15 candidates. \"Keeping these things in mind, counting on the same day is not possible. Even in Thane, the police have told me they are facing law &amp; order problems,\" Satyanarayan said.Additional chief secretary (home) Umesh Chandra Sarangi stated that as police forces in Mumbai and other municipal corporation areas will be engaged with polling work, \"it will be difficult for cops to keep tabs on law and order if votes are counted on the day of polling\" .Another senior home department official stated that policemen will begin duty at the crack of dawn. \"If counting is scheduled the same day, policemen will have the additional burden of victory rallies and a tense situation in wards where candidates and their supporters may be unwilling to accept defeat . The process of counting will go on till late evening, which will prove to be taxing for the police,\" the official said.Meanwhile, the SEC has also banned exit and opinion polls from February 7. TV channels can conduct debates but not speculate. \"You can do that only after February 16,\" Satyanarayan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11736599", "title": "MP wants details of RSS meet", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore MP A H Vishwanath on Thursday urged chief minister Sadananda Gowda to spell out the minutes of the RSS meet and how much it cost the government.Vishwanath claimed that the RSS did not have permission from the local authorities or police to hold a procession. \"When reporters sought to know from local police on whether RSS has taken permission for the march past, RSS leaders just informed the police that they are taking out the march\", he disclosed. The RSS, Vishwanath alleged, has never encouraged backward community leaders to occupy prime positions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11735125", "title": "Cong closes ranks to fend off 2G taint", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress, from the government to the party, joined hands to fend off 2G taint from prime minister and home minister, apprehensive that the Supreme Court judgement in the middle of Uttar Pradesh polls could neutralize its strenuous efforts to extricate itself from insignificance in the state.The judgement cancelling 122 telecom licences brought down curtains on controversial 2G allocation, giving teeth to the Opposition's corruption charge against Congress just when it appeared to be waning with BJP's embracing of BSP renegade Babu Singh Kushwaha and Mayawati's own travails with scams. The party that started as the butt of Anna Hazare's campaign took the moral high ground during the recent poll campaign to five states as its rivals slipped on political expediency.The SC order, terming the allocation of telecom licences as illegal, threatened to puncture the newfound parity between political rivals on the graft front. No sooner had the SC dropped the cancellation bombshell that BSP issued a statement, calling Congress the most corrupt party, while BJP launched a fusillade with \"we-told-you-so\" tone to seek resignation of home minister P Chidambaram.The judgement's damage potential was evident as it gave every rival a handle to return the graft barb on Congress which has made it its flagship plank against Mayawati , Mulayam Singh Yadav and BJP. That Rahul Gandhi is leading the Congress campaign only made the issue that more sensitive.Congress moved with alacrity to \"right\" the perception about the damning judgement, highlighting that it gave a clean chit to Chidambaram and indicted first-come-first-serve (FCFS) policy enacted by NDA to turn the tables on BJP. By the comments of telecom minister and firefighter-of-the-day Kapil Sibal , the judgement was a relief for UPA-II and the indictment of BJP. I&B; minister Ambika Soni stoutly defended the government.Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi chipped in by stating, \"There will be no impact on UP elections because there is nothing against the government.\"If there was one culprit, it was former telecom minister A Raja whom the judgement has targeted. A senior Congress leader argued that questioning FCFS policy takes the issue to NDA government while its faulty implementation has put Raja behind the bars for the past one year. UPA appeared to have no blame in Congress argument, even if the entire scam played out during Manmohan Singh's unbeaten second innings.The sound bytes were directed at battleground UP where the stakes are too high to be ignored. With Team Anna on the prowl again, there was a sense of relief that Uttarakhand and Punjab elections were over. Congress would have found it difficult to explain the finer points like clean chit to Chidambaram and PM Singh during the short campaign time in these states, especially with Team Anna seeking votes against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11735128", "title": "Land encroachment on rise", "text": "In just two areas around Bangalore, realtors have usurped 2,580.02 acres of government land worth over Rs 5,000 crore. In 382 instances, 1,127 persons have fabricated documents and grabbed land with the help of officials.Of 1,127 persons, 258 have even got khatas registered in their names at the Bangalore rural deputy commissioner's office, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda told the council on Thursday. The government is computerizing transaction details of these lands so that it becomes easier to cancel khatas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11733729", "title": "Metro project: Sharp curves to be given for first time", "text": "JAIPUR: Apart from getting completed in record time, the Jaipur metro rail project is on the verge of making another record -- for the first time in the country sharp curve of 120 metre radius will be given by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).On the Jaipur metro from Mansarovar to Chandpol (9.2 km route), the DMRC will give sharp curves at two critical points for the first time. DMRC project director Lalit Meghnani said, \"We will give curve of 120 meter radius between Ram Nagar and Shyam Nagar station and railway station to Sindhi Camp.\" He added, \"This sharp curve will be given for the first time in India. The roads are narrow and we cannot give a bigger curve as it requires more land acquisition and could affect many private properties.\"As it will be for the first time, the DMRC wants to complete all the civil work before December 2012 as the inspection team from the Research Design and Standards Organisation ( RDSO) will conduct the number of oscillation trials. \"The two curves will be thoroughly studied. It's a stringent procedure as ministry of Railways directs to issue the speed certificate to conduct oscillation and Emergency Braking Distance (EBD) trials for public comfort,\" Meghnani said.An official said the train can run on the steep curves of 120 metre radius with speed restrictions. He said, \"Both the curves are near the metro station so it will not be a major problem in clearing the speed test.\"Not only sharp curves, there are other various civil construction that the DMRC will do for the first time. For instance, the DMRC is constructing the double-deck viaduct for elevated road and the metro track. The DMRC will construct metro station on a single pier for the first time in India. According to DMRC officials, the Mansarovar station will be the first in India to be constructed on middle pier alignment.\"The elevated road had already been proposed by the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Ajmer Road, which also had the metro route. The DMRC has taken up both the works and double-deck viaduct is being constructed. The elevated road height would be approximately 7 metres and the metro on this route will run at a height of 20 metres,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "rangia", "code": "11739003", "title": "Three killed as train rams into earth cutting machine", "text": "RANGIA: Three persons were killed and over 50 injured when a passenger train derailed after hitting an earth-cutting vehicle at an unmanned railway crossing in Assam's Kamrup (Rural) district today.The driver of the earth-cutting vehicle and two other persons were killed when their vehicle stranded at the level crossing at Gossainghati between Azara and Mirza was hit by the Bongaigaon-Guwahati Chilarai Passenger passenger train at 9:30 AM, railway sources said.The collision derailed the engine and five bogies of the passenger train leaving 50 passengers injured, the sources said.The injured passengers were rushed by local people to the Mirza Public Health Centre from where the critically injured were referred to the Gauhati Medical College Hospital and MMC Civil Hospital in Guwahati, police sources said.Two of the dead on the earth cutting vehicle were identified as Bipul Rabha and Saloi.The wheels of some of the derailed coaches broke and a portion of the railway tracks was damaged in the accident, the sources added.Personnel of the Disaster Management Authority swung into action for rescue and relief operations with railway rescue vans and high officials rushing to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11735833", "title": "Power remains elusive due to snags", "text": "VARANASI: A number of areas in the city witnessed dwindling power supply after local faults and technical snags worsened the conditions on Thursday.While residential areas in southern parts of the city including Durgakund, Khojwan, Nagwa and Sunderpur faced frequent power disruptions due to technical snag in 33 KV Bhadaini sub station, local faults aggravated power woes in other parts of the city.As per reports of PVVNL office, the problems in one of the incoming panels attached to 132 KV Bhikharipur sub station disrupted power supply in attached feeders including 11 KV Bhadaini and Sunderpur feeder in the day. Similarly, in spite of repairing fault in underground cable between Maidagin and Rajghat, the residential areas in the heart of the city witnessed additional rostering during the day.The conditions were even worse in trans-Varuna areas especially Pandeypur and Paharia, as technical snag at 132 KV Ledhupur station disrupted power supply in several localities in those areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11735864", "title": "Roadways chalks out plan to ensure hassle-free commuting during polls", "text": "VARANASI: With election campaigns gathering momentum and dates of assembly elections drawing closer, the roadways is gearing up to provide transportation facilities to paramilitary and other security forces to ensure free, fair and peaceful elections.While the regional office, comprising six districts including Varanasi, Jaunpur, Ghazipur, Sant Ravidas Nagar, Chandauli and Sonbhadra, has already received demands for 299 buses for election duty, it is also making arrangements for replacements to compensate the rising passenger load during the election time.\"We have received demand for 299 buses so far for the assembly elections that start on February 8 this year. In addition, 10 buses (52-seaters) have been kept as reserve for transportation facilities to security and election staff in emergency. These buses will be sent in a phased manner so that the passenger load in the region can be met without much hassles,\" informed SK Rai, assistant manager (administration), regional office (roadways).While the roadways authorities are eyeing short routes, mostly covering east UP and neighbouring regions during the elections, they are also looking to cut down the number of long distance venues as they involve retention of buses for longer periods.\"Only the genuine demands to ferry paramilitary forces, including CRPF, to sensitive booths in remote areas are on the priority. Efforts are being made to send buses on short routes so that they could be made available for the next phase of elections without any hassles. The demand for long distance buses are carefully monitored to cut down their numbers, keeping in mind the flow of passengers in the region,\" added the assistant manager.It may be mentioned here that the elections in UP are starting on February 8 this year. Most of the districts under Varanasi region would go to polls on February 15. As per reports of the regional office (roadways), while the demand is uniform for all the seven rounds of elections in the state, the maximum number of buses would be used in the starting four rounds of assembly elections. The report also indicates that as most parts of east and central UP will be covered in the starting four rounds, only limited services for long distance routes would be offered in the next round of elections. As per report, around 200 buses would be send in the starting three rounds.\"Some buses have been kept as reserves for paramilitary forces deployed in remote places. Similarly, buses are also available for police and home guards. These buses would be available for the next phase after loading and unloading of security staff for the first phase of elections,\" added SK Rai.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734610", "title": "Nobody goes to museums any more: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Nobody goes to the museum these days,\" observed the Bombay HC on Thursday, while hearing a PIL filed by four Pedder Road societies opposing the construction of a national museum of Indian cinema on the existing premises of Films Division of India.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More made the observation after petitioner's advocate Jamshed Mistry said that over \"1,200 visitors\" are expected daily. The PIL by St Helen's Court, Sterling, Sett Minar and Ajoomal said it will lead to hardships for residents of area. \"There is traffic jam on that stretch right up to Babulnath,\" said Mistry.Advocate Advait Sethna, appearing for Films Division and the MoEFMinistry of Environment and Forests , said the petition is \"not public but vested interest\" as the museum is on the existing site and hence will not obstruct traffic. \"What we are doing is in public interest. There is no such museum in the country. We are a body for promoting education,\" Sethna added.The judges concurred that Pedder Road traffic is in bad shape and referred to news reports stating the 1.44 lakh vehicles pass on that stretch daily. \"Find a spacious place where parking facilities are available. Don't aggravate the traffic problem,\" said Justice Shah.Mistry said the museum building, which will include amphitheatre, will have basement parking. He said Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority wrote to Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation in August 2011 pointing out that construction of such basement parking fell within land on Coastal Regulatory Zone II and that construction is on without obtaining environmental clearance. Advocate Ashok Singh, appearing for developer National Building Construction Corporation, denied the basement violates CRZ.Additional government pleader said a provisional no objection certificate has been given and 22 conditions laid. Subject to their ompliace the final NOC will be given, '' he added.The judges have asked the respondents, including the state and traffic police, to file their replies on or before the next hearing on March 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734995", "title": "Railways needs Rs 14 lakh cr to modernize: Dinesh Trivedi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railways will need Rs 14 lakh crore over the next 10 years if next-generation modernization is to take place, minister Dinesh Trivedi said on Thursday.This investment is essential for upgradation of the rail network, including automation of the signalling system, strengthening of track and procurement of modern rolling stock, the railway minister said.\"The time has come for the PMO, Planning Commission and Railways to decide on the future of the carrier. The present system has outlived its utility. We have to embark upon a new generation of rail services,\" Trivedi said.Trivedi was hopeful that the investment will come from a combination of government support, the railways' internal resources and public-private-partnership.He expected a 200% hike in the Railways' plan expenditure, which is Rs 20,000 crore in current financial year.Linking the fortunes of the carrier with that of India's growth, the minister argued that if the railways are not modernized there was no way the country could hold on to its high GDP growth rate. The minister said he was bringing the Prime Minister and the planning commission on board with the needs of the Railways.Trivedi said a slew of reforms was urgently needed, including a tariff regulatory body that would suggest train fares and freight rates, de-politicization of the railways for undertaking modernization and a national rail policy based on broad consensus.He also mooted the idea of expanding the Railway Board to a nine-member body, up from seven at present. \"There should also be a member revenue and member safety in the board,\" he said.The minister wanted the proposed member (revenue) to focus on innovative ways of generating resources. \"We must find out new revenue models,\" he said, giving the example of Japan's railways which generates 30% of its revenue from commercial exploitation of real estate.Trivedi said his main concern was to improve safety and after that embark on modernization of tracks, signaling system and rolling stock.He advocated e-tendering and e-auctioning as part of the modernization exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11735134", "title": "Fate of 3 upcoming power plants hangs in the balance", "text": "PATNA: Bihar suffered a major setback in power sector with the stalling of the upcoming thermal power projects (2x660 MW) at Chausa (Buxar), Pirpainty (Bhagalpur) and Kajra (Lakhisarai) in absence of coal linkages.Giving this information, Bihar Electricity Regulatory Commission (BERC) chairman U N Panjiar said with only Lanco Infratech responding for the Chausa power plant it was not advisable to open the lone competitive bidder for the plant.The Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) has so far not been able to provide coal linkages for the Chausa plant. \"We will float a fresh tender for Chausa power plant,\" Panjiar told TOI.For the remaining two power plants at Pirpainty and Kajra, it was agreed upon that the bidder will have to arrange for coal linkages. Till date, no bidder has approached for the two plants mainly because of the lack of coal, an official said.The fate of these three upcoming power plants are uncertain. Though the process of land acquisition for all the plants has already been cleared.Bihar was to get 80 per cent of the gross installed capacity of these power plants for another 25 years.With the cost of imported and indigenous coal increasing considerably in the recent years, the quality and price of coal has become a major concern for smooth running of coal-based thermal power plants in the state. Again, the high cost of both indigenous and imported coal has resulted in steep rise in the cost of power from coal-based generating plants.The BSEB has paid Rs 1735 crore alone between December 2008 and June 2011 against fuel price advance to the NTPC on account of imported coal and hike in fuel price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "11734451", "title": "TTD tribute to Shirdi Sai kicks up row", "text": "TIRUPATI: Once again the hill shrine of Lord Balaji in Tirumala has hit the headlines for wrong reasons as the temple authorities have allegedly violated the customs by carrying out a procession of Shirdi Sai Baba's sandals on Wednesday.TTD chairman Kanumuri Bapiraju himself took part in the procession that started from Alipiri before entering the Mahadwaram, which was totally against the rules of the Agama sastra.Sai Baba sandals were brought from Shirdi by the authorities and deveotees, sources said.\"No other Hindu god's procession would be allowed on Tirumala as only Maha Vishnu is revered here. He is the presiding deity at Tirumala. Even procession of Siva or Ganesh idols are not allowed here, though they form part of the Hindu pantheon. The puranas and Vedas also say this. But the TTD authorities, including the chairman have committed sacrilege by bringing the sandals of Baba to Tirumala,\" Sri Sarada Peetham seer Swamy Swaroopananda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11736665", "title": "Bail for Chhetri, first in AMRI case", "text": "KOLKATA: Ailing cardiac specialist Mani Chhetri was granted bail in the AMRI fire case on Thursday. The 93-year-old is the only one to have been released. His counsel dropped a bombshell during the hearing, claiming Chhetri had resigned as AMRI managing director in March 2011 - 10 months before the fire that killed 91 people on December 9.This runs contrary to chief minister Mamata Banerjee's statement that Chhetri was arrested because he was the AMRI MD and was \"key to vital decisions\". Mamata has repeatedly defended Chhetri's arrest in the face of growing resentment among the medical community, pointing out that the hospital's license was issued in his name. On Thursday, the fate of Chhetri's bail petition hung in the balance for five hours before Alipore chief judicial magistrate H K Chowdhury announced his decision at 9.30pm. Chhetri will be on bail till February 16, considering his \"failing health\". He had suffered a blackout soon after his arrest. His son said he had a mild heart attack.Chhetri wasn't even brought to court on Thursday. \"He is severely ill. Please take a look at the (report of the) medical board of SSKM Hospital. After the cardiac arrest and blackout on the night of February 27 (in police custody), he suffered a haemorrhage. His hands have turned blackish. The medical report says he has a low platelet count. He is on the call of the almighty. Let him, at least, live in peace at 93,\" his counsel Samaraditya Pal said.Public prosecutor Sakti Bhattacharya wanted to have Chhetri's custody for a while longer but did not argue on Chhetri's health. \"He is ailing, which is why a medical board at SSKM Hospital is treating him. He is being provided the best healthcare facilities the state can provide. Not for a single moment did police make an attempt to speak to him in hospital, though he is in police custody. Let him get well, then we can speak. He can lead to the recovery of certain documents that are crucial to investigations and hence we pray for a further police custody,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11735355", "title": "'Ramshackle buildings pose threat to residents'", "text": "NASHIK: Residents of the Sardar Chowk area have expressed concern over traffic jams and dilapidated structures in the locality, which they say are affecting their safety and endangering the lives of the pilgrims visiting the temples in the area. Ward no. 12, which is one of the major wards in the Panchavati division, includes Malviya Chowk, the Kalaram Temple area, Sardar Chowk, Nag Chowk, Sita Gumpha, Kapaleshwar Temple and Puriya Park. The population of the predominantly middle-class locality is 17,113.A local resident, who did not want be identified said, \"The Sardar Chowk area is always crowded as hundreds of tourists cross this area on their way to the Kalaram Temple and Sita Gumpha. There are some dilapidated structures in the area which pose a threat to the safety of the residents and passersby. I had complained about one such structure near the south door of the Kalaram Temple, but no action has been taken by the administration of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).\"\"Moreover, there is no public lavatory in the Sardar Chowk area and this inconveniences tourists headed for the Kalaram Temple. The lane is very narrow and there are frequent traffic jams,\" he said.Apart from Sardar Chowk, the major grievances in the other parts of the wards are garbage disposal and traffic congestion. The condition of the roads is good and there is no water scarcity in the ward, residents say.Local resident Manoj Chaugule says, \"Panchavati is one of the major divisions of the city and a centre of pilgrimage as thousands of the tourists and devotees flock to this area daily. Hundreds of small and large ancient temples are located in the area. But the NMC has not put up sign boards in the area giving directions to visitors. Thousands of tourists visit the Kalaram Temple, Sita Gumpha and the Ram Kunda area every day, but signboards have not been put up in surrounding areas, which inconveniences tourists.\"\"There are often traffic jams near Nimani bus stand and in the Panchavati Karanja area. Hawkers always put up their stalls and handcarts along the road from Nimani to Panchavati Karanja, which affects the movement of vehicles in the area. As a result, traffic jams have become an everyday occurrence in the area,\" said Chaugule.Sitting corporator Madhubala Bhore said, \"The NMC administration has already issued notices to the owners of dilapidated structures in this connection and nothing can be done right now due to the election code of conduct ahead of the NMC elections.\"\"All the roads in my ward have been concretized. All the basic needs, from water to roads, have been fulfilled. Besides, I have carried out a lot of developmental work, including drainage, setting up of new electric poles in the ward, upgrading of the Parshurampuriya Garden and the study hall in Indrakunda,\" said Bhore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11734179", "title": "Private colony residents hold their breath on MCG takeover", "text": "GURGAON: Ahead of the handover of the colonies to the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG), the residents of these private colonies fear that the facilities in their areas would be similar to those in the MCG areas. Recently, the MCG said that the process of handing over of the privately developed colonies to the MCG has started.The residents point out that getting any building or maintenance work done in the private colonies was much easier than getting it done if they were under the MCG.\"At present, the maintenance agency is providing the facilities like internal road resurfacing, sanitation,water distribution, horticulture, sewerage and security within the private colony at Rs 2.50 per square yard. In the event of any problem in any of these services, the residents have to inform the agency which is then responsible for doing the job,\" said Sudhir Kapoor, general secretary of DLF city RWA.The residents of the private colonies feel that the MCG is not yet prepared to take over the private colonies.They say they are better off under private companies than under the MCG areas where one has to approach different officers for different complaints. Dhirender Kumar, a resident of Sushant Lok, said, \"If one compares any MCG area with the any private colony, the builders' colonies are far better in all respects. Before making tall claims the MCG should first think of improving management of its own areas.The DLF city RWA is to organize an open discussion with the residents of the city where the residents would be asked to put forward their views on the MCG's decision to take over the colonies.Parimal Bardhan, president of DLF Phase I H block RWA, said,\"We know that it is a procedure which the department has to follow. At the same time, the kind of management the MCG is practicing in its areas shows its unwillingness to provide services to the residents. Be it the municipal committee, municipal corporation, or the municipal house, the condition of the city is the same.There has to be some kind of dialogue between the residents, builders and the MCG,\" said Bardhan.Meanwhile, residents are also worried about the vacant plots within their area whose custody now lies with the builder. According to Sumit Dhawan, another resident, \"The vacant plots in the entire colony are at present looked after by the maintenance agency and they would come under no one if the MCG were to take charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734804", "title": "Tailor-made IIT course to train engineers for metro rail", "text": "CHENNAI: IIT-Madras has started a postgraduate diploma programme in metro rail engineering and management in association with Chennai Metro Rail Ltd (CMRL). The first batch of students of this customised course will pass out in a few months and join CMRL.\"We need qualified people who can handle both the technical and management sides of the operations. The one-year course will help us get a talented workforce for the future,\" said a senior CMRL official.The BTech graduates who are doing the course learn the nuances of contract management, including how to float tenders for projects. \"There are a lot of management lessons and I can apply whatever I learn as soon as I start working,\" said S Bhavya, a student.The technical aspects are equally important. \"It is a highly specialised field that needs engineers who have a good understanding of civil, mechanical, electrical, and electronics and communication engineering,\" said R G Robinson, associate professor, civil engineering, IIT-M. The course has been structured so that students will learn more about these streams.Apart from IIT professors, retired Indian Railways professionals have been roped in to provide training in signalling and station design.The only other institution that offers a similar course is IIT-Delhi, which has been running a programme in association with Delhi Metro Rail Corporation for about two years.IIT-M has been running an MTech programme for infrastructure company Larsen &amp; Toubro (L&T;) for more than a decade. \"L&T; is huge and needs people with training in technical and management components,\" said Robinson.Since metro rail engineering is a specialised course, only students with a BTech in civil, mechanical, electrical, or electronics and communication, can apply. Candidates are shortlisted based on their score in the Graduate Aptitude Test in engineering and a qualifying examination. Those selected receive a monthly stipend of 20,000 from CMRL.\"The first batch, which will pass out in July 2012, will have to work for CMRL for the next five years. Students find it attractive as it is a core engineering area and the metro system is coming up in many Indian cities,\" said Robinson.Students also see opportunities in the field. \"There is also scope for the students to work abroad later as most major cities have metro rail systems,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733440", "title": "Drugs &amp; shahtoosh kept customs busy through 2011", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rising prices of gold saw the first of its kind smuggling of rhodium, iridium and ruthenium into India in 2011. In November 2011, three cases of iridium smuggling were unearthed at Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai Airports almost simultaneously.The rare metals are used for adulteration of gold and their demand soared as prices of gold skyrocketed.\"The case was highly rare, but such instances are being reported more frequently now. The quantity being brought in is normally not huge so we have to be doubly careful when checking for these,\" said a customs official.Between April 1 and December 31 last year, Delhi Airport's customs department, which celebrated 50 years of its existence on Thursday, seized goods worth Rs 24.23 crore and arrested 20 people for illegal transfer of goods into the country. The biggest haul for the department was the recovery of 10kg of heroin worth Rs 15 crore. Two Afghan nationals were also arrested in connection with the case. \"This again is highly rare and probably the first time that such a massive haul of contraband was being smuggled into Delhi. Normally drugs are taken out of Delhi or if they are brought in it is normally through the sea route, never by air,\" said the official.The other first for the IGI Airport, a haul made after about 20 years, were two seizures of shahtoosh shawls. Three persons were booked under the Wildlife Act for possession of 30 shahtoosh shawls, an item banned under the Wildlife Act as it entails brutally slaughtering the highly endangered Tibetan antelope. The value of the seizure was Rs 1.93 crore.\"We are also noticing a gradual trend of body concealments while bringing in goods. In 2011, two cases were reported in which passengers had concealed watch dials in their rectum. This was a common practice about 20 years back when gold smuggling was rampant, but these were the first cases reported for watch smuggling. In places like west Delhi's Gaffar Market, such watches rake in massive profits and the trend is catching up,\" said a source.Smuggling of memory cards and peripherals for electronic goods has also become exceedingly common. On November 1, 2011, the customs department caught their biggest haul of 68,000 memory cards. \"Memory cards have been smuggled into the country for a while now, but the past two years have witnessed a major surge. In fact, because vigilance was so strong, passengers started arriving at other airports and avoiding Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733572", "title": "SC slams Trai\u2019s \u2018lopsided\u2019 policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) has come for intense criticism from the Supreme Court in the 89-page order by Justices G S Singhvi and Asok Kumar Ganguly that quashed the 122 telecom licences.\"To say the least, the entire approach adopted by TRAI was lopsided and contrary to the decision taken by the Council of Ministers and its recommendations became a handle for the then Minister of C&IT; and the officers of the DOT who virtually gifted away the important national assets at throw away prices,\" the judgment said.The SC pointed out that TRAI was an expert body but \"it cannot, while making recommendations, overlook the basic constitutional postulates and principles and make recommendations which should deny majority of people from participating in the distribution of national assets/state property.\"While admitting that the scope of judicial review in such matters was extremely limited, the court said, \"We have no hesitation to record a finding that the recommendations made by TRAI were flawed in many respects and implementation thereof by the DOT resulted in gross violation of the objective of NPT 1999\".It pointed out that while making its recommendations on August 28, 2007, the TRAI had recognized that spectrum was a scarce commodity. But it made recommendation for allocation of 2G spectrum on the basis of 2001 price by invoking the theory of level-playing field.However, TRAI had in its own assessment of spectrum allocation criteria, pricing methodology and the management system said that they suffered from a number of deficiencies and there was an urgent need to address the issues linked with spectrum efficiency and its management. \"And yet it decided to recommend the allocation of spectrum at the price determined in 2001,\" the court said.The decision to keep the 2001 price and go along with First-Come-First-Served (FCFS) policy was done in the name of \"growth, affordability, penetration of wireless services in semi urban and rural areas etc,\" the court said.\"Unfortunately, while doing so, TRAI completely overlooked that one of the main objectives of NTP (New Telecom Policy) 1999 was that spectrum should be utilized efficiently, economically, rationally and optimally and there should be a transparent process of allocation of frequency spectrum as also the fact that in terms of the decision taken by the Council of Ministers in 2003 to approve the recommendations of the Group of Ministers, the DOT and Ministry of Finance were required to discuss and finalize the spectrum pricing formula,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733472", "title": "Few takers for public transport: CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite the presence of a strong public transport system, the capital has been witnessing a growth in the number of private vehicles. \"We have introduced battery operated cars and bikes but unfortunately, people refuse to switch to other modes of transport,\" said chief minister Sheila Dikshit.She was speaking at a session on regional efforts for sustainability at the Delhi Sustainable Development Summit.\"We are very conscious of the fact that the consumption of petroleum-based resources needs to be curbed or at least changed. Delhi has 17 million people and 7 million cars. It is a little disappointing that development of new transport technology is taking so long,\" the chief minister said.Dr RK Pachauri, director general TERI, supported Dikshit's demand for better technology transfer. He said, \"There has never been a period in history when there was a greater need for technology. However, we also need the vision to help us reduce greenhouse gas emissions. India has the capability but needs the power of good ideas to move ahead. The government should partner with academics and industrialists to bring about this change.\"The session focused essentially on the need for grassroots movements to deal with the changing climate and adopt sustainable practices. However, as Mike Rann, former premier of South Australia pointed out, the role of the government in fostering the spirit for sustainability was equally important.\"For the last few years the federal government of Australia was in denial about climate change and while a lot of regional work was being done, the country's policies did not reflect the same. Technology is essential but so is political leadership,\" he said.Arnold Schwarzenegger, former governor of California and head of the R20 also took a dig at the international deliberations on the future of the Kyoto Protocol or the need of an international agreement on emission control.\"Look at the mobile phone revolution. When I bought my first phone, it weighed a tonne and cost US $16,000. Now mobile phones are available at throwaway prices. I went to Nigeria recently where the general population is quite poor but people were running around with two to three phones. This did not require any international treaty. It only required the will of the market,\" he said.Dikshit also added that for real sustainable development, it was equally important to develop human resources. \"We need to pay more attention to health and education. Real sustainability needs to have a human angle for resource utilization,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11732960", "title": "Pay 5% more for power from Feb-Apr", "text": "NEW DELHI: From February to April, you will pay 5% more for electricity, as discoms pass on the increasing cost of fuel required for power generation. The Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission announced on Thursday that the first fuel price adjustment (FPA) of 5% would kick in across the city from February 1 to April 30, 2012, after which the formula would change all over again.Added to the power tariff increase in September last year, consumers will now be paying 27% more. A long-standing demand of discoms, FPA was one of the main components of the tariff announcement of 2011-12, and will be a regular feature in electricity bills now.DERC will review the increase in power purchase costs borne by discoms as per fuel prices in the international market and allow discoms to recover them from consumers on a quarterly basis.\"Generation companies charge fuel surcharge to discoms and it should be allowed to discoms also. The only question was on how much surcharge should be allowed,\" DERC chairperson P D Sudhakar said. \"Discoms submitted their fuel surcharge claims for October to December 2011 and based on their submissions, we have allowed 5% from February 1 for three months.\"Following the 5% surcharge, a domestic consumer will be charged Rs 3.15 per unit for first 200 units of power instead of current Rs 3. For usage between 200 and 400 units, the rate per unit will be Rs 5.04 against the current Rs 4.80; above 400 units, each power unit will cost Rs 6 instead of Rs 5.70.\"All three discoms sought fuel surcharge between 9 and 12%. While Tata Delhi Power petitioned for about 9% hike for fuel adjustment, BRPL and BYPL claimed 10%-12%. After prudence checks and verifying their claims against actual costs, we have allowed all three discoms 5%,'' added Sudhakar.While Delhiites may groan, DERC officials said FPA was preferable to consumers paying carrying cost (interest). \"By (discoms) borrowing money to pay power suppliers, it is the consumer who will end up with the burden of having to pay carrying cost (interest) too. To avoid this, we had asked the commission to institute a mechanism for passing the variations in power purchase cost to the consumers on a monthly or quarterly basis,\" said a discom official.Discoms had, in a proposal made earlier this year, argued that they had to pay power suppliers such as NTPC and Indraprastha Gas on a monthly basis and that it took them at least two years to recover their expenses.Power officials say coal and gas account for up to 80% of power procurement costs and this also pushes up merchant power costs (power bought on short notice).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11735928", "title": "Bar elections on April 4", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Annual general elections of the executive body of the Punjab and Haryana high court Bar Association would be held on April 4. The decision regarding same was taken in a recent meeting of the state bar council of Punjab and Haryana, which is the apex body of lawyers in the region.Besides the elections of the Punjab and Haryana high court Bar Association, elections of the district bars of Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula, would also be held on the same day.Confirming the development, chairman of the state bar council of Punjab and Haryana, Lekh Raj Sharma said considering the holidays in April we have decided to hold the bar elections on April 4, which is a Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "the mona lisa at the prado in madrid was thought to be just another fine copy, with added eyebrows and an odd black background. but curators at spain's national art museum on wednesday announced a startling discovery ", "code": "11736426", "title": "500 yrs on, Mona Lisa\u2019s \u2018twin sister\u2019 discovered", "text": "The Mona Lisa at the Prado in Madrid was thought to be just another fine copy, with added eyebrows and an odd black background. But curators at Spain's national art museum on Wednesday announced a startling discovery : the painting was actually executed by an artist in Leonardo da Vinci's workshop at the same time as the original.It is the first known copy of the painting and a discovery that curators believe sheds new light on the creation of the masterpiece.Deputy conservator, Gabriele Finaldi, said, \"It's as if we were standing in the workshop itself, and at the next easel. You can see that the artist was working step by step with Leonardo. When Leonardo made a change, he made a change.\"The copy sits in a dimly-lit room awaiting the finishing touches of a two-year restoration , during which its true origin was revealed. Curators decided it needed a face lift because it was going on loan to the Louvre in March. Following X-ray and infrared studies , they were surprised to find a landscape hidden beneath the dark paint behind the subject.Conservators believe the artist could be Francesco Melzi , one of Leonardo's favourite pupils. \"When you look at the copy, you can imagine that this is what the Mona Lisa looked like in the 16th century ,\" Finaldi continued. \"It's not just the details and the colour use. It has also been protected from light and dirt for centuries. So what you see is a very reliable appearance.\"The Mona Lisa is widely believed to be a portrait of Lisa Gherardini, a Florentine merchant's wife, and the copy makes her look younger and more seductive. Miguel Falomir , chief conservator for renaissance painting, said, \"When the X-ray revealed the landscape, it was in extraordinary condition. It was the most surprising thing in the 14 years I've been here.\"It has belonged to the museum at least since 1666, first as part of the royal collection and then as a state treasure . It was first thought to have been produced by a Flemish hand after da Vinci's death. Then it was believed to be a later Italian copy. The 'Prado Mona Lisa' was beloved by many visitors, even if that odd black background didn't highlight La Gioconda's beauty.Courtsey: The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734971", "title": "Final hearing on tourism ban plea on Feb 14", "text": "NAGPUR: The uncertainty over tourism ban in core and critical tiger habitats (CTHs) area has been removed with the Supreme Court accepting to hear the special leave petition (SLP) filed by Bhopal-based environment protection NGO Prayatna.\"Finally, the apex court bench of justices Dalbir Bhandari and Deepak Mishra on Thursday accepted our request to hear the SLP,\" said Ajay Dubey, secretary of Prayatna. He added that the court will also hear petition demanding a CBI probe into missing tigers in Panna Tiger Reserve in Madhya Pradesh on February 13.In November first week, the double bench of justices Deepak Verma and KS Radhakrishnan, had declined to hear the SLP. Since then, parties having vested interest tried to ensure that the matter doesn't come up for hearing owing to tourism season at it peaks during vacation.All eyes are on the Supreme Court verdict which will finally decide on the petition on implementing ban on all kinds of tourism in core and CTHs. The decision will have its repercussions on all the parks in India.The case has become more interesting after National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) filed an affidavit admitting that 'core/critical tiger habitats (CTHs) would not be used for any form of tourism, and the ongoing tourism activities in such areas should be phased out in fringe and buffer.The MP government has already been asked to tell to what extent tourism is being carried out in core areas in its parks and what is the situation in this regard in other states. The court also asked why tourism is not directed in buffer zones of the reserves.Prayatna had filed a PIL in September 2010. However, in January 2011, the Jabalpur high court rejected Dubey's prayer for barring all kinds of commercial tourism, hotelling and other human activities in the core and critical areas as notified in the tiger reserves of Madhya Pradesh.Following the Jabalpur court's order, Dubey filed a special leave petition (SLP) in the apex court. The necessity for filing the petition had arisen as Madhya Pradesh, which is home to two-third of tiger population of the country, has in the past few years, witnessed an unfortunate and sudden decline of tigers with government succumbing to commercial interests.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734299", "title": "Sounds of silence", "text": "HYDERABAD: A wrestler and a national level hockey player in his hay days, octogenarian Abu Pehalwan resides in a dingy room located in a narrow lane in AC Guards colony, named after the former African Cavalry Guards of then Hyderabad state. Sitting cross-legged on his takhat and chewing paan, the oldest living Habshi from Hyderabad is loud and proud about his connection with music, sports and his African ancestry.While a true blue Hyderabadi instinctively taps his feet to the marfa beat, very few remember that the music traces its root to the African subcontinent. While much research has been done to validate the AC Guards' African origin, one cannot deny the immediate connect as one sets eyes upon the six-feet-two-inches-tall strong-built man with a thick lower lip. He calls himself Abdul Fateh Bin Mahboob and his community lovingly calls him Abu Pehalwan.Abu Pehalwan traces his roots to Zanzibar (now Tanzania ) from where his great-grandfather Hassan Bin Mahboob was brought to India with 300-odd men by the Raja of Vanaparthy as a gift for the erstwhile Nizam, Mehboob Ali Khan. Dressed in his traditional headgear, long kurta and lungi, Abu bhai is an epitome of gentility and Hyderabadi 'tehzeeb'.\"Our community, unlike in most cases, did not come to India as slaves but as personal guards. The Siddis' main assignment was to accompany the entourage of the Nizam, especially during his salgira, the annual celebration of his coronation day. Officials used to bring tributes to the Nizam and it was the duty of the Siddis to receive and put them in the royal treasury. It was also customary for the Nizam to present gifts to his Siddi bodyguards on that day. Eventually, impressed with their loyalty, valour and sword fighting skills along with their penchant for dance and music, the Nizam absorbed them into the main cavalry and gifted them a huge chunk of land here. They were trained in horse riding, trotting, galloping and jumping. They were also trained to tame and massage the wild horses which the British brought from Australia. Our community members are now scattered in small pockets in Habsiguda, AC Guards and in parts of Ranga Reddy district,\" informs Abu bhai.When asked about his marfa band, the man's eyes twinkle. \"I have been playing the daff for more than sixty years. 'Siddi ka baja' has never failed to enchant people. Brass bands and filmy songs have to change their tunes with the times, but the sound of marfa and muzinar remains universal,\" he says. When pointed out that a lot of marfa bands are going out of business, Abu Bhai snaps back: \"That is not the failure of marfa, it is the failure of families who are unable to hold on to the tradition.\" His own children and grandchildren are engaged in various professions, but they continue to be an integral part of his band. \"Of my six sons, three have been national level hockey players,\" he says proudly. The sportsman within him adds, \"Cricket to kal ka game hai, hockey is our national game and we should take pride in it.\"On his broken link with Africa, Abu Bhai explains, \"Our forefathers didn't bring women with them, so they had to settle down with the local people. When talking with their wives, they used to use sign language and a few words that they picked up here. The Africans couldn't communicate among themselves either, as they were from various countries and language groups of the continent. That is essentially why we lost our cultural roots. When we buried our fathers, we buried their culture with them and became Indians.\"With the tiny houses packed with members of large families, it is clear that this community has fallen on hard times. \"In the past, people used to respect us,\" says Abu Bhai, \"but now we are only remembered during the marriage season.\"So did Abu Pehelwan ever nurture any wish to see the land of his forefathers? \"Hyderabad is my land and that of my father and grandfather. I have been born and brought up here. The Nizams have fed us, made us who we are. Nizam ka namak khaye, Nizam se gaddari kaise karte?\" asks the man who in another time could very well have been a loyal bodyguard of Hyderabad's royalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734297", "title": "Gujarat: MS University VC on panel to search for Parimal's successor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vice chancellor of MS University Yogesh Singh was appointed on the panel of the search committee on Thursday to suggest successor to current vice- chancellor of Gujarat University (GU) Parimal Trivedi, whose term expires in June.Singh's name was cleared in the joint meeting of the executive and academic council of GU held on Thursday. The meeting was chaired by VC Trivedi.The second member on the three-member search committee, which will be entrusted the job of find the new GU VC, will be appointed by Joint Board of Vice Chancellors.The third member will be recommended by the GU chancellor governor Dr Kamla. Meanwhile, former education minister and syndicate member Narhari Amin said that rules of the Gujarat University had been violated as the members were given the agenda of the important meeting to appoint the search committee member only at 8 pm on Wednesday.\"Adequate discussion was also not allowed during the joint meet of the academic and executive council,\" said Amin.He also alleged that a number of government representatives were present during the meeting.Source said that the name of the search committee member was practically dictated by the government representatives and even the VC who has to recommend the name was kept in dark till the last minute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738865", "title": "Mid-week mayhem", "text": "The cities ladies can never get a night's rest, with so many social dos figuring in their calenders.This was yet another gathering, where the ladies got to wear their best outfits and team it with the best of their accessories. No wonder everyone at this do was looking their prettiest best. While some of them chose to sport some good ol' Indian outfits, looking ravishing in the drapes, there were others who chose to wear some western wear. But, what seemed to be very apparent was that black was the choice of the evening. From some old-school LBDs to trendy party dresses with bling and the desi saris and salwar suits , everyone chose to go with black for the evening. We especially loved danseuse-actress Chandra's ensemble, where she carried a rather quirky orange clutch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11733323", "title": "Supreme Court slams brakes on Noida sealing", "text": "NOIDA: A day after the Noida Authority launched its sealing drive against banks and commercial units operating from residential areas, it is currently preparing to de-seal all these properties by Friday. According to Noida Authority officials, the sealing drive of the banks will now resume after March 4.The Noida Authority was forced to stall its drive following a Supreme Court direction on a plea by State Bank of India. The Authority will now begin the de-sealing process of the properties it had sealed on Wednesday.\"The sealing drive will now resume after the six weeks stipulated time fixed by the Court. We have not yet received a certified copy of the court order. Only after we receive it will we be able to chart out the next course of action. Our legal advisers will go through the court order and interpret it to figure out if the order applies only to banks or to all commercial establishments. Meanwhile, all sealing activity will remain suspended,\" said Captain SK Dwivedi, CEO Noida Authority.Top officials of the Authority called an urgent meeting and met late on Thursday evening to chart out the details of the de-sealing process. \"Complying with the apex court order of February 2, we will start de-sealing all the properties which we had sealed on Wednesday and complete the process by Friday evening,\" added Dwivedi.This sudden backtracking by the Authority was prompted after the State Bank of India approached SC on Wednesday alleging a \"contempt of court\" on the latter's part. SBI claimed that the Authority had misinterpreted the Supreme Court's order of January 23.\"Supreme Court order has come as a huge relief for the banks. The Authority had begun the sealing process without taking into account factors like time required for shifting, following RBI guidelines and starting operations,\" said LDM Arun Kumar, Syndicate Bank. \"Also, the Authority started the sealing drive even before the last date of the scheme, which is February 3, to allot alternate plots to banks,\" said BR Jain from the Oriental Bank of Commerce, Sector 27. \"This was unfair. Moreover, shifting to alternate locations in six weeks is also not feasible,\" Jain added.Though temporary, Supreme Court's order to de-seal the banks will also provide much needed respite to the thousands of customers in the city who were caught unawares by Noida Authority's sealing drive. \"I came to operate my locker in Vijaya Bank on Wednesday but by then the bank premises had already been sealed by the Authority,\" said a resident of Sector 19.\"I can now withdraw my valuables only after the bank reopens on Friday,\" she added. Banks on their part allayed fears. \"We will ensure that all the belongings in the lockers are safe. We'll either shift to temporary locations or set up new branches,\" said NS Ghai of Punjab and Sind Bank.The Authority had first decided to start the sealing process from January 27. However, the drive was delayed till February 1, two days after it issued the \"final notice\" directing all unauthorized units to shut operations immediately. Following the apex court directive of December 5, the Authority officials were to put a stop to all commercial activity from non-conforming areas and if allottees did not put their properties back to the actual land use, plot allotments were to be cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11738613", "title": "BRGF schemes lying incomplete in Garhwa district", "text": "GARHWA: The Garhwa district administration has expressed ire over the pending works under Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) as several schemes under it have been lying incomplete in the district since 2008 following lackluster performance on the part of the district council.Garhwa deputy commissioner Rajendra Pratap Sinha has brought to the government's notice about the tardy progress of BRGF schemes. The BRGF schemes are specially for those areas which have been deprived of development.The schemes include anganwadi centres, panchayat bhawan, Bharat Nirman Rajiv Seva Kendra and culverts. Of them, 90% schemes have been earmarked for anaganwadi centres and panchayat bhawan. According to sources, Rs 15.08 crore was provided to the district under BRGF in 2008 for execution of 91 schemes. Out of them, as many as 20 schemes are still incomplete. In the fiscal 2009-10, the district received Rs 10.68 crore for 109 schemes. Out of which 73 schemes have been lying incomplete so far.Similarly, 229 schemes worth Rs 25 crore were taken up in the fiscal 2010-11. Out of which 225 are incomplete, said the source.Out of a total 429 BRGF schemes, 318 have been lying incomplete since the last three fiscal years. The rest amount of BRFG about Rs 15 crore was transferred to the district council by the district administration in May 2011 after the panchayat election, as the district council has been authorized for BRGF after the panchayat election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11738402", "title": "CM may take a final decision on open school chairman", "text": "BHOPAL: MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) chairman may no longer hold the charge of the chairman of the State Open School. As senior IAS officer holds the charge of open school, it is left to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to take a final call on the issue.Ever since the State Open School came into existence in 1995, the MPBSE chairman holds the charge of the chairman of the open school.After detecting some irregularities, open school chairman M K Rai, the officer of an additional chief secretary rank, took the strict action. Sources claimed that assistant director Ajay Shrivastava and Smita Meshram were accused of forging 400 fake mark-sheets in districts including Jhabua and Mhow districts some nine months ago, prompting the chairman to take action.Sources in board said a proposal was initiated by a non-governmental member of the board to remove the chairman saying he is over-burdened. Sources said the proposal was ratified by the meeting immediately that the principal secretary of School Education henceforth would be the chairman of the open school. The board chairman was not present at the meeting as he was away from Bhopal. School Education minister Archana Chitnis, PS School Education, Director Open School and commissioner Rajya Shiksha Kendra were among those present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11735597", "title": "Brotherhood park lives up to name", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Residents of BRS Nagar's D-block are proud of one address in their locality - the Brotherhood Park. Well-mowed lawns, flowers lining its length and breadth, neatly placed benches and a fountain that works make the park a treat for the senses and the best part is that it is a proof of what the residents can create when they set their hearts on something.Though the municipal corporation (MC) gives some money for the park's maintenance, the residents have been pooling in cash and also overseeing the work done in it. B D Rattan, a retired engineer who is an office bearer of the Brotherhood Park Management Committee said the MC gives Rs 5,500 for two months but the money is not sufficient for keeping the park clean and green. \"So some years ago the residents of Friends Lane and Brotherhood Lane in this block thought of contributing money for the park's upkeep.\"Every month we contribute Rs 100 each which is used to buy seeds, pesticides and fertilizers and also maintain the fountain. We have also appointed two gardeners,'' said Rattan, who lives in Friends Lane.He added that MC had appreciated their efforts and even awarded the park second prize for best maintenance.Besides residents of the area, people from other blocks also visit the park for some leisurely time. \"Our efforts have paid off. Being in the park relaxes us a lot. We have almost all types of ornamental plants and flowers here giving the park a great look. We have different type of roses, verbena flowers, chrysanthemums, money plants, bottle palm, aurocaria, bamboo trees and many other ornamental plants. Even the grass is of great quality,'' said Amreek Singh, a retired banker who also stays in the area. He added that a fountain surrounded by plants and flowers is the park's highlight.Shivam Sharma, 12, said he loves going to the park. \"Luckily it is almost next to my house so I spend a lot of time there. I love the greenery, the flower and the water fountain,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11735388", "title": "10-month-old sold twice", "text": "PANCHKULA: As the country prays for two-year-old Falak, who is fighting for her life at AIIMS, a one-year-and-three-month-old boy from Panchkula, Nishant, was sold twice over after being kidnapped from the Mansa Devi shrine here during Navaratra last year by a couple. Nishant, who was just 10 months old when he was kidnapped, was reunited with his family on Thursday after being recovered from Gurdaspur district in Punjab.Only son of his parents, the child who was kidnapped by a couple from his mother during the Navaratra fair on September 28 last year at Mansa Devi temple. According to the police, the child changed hands from one couple to another.After five months, Nishant was recovered late on Wednesday night by the Panchkula police from Qadian village in Gurdaspur.While the kidnapped boy was first sold for Rs 70,000 to a couple, it was again sold off to another couple for Rs 1.20 lakh,\" said SHO of Mansa Devi Sector-5 police station, Dileep Singh.\"The kid was recovered from the couple which last bought him in Gurdaspur. However, the couple claims that they had found the child abandoned by the roadside. We are ascertaining the selling angle,\" said Panchkula deputy commissioner of police Manish Chaudhary.On September 28 last year, Nishant's parents had been to the Mansa Devi shrine on the first day of the Navratra fair. When Nishant's father Anil went away to make a phone call, a couple approached Nishant's mother, Sarita, and befriended her.Finding Sarita showing signs of tiredness, the couple offered to take care of the child and asked her to go and have water from a tap at a distance. When Sarita returned, the couple had vanished with the child.The police have arrested the main accused, Kashmeer Singh, who kidnapped the child. However, the lady who pretended to be Kashmeer's wife, and the couple they sold Nishant to have not been traced yet.\"Two months before the kidnapping, Singh began staying in Chandigarh with a lady, Aarti from Patiala. Aarti could not bear a child and the two hatched a plan to kidnap Nishant,\" said Dileep Singh.\"Kashmeer Singh, who lives with his father in Qadian, told people in his village that Nishant was his son and began living with Arati posing as a couple. However, Aarti had a scuffle with Kashmeer and they broke up. It was then that the father-son duo decided to sell the child. They struck a deal for Rs 70,000 with another couple in their village, who even paid an advance Rs 5,000. This couple further sold the child to another couple for Rs 1. 20 lakh,\" said Dileep Singh.Nishant is now suffering from chicken pox was not given any medication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11727278", "title": "Amy Jackson and Prateik\u2019s secret detour?", "text": "He's known as the actor who always takes the road less taken. And this time, it has happened quite literally.Prateik is in news for his alleged affair with Ek Deewana Tha co-star Amy Jackson, and adding to the gossip is this new story. Recently, while traveling for a promotional event, both left in the same car while a crew car followed them.What surprised us was the fact the crew car (that had left long after their car) arrived before them. The two actors went missing for an hour and a half and the crew had to wait for them to arrive. Well, detours are always interesting, na? Maybe the couple needed some (love and) fresh air? What say?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734154", "title": "Kawal awaits tiger reserve tag", "text": "HYDERABAD: More than four months have passed since the Centre gave its nod to the Kawal Wildlife Sanctuary in Adilabad district but the project is still waiting on the 'tiger reserve' tag. And while authorities have long cited the crisis in tribal affairs as the primary reason behind the delay, wildlife experts suggest that the story is something else.According to them it is an uninterested forest department and an equally complacent state government, which is dithering on the proposal that needs to be cleared to give Kawal the distinction of being the 42nd tiger reserve in the country.The wait, experts say, is fast becoming a cause for concern as Kawal has seen a sharp rise in anti-social activities in the last five months. Apart from hundreds of trees being felled everyday by the timber mafia, attacks by poachers, too, is becoming more frequent, according to experts. That apart, there has also been a rise in the tiger population in the area (there have been seven sightings of late), which, according to experts, calls for immediate attention.\"This is a very important tiger zone and, if protected well, can open up a continuous corridor with central India, especially Tadoba (100km away), thereby helping in tiger conservation efforts,\" said Imran Siddiqui, member of the advisory board for Kawal and a local wildlife activist.However, experts maintain that better security for the sanctuary would only be sanctioned after it has bagged the 'tiger reserve' tag. Experts said that that notification will lead to more funds through the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and help Kawal grow as a tiger habitat.\"Poaching will come down drastically. Fewer trees felled would mean an improving herbivorous population leading to better tiger breeding. So, it is very important that it be given the tag soon,\" reiterated Rajeev Mathew, a wildlife expert. While Mathew agrees that there are tribal issues that need to be addressed before the initiation of any such proposal, he believes that it is not something that cannot be resolved in a few months.However, considering how little the progress has been so far in government offices, activists feel that the plan might well hit a dead end. Their fears are perhaps rooted in the indifference amongst senior forest officials who seem least interested in the Kawal story.In fact, when contacted, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF- head of the forest force), Hitesh Malhotra said that branding the wildlife sanctuary as a tiger reserve would do it little good. He argued that the department was already doing all it could to protect Kawal and that any more it could not do. \"We have enough mobile guards and camps in the sanctuary area. Even without it being a tiger reserve, we are giving it maximum protection. The tag will change nothing,\" Malhotra said, dismissing the hoopla around the tiger reserve notification.The ground reality, though, is very different according to locals. Not only has the area been given only four base camps - as against the 16 promised last year - there is also a good portion of the sanctuary that is lying in neglect. \"More than one-third of the core Kawal area falls under Nirmal (also in Adilabad district), which does not have a regular forest officer to monitor it. Once declared a reserve, this will get corrected and the entire area will come under the unified command of a forest conservator,\" a local said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11735965", "title": "Pregnant NRI lady hacked to death in Padra farmhouse", "text": "VADODARA: A 30-year-old pregnant NRI lady, who had returned from USA sometime ago, was brutally hacked to death by the watchman of her farmhouse in Padra taluka, some 10 kilometres from the city on Thursday morning.Payal Patel, daughter of a city-based lawyer, was hacked to death by her farmhouse's watchman with an axe following heated arguments. She received grievous injuries on her head that led to her death. The watchman identified as Paresh Patel is absconding and the cops have formed teams to track him down.According to the police, heated arguments ensued between Payal and Paresh over some issue on Thursday morning. Soon, Paresh, his two sons and wife attacked her. Someone from the village called up the police after the murder.\"Payal reached the farmhouse located in Sokhdakhud village by 9.30 am. Later she and Paresh got into arguments following which the latter lost his cool. He and his family attacked Payal with an axe in a fit of rage. She tried to escape but he hit her on her head,\" said Padra police inspector Y R Belim.\"She was rushed to a hospital but couldn't survive. Paresh, who used to live the farmhouse with her wife and two children, fled with her family. We have sent a team of police to his hometown in Godhra,\" Belim told TOI.Police suspects that Paresh might have been in inebriated state when the incident occurred.\"Some days ago, Payal had found Paresh in drunken state at the farmhouse and pulled him up. She instructed him not to consume liquor and nonvegetarian food at the farmhouse. He gave in writing that he won't consume liquor. It is possible that some similar incident may have happened on Thursday,\" Belim added.Payal had settled in New Jersey with her second husband Tapan Soni and they used to visit the city often. During their stay in the city, they mostly used their house on Vasna-Bhayli Road. But, Payal frequently visited the farmhouse that she managed single-handedly. Her husband was out of town on Thursday so she went alone to the farmhouse.The cops said that the murder wasn't pre-planned and it was done in a fit of rage. No valuables were missing from the farmhouse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11736352", "title": "50 policemen removed after 50 policemen removed after Jaipur custody death", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after a 54-year-old man arrested for alleged involvement in a theft case died at Mansarovar police station, the entire staff of 50 cops at the station were sent to police lines.Acting deputy commissioner of police (South) Virendra Jhala on Thursday ordered removal of policemen deployed at the police station, including four SIs, two ASIs, five head constables and 37 constables. \"All of them have been sent to police lines till further orders,\" he added. On Wednesday, Jhala had suspended circle inspector, Mansarovar , Dharamveer Singh and investigating officer of the theft case, Jagdish Prasad.\"It has been done in compliance with the directives of police headquarters which suggests that the policemen at a station shall be removed in case of any custodial death,\" said acting deputy commissioner of police (South) Virendra Jhala. Though the medical reports of the deceased, Yogesh (54), suggested that he died of heart attack when the police had brought him to questioning, the entire station staff is now facing the ire.\"He was booked in a dozen cases of thefts and we have recovered valuables including electronic goods worth Rs 11 lakh. The action is not justified since no violence was used against him as he died of heart attack. Are we facing action for arresting a theft accused from who stolen goods were recovered?,\" asked a policemen who too was removed on the condition of anonymity.Meanwhile, the traders association of Mansarovar has came in support of the policemen of Mansarovar in protest against the action of senior police officers. The businessmen and traders will observe a bandh on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734666", "title": "6.3 million mobile customers in TN face uncertainty", "text": "CHENNAI: With the Supreme Court cancelling as many as 122 2G licences, customers of the affected cellphone operators in Tamil Nadu are facing uncertain times. In the state, licences of Idea Cellular, Videocon, Uninor, Siestema Shyam and Etisalat stand cancelled. Telecom regulator TRAI data reveals that as on December 31, 2011, these operators together have 6.29 million subscribers in the state.Given that Tamil Nadu has 75.76 million mobile subscribers, around 8.3% of them will have to go through a phase of uncertainty. Of the 6.29 million subscribers, the biggest chunk belongs to Idea and Siestema. Idea has 2.04 million subscribers whereas Siestema has 1.69 million. Uninor and Videocon account for 1.43 million and 1.1 million subscribers respectively. Etisalat (which bought licence from Swan Telecom) has 0.03 million subscribers.Operators have four more months before their operations in the concerned circles are wound up. Fresh auction for the licences will be conducted within this period. What it means to the affected customers is that they have four months to shift to an operator unaffected by the ruling.Mobile number portability which had received a lukewarm response till now, is expected to get a boost in the coming months as customers look to make the switch without changing their numbers. According to TRAI, this ruling affects less than 5% of the total mobile subscribers in India, but it is still a significant number given the huge subscriber base of around 893 million subscribers.Social networking platform was abuzz with affected customers venting their anger against the government. According to statweestics, which maintains statistics on Twitter traffic, interest in '#2G' went up by more than 900% in one hour after the ruling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11734584", "title": "MTC plans to equip 1,000 more buses with GPS, seeks funds", "text": "CHENNAI: About 1,000 Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) buses equipped with digital sign boards and Global Positioning System (GPS) will be on the roads in the next few months, if all goes well. Transport department officials said the MTC had approached the government for funds which were expected to be delivered in three to four months.Just 550 of the MTC's 3,461 buses are GPS-enabled and have digital boards. These include buses on the 21G (Broadway-Tambaram) and 70 (Avadi-Tambaram), 18 A (High Court-Tambaram), 1 B (Tiruvottiyur-Tambaram ), PP 19 (Broadway-Injambakkam) and 21H (Broadway-Kelambakkam) routes. \"If the government approves, we expect to install the GPS system in 1,000 buses on many stretches, including Anna Salai and Poonamallee High Road,\" an official said.The GPS system will help track buses' locations, over-speeding, late arrival and departure. Many also use it as a medium to address commuters' grievances. However, a senior MTC official admitted, the system had failed on some routes \"because the ongoing metro rail project had led to traffic diversions and many bus routes had become one-way stretches, affecting the accuracy of the GPS system. The system on these routes would be resumed once the metro rail work is completed,\" he added.Sources in the transport department said they were yet to own a server for the system. \"We now depend on the server of a private firm. It would be easier if we have our own server but a server costs around Rs 3.5 crore,\" said an MTC official. \"When the government approves the proposal, we plan to increase the capacity of the existing server and install adequate digital boards at bus stops,\" he added. The system has other uses, too, officials said.The GPS monitoring cell of the corporation gets an average of 10 to 15 calls a day. Recently, when a group of students entered a bus on route 15 B and created trouble, the driver complained to the GPS monitoring cell through the MTC's interactive voice response system and was told to drive to the nearest police station. The scared students jumped out.Many commuters said few knew about the GPS monitoring cell. \"Many of us who are keen on complaining about some bus conductors who are very rude and shout at passengers don't know that such a facility is available. If we knew, we can easily report on rash driving or misbehaving and also about drivers not halting at scheduled stops,\" said Clint Joseph Peter, a commuter. The data collected from these devices was not being monitored by MTC officials, some said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734575", "title": "One more body found, work hastens up at site", "text": "NAGPUR: The toll of the cold storage warehouse collapse reached nine on Thursday after another body of a male worker, 28-year-old Vishnu Maher, was retrieved from the disaster site at Chikli Layout. Fifteen others were injured in the incident that took place on Monday. Two of the injured are in critical condition.The work pace at the collapse site has been stepped up as the operation entered the fourth day. The jumbo combi-crusher machine, along with the rock-breaker and several excavators, started the work which took on the character of a debris removal, rather than rescue, operation.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal said that it was a conscious decision to accelerate the work pace as there was little chance of survival under the ruins now. He said that the rescue operation commenced on a cautious note so as to not aggravate the critical situation at the collapse site. \"For the first two days, we could not speed up work as there was still hope to see someone return alive from under the debris,\" he said. He added that mobilizing agencies and co-ordinating among different departments took normal procedural time and could not be termed as delays.Meanwhile, Santosh Sahu, who was the contractor of the warehouse and was absconding since the collapse, resurfaced on Thursday. However, he has already secured anticipatory bail.Five bodies, including three in quick succession, were recovered from under the debris on Tuesday. The body of Bhimrao Meshram, married only couple of years ago, was identified by his relatives on Thursday.\"He had a scar on his left hand left by an accident while using the welding machine. We recognized him from it,\" said a relative. Meshram's body was the last one to be pulled out of the ruins on Tuesday night.On the other side, the wait for victim's kin like Ajju Shripatre and Anand Raul and his 10-year-old daughter Sarika prolonged as their close family members remained untraceable as yet another day of rescue stretched their grief further.Amid the ruins, participation of social institutions and philanthropists came as a silver lining. Several social workers had assembled at the site with their attention focused on making an aggrieved Sarika comfortable.Clashes between traders and distressed relatives of the trapped labourers took place once again as some businessmen tried to retrieve sacks that had been dumped behind the site after they were removed from the debris. The police had to rush to separate the parties in loggerheads. The relatives were heard challenging the traders against attempting to save their grains until the trapped labourers are traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "badal/lambi", "code": "11735770", "title": "Badal's village falls silent after voting, anxiety palpable", "text": "BADAL/LAMBI: Two days after polling, the scenario at Badal village has undergone apparent changes. There were no security personnel in the village on Thursday and villagers were busy with their daily routine. However, people could be seen discussing the election results. While some said that the high poll percentage may be an indication against a vote against SAD-BJP, others felt that it could be due to the anti-incumbency factor.At the Badals' residence, chief minister Parkash Singh Badal was away at Chandigarh. Nor deputy chief minister Sukhbeer Singh Badal or his wife and MP from Bathinda, Harsimrat Kaur Badal were in the village. According to party workers and security personnel at Badals' residence, the three were away since Wednesday.On the day of polling, big OB vans of different media groups and groups of security personnel could be seen deputed there, but on Thursday, the village was silent. In the main market in Badal village, shopkeepers were busy with customers while some villagers were sited together in front of shops, apparently discussing poll results.The \"rehri\" of a Chhole-Kulchewala could be spotted near the Badals' residence, surrounded by security personnel and others, while senior citizens could be heard discussing the post-poll scenario thus: \"Aitki vada badal vi tension ich haiga te pata ni resulut ki aauga. Aitki akali dal nu vi jhatka lag sakda haiga. Result ki rahuga ae te 6 march nu hi pata laguga.\" (This time, the senior Badal is also in tension. The results will come only on March 6. There could be shocks for SAD in the elections this time.)Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11735505", "title": "NCC cadets felicitated", "text": "CHANDIGARH: All cadets who had recently participated in Republic Day parade at Rajpath in Delhi, were felicitated on Thursday at the Punjab Raj Bhawan by UT administrator Shivraj Patil.The function started with NCC song and ended with National Anthem. Appreciating the role of NCC in nation and character building, governor said a sense of adventure and quest for excellence should be developed in the youth for better understanding.Highlighting rich cultural heritage of India he advised that NCC cadets be trained in the field of disaster management especially of nuclear, biological, chemical type to meet any challenge.Outgoing additional director general (ADG) of Chandigarh-based NCC directorate of Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Chandigarh, Major General M S Virk said the NCC cadets are ambassadors of peace and disciplined life, who work for a strong united India.While informing about the achievements of the local directorate in various fields, Colonel G P S Sawhney said there are four group headquarters and 31 units of NCC located in Punjab training about 50,000 cadets in 570 institutions.One group and four units are located in Chandigarh with about 5,000 cadets looking after 44 institutions. He said NCC group Chandigarh has been nominated as one of the training nodes of shooting for North zone. It involves talent hunt and preparing cadets for shooting sports at national level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11735334", "title": "Premlata Katiyar, Ajay Kapoor among 56 contestants to file nominations", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 56 contestants filed their nomination papers on the fifth day of nominations on Thursday.The maximum eight nomination papers were filed for Kalyanpur and Billhaur seats. Three papers were filed for Sisamau and Maharajpur seats.Shikha Mishra, Jitendra Bahadur Singh, Zakeema Begum, Raghunandan Bhadauria, Gopi Krishna Omar and Waseeq filed their nomination papers second time. Shikha Mishra and Jitendra Bahadur Singh submitted three sets of nomination papers while Waseeq filed two sets.Premlata Katiyar and Salil Bishnoi sitting MLAs of BJP, Anil Kumar Sharma, former mayor and Ajay Kapoor, sitting MLA of Congress were prominent to file nomination papers.For Billhaur seat, Aruna Kumari ( SP), Ram Saneshi (Bhartiya Sarvodaya Kranti Party), Rakesh Sonker (BJP), Reetu Sonkar (Rashtriya Lok Manch), Suresh Kumar (Jan Kranti Party), Indresh Kumar (Independent) and Shiv Karan (Independent) filed nominationsIn Bithoor, Munindra Shukla (SP ), Raghvendra Pratap Singh (Rashtriya Lok Manch), Anurag Pal (Bhartiya Sarvodaya Kranti Party), Ram Singh Munshilal (Republican party) and Neeraj Kumar (Indian Justice Party) filed papers.In Kalyanpur, Nirmal Tiwari (BSP), Premlata Katiyar (BJP), Balendra Katiyar (Socialist Unity Centre of India), Om Prakash Sonkar (Bhartiya Sarvodaya Kranti Party), Arvind Kumar Awasthi (Independent), Archana Vishwakarma (Independent), Raghvendra Mishra (Inependent) and Shailendra Singh (Rashtriya Lok Manch) turned up to file papers.Naveen Pandit (Independent), Somendra Singh (Lok Janshakti Party), Kandha Sinha (Independent), Mahendra Singh (Apna Dal), Geeta Patel (Janta Dal U),Tej Bahadur Singh (Jan Sangh Party) and Govind Narayan (Communist Party) filed papers for Govind Nagar seat.Mohammad Abrar (Lok Jan Shakti Party), Pawan (Rashtriya Lok Manch) and Waseeq (BSP) came forward to file papers for Sisamau seat.In Arya Nagar, Anil Kumar Sharma (Congress), Salil Bishnoi (BJP), Kailash Sharma (BSP), Abdul Razzaq (Rashtriya Lok Manch), Gopi Krishna Omar (Independent), Jitendra Bahadur Singh (SP) and Danish Khan (Independent) filed papers.For Kidwai Nagar seat, Vivek Sheel Shukla (BJP), Shyam Sundar Garg (BSP), Pappu Bhai Babaji (Independent), Zakeema Begum (Rashtriya Ulema Council), Ajay Kapoor (Congress) and Upendra Kumar Tiwari (Independent) filed papers.Suhail Akhtar Ansari (BSP), Raghunandan Bhadoria (BJP), Arif Azad (Lokjan Shakti Party) and Shivram Singh (Republican Party of India-A) filed papers for Kanpur Cantonment seat.Shikha Mishra (BSP), Lalman (Independent) and Ajay Kumar Dharmraj of Congress filed papers for Maharajpur seat.In Ghatampur, Dinesh (Independent), Indrajeet (SP), Raj Narayan (Independent), Rajendra Kumar (Rashtriya Parivartan Dal) and Udayveer Singh of Rashtriya Lok Manch come forward and filed nominations.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11726374", "title": "Rhapsody 2012 at Maitreyi College", "text": "It's fest season, and DU's Maitreyi College recently held its two day inter-college cultural festival, Rhapsody 2012, with Dr Sonjuhi Priyadarshini as the chief guest.They had all the usual ingredients of a vibrant fest - events like Taal (Indian dance competition), Rangmanch (one act play) and Symphony (western music). But one of the most awaited events was the fashion show.The participating fashion teams were Maitreyi, Kalindi College, Shivaji College and Delhi College of Arts and Commerce, but the host fashion society bagged the first prize with their unusual theme - Shades Of Life And Death. DCAC got the second prize for their theme, Indo-Western.And then, of course, there was the music performance by the band Nasha, with their lead singer, Akhil Sachdeva, becoming very popular with the crowd of screaming girls!He started the evening show with a prayer - \"Tu Hi Mata\" - followed by \"Sainu Ik Pal Chain Na Aave\" and \"Main Tenu Samjhavan Ki\".Akhil asked the audience to sing along with him kyunki \"Tum sab bhi bathroom singers ho!\"Tanushi Mittal, the college's cultural secretary, said, \"All my expectations are fulfilled; our hard work paid off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11736680", "title": "More seats for students sponsored by Lakshadweep", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala University has decided to earmark additional seats in under-graduate and post-graduate courses for those students who are sponsored by Union Territory of Lakshadweep for the academic year 2012-13. Additional seats will be earmarked in the colleges affiliated to the university.Applications invited: Applications have been invited for Bio-Informatics National Certification Exam 2012 being conducted by the biotechnology department of the Union government under the supervision of the Jawaharlal Nehru University. Computational biology and bio-Informatics department at Karyavattom campus of the university will be the exam centre in the state.Interview, exam rescheduled: The walk-in interview for the coordinator posts in the Adoor and Alappuzha extension centres of the Institute of Management in Kerala, originally scheduled on February 4, will be conducted at 1.30 pm on February 7. The paper-III PG diploma exams in Hospital Engineering and Management course offered by the Centre for Adult Continuing Education and Extension will be held on February 7. The first semester MBA exam of the Kerala University Distance Education Centre, originally scheduled for January 27 will be held on February 10.MPhil viva: The viva for MPhil ( Theatre Arts and Film Aesthatics for Education) will be held at 10 am on February 27 at the Centre for Performing and Visual Arts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736422", "title": "Illegal constructions, slums drain civic infra", "text": "MUMBAI: Rampant commercial growth has made untenable demands on the civic infrastructure in wards P-South (Goregaon East and West) and P-North (Malad, Malwani, Dindoshi, Marve) and given rise to problems that, though not unique, are uniquely multitudinous. Residents of the two wards frequently complain of acute water shortage, encroachments, bad roads and above all illegal constructions. In January last year, the Bombay high court chastised the BMC for the \"total lawlessness\" in Mumbai. It was hearing a plea on the illegal constructions in P-North, which, as it happens, are the most of any ward. Separately, a number of malls and shopping complexes have sprung up in Goregaon over the last few years, which are not matched by the growth in civic amenities, says Congress corporator Sameer Desai. \"Roads and water supply are not up to the mark. In my door-to-door campaigning, taxpayers are saying that their money has been wasted,\" he adds.The traffic scenario has also taken a turn for the worse in the two wards. And so has the condition of the roads. Every monsoon, the most complaints of potholes come from P-South ward.\"Despite spending crores, the roads in this area are in a shambles,\" says Desai.Corporator and legislator from P-North Aslam Shaikh agrees: \"The biggest challenge in this ward is bad roads. But the recently floated tenders will benefit Marve Road. It was earlier 30-feet wide; after concretisation, its width will be increased to 90 feet.\"Nilesh Vora, a resident of Sai Baba Complex in Goregaon (East), complains about the traffic snarls and the resulting vehicular pollution . \"There is a steady flow of vehicles even on the narrow lanes of Sai Baba complex. There are times when one just can't cross the road,\" he says. \"During the monsoon, the Aarey road is a mess and full of potholes.\"Residents also object to the slum encroachments in P-North, where slumdwellers comprise nearly 60% of the ward's population . In Ambujwadi, 13,000 shanties were flattened in a demolition drive, including 7,000 in a day in December 2004. The shanties are back in larger numbers . A major part of the area near Ambujwadi in Malad is a Coastal Regulation Zone and No Development Zone, which precludes any development to take place there.The hillocks bordering SGNP today are the slums of Kurar, Appapada and Pathanwadi. At the other end of the ward, the creek between Marve and Malwani has a long stretch of shanties. The ward also has the slum pockets of Azmi Nagar and Malwani, the latter of which has been suffering from acute water shortage for the past several years. Activists blame the muddle on the BMC's apathy. \"Malwani was traditionally not a slum area. In the '70s, it was a settlement of project-affected people. Over time though, they got neglected, because of which they were converted into slums,\" says Simpreet Singh of the National Alliance for People's Movements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11735002", "title": "Nigerian 'kingpin' arrested in multi-crore online banking fraud", "text": "KOLKATA: Beware before clicking a mail sent by any unknown person. You could be a victim of 'sphygmograph' - a hi-tech e-fraud - and within days fraudsters may empty your bank account.On Thursday the anti-bank fraud squad of Kolkata Police, led by Soumya Banerjee, unearthed a racket operated by group of Nigerians. One of the kingpins, Felix Nudubisieigs, has been arrested from Puduchhery, say police.Investigators say that Felix, who has been in India since 2006, is one of the masterminds of the racket which has swindled crores of rupees from people in the last year alone.In the past few months Kolkata Police has been receiving peculiar complaints from people that their money has been withdrawn or transferred to some unknown account. Alind Jain was one among the victims. A resident of Moradabad, he said that Rs 40,000 was withdrawn from his account and transferred to an account of private bank at Shakespeare Sarani. He suspected his e-banking password had been compromised but could not say how.Investigators were stunned when they finally unraveled the modus operandi. The scamsters used to send lucrative mails randomly across the country. The mails could be in different forms. You could get a job offer from a multinational company. Or a lottery or even a greetings. When a recipient clicked on the mail, a Trojan virus would penetrate their system.It remains dormant when the victim logs out of the mail account. When he logs back in, the virus starts copying every stroke on the keyboard and the details of the mail and sends to the mother server operated by the fraudsters.Investigators said that soon after getting the copied details, the fraudsters start monitoring the victim's mail. If he logs into his bank account online to check his balance, the racketeers get every detail, including the password. If the victim's account balance is lucrative then transfer the money to another account opened in a fictitious name.The racket was so smart that businessmen were conned into paying directly into the fraud account. For instance, if someone got a mail from his business partner for a payment, the fraudsters would spy on it and use the stolen details to send a fake mail asking that the money be deposited in such and such account.Police said that the clever fraudsters recruited scores of Indians to open account in fictitious names to conceal the direct involvement of the Nigerians. They asked the recruited youths to open as many accounts in different banks as they could. \"The foot soldiers got a cut of the amount transferred to the account. Soon after a few fraudulent transactions, the gang used to ask the account holder to shut it and open another one,\" said an officer. The racket generally used routed each fraud transaction through five to six accounts before withdrawing the money.Investigators have spotted more than 20 such accounts in Tripur, Chennai and other cities in south India.Police have sealed several accounts containing crores of rupees swindled from different people across the country India and are now looking for the victims. Felix landed in India on a student visa and later joined the fraud racket, said police. \"He was produced before a Tripur court on Thursday and will be bring to Kolkata on transit remand,\" said joint commissioner of police, crime, Damayanti Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11727802", "title": "Babla Mehta's tribute to late Mukesh", "text": "Babla Mehta, the voice behind songs like \"Tere Mere Honton Pe\", \"Tu Pyaar Hai Kissi Aur Ka\" and \"Galyat Sankali Sonyachi\", will be in Delhi for a musical performance dedicated to the legendary singer Mukesh.And the thought of coming to Delhi has brought back a lot of memories in Babla's mind, who says that he always gets emotional while performing in Delhi. \"I started my career when I was in college, and I used to do stage shows. I was popular in Delhi as the man who sings like Mukesh saab,\" shares Babla, who was born and brought up in Delhi, and used to work in a multi-national bank, before Bollywood beckoned, and he shifted base to Mumbai.The performance slated for February 5, at Siri Fort Auditorium, will also have Babla paying a tribute to Delhi through songs that he has composed, especially on the occasion of Delhi completing 100 years as the capital of India.\"That is my way of giving back to my hometown, from where I started my career. But mainly the concert is about me paying a tribute to Mukesh saab, and I will be singing his famous solos,\" says the singer, who is known in the industry for a voice that sounds similar to the late Mukesh.Babla has sung more than 250 hit songs of Mukesh, compiled in 10 solo albums, besides six duet albums. Though he takes his comparison to Mukesh as a compliment, he does add that this comparison created a hindrance in his career too, as people slotted him as 'someone who sings like Mukesh'.\"It was like a stamp on my career, and till date, I have been unable to break it. People get slotted very easily in Bollywood and I got slotted too, as 'Mukesh's voice'. No one gave me a chance to prove myself, as people were afraid to take a risk or experiment. I got a golden opportunity with Yash Chopra's \"Chandni\", when I got a chance to sing \"Tere Mere Hoton Pe\". I followed it up by singing in movies like \" Dil Hai Ki Manta Nahi\", \"Sadak\", \"Tahalka\", \"Major Saab\" and many more, but the stamp remained,\" he says and adds, \"It's also true that this stamp has helped me earn my bread and butter.\"Babla is now planning to get into music composition to further his career. \"I got a chance to compose and sing two of Atal Bihari Vajpayee's poems on the occasion of his 87th birthday celebrations. Besides this, I have been composing jingles for a few years now. So, now, I think the time is right to get into music composition,\" says the singer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734911", "title": "Chief engineer's marriage stops flying at NFC", "text": "NAGPUR: The trainees at the Nagpur Flying Club (NFC) will have a forced break of a fortnight as its only chief engineer (CE) has gone on leave for his own wedding. The club had just restarted on Republic Day after a gap of nine months as it did not have a chief flying instructor (CFI). Now, the four Cessna aircraft will be grounded again.A source at the airport informed that chief engineer Neeraj has gone on a leave and, as per Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) norms, the training aircraft cannot take off unless certified by the CE. \"The aircraft needs to be checked, repaired and maintained by a DGCA-approved CE only,\" the source said.In Neeraj's absence, the 40-odd trainee pilots will find it difficult to complete the mandatory 200 flying hours to obtain a commercial license. Students registered here hail from Gadchiroli, Chandrapur, Bhandara, Mumbai, Pune and Nagpur.A trainee pilot, requesting anonymity, said, \"The next two weeks will be a sheer waste of time. The divisional commissioner's office which manages the NFC should have deputed another CE so that flying goes on.\"Another student said that the British-era club lacks many important facilities like simulators which are necessary for training pilots. \"Moreover, there is no library, so we've to depend on the Internet and other libraries which are situated far away from the NFC,\" he said.The four Cessna's came out of the hangar on January 27 morning after the state government recruited Captain AS Salam as CFI and a few other staffers to run the show.Arun Dongre, managing director of NFC, said that teaching will not stop despite the CE's absence. \"There will be no flying only for 7 days only as Neeraj will resume duty on February 10. Until then the students will be given training in other areas and theory classes will be conducted too,\" he said.Dongre said as of now the NFC has no plans to shift its flying operations to Amravati. \"Adequate slots and timings are available at the city airport especially in afternoon now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11735571", "title": "Ruckus delays counting of votes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The counting of votes for the election of Allahabad High Court Bar Association, scheduled to begin on Thursday, could not be held as lawyers created ruckus alleging malpractice during the polling.The lawyers alleged that the returning officer had declared that 4,600 votes were cast on Wednesday but on Thursday, the number was stated to be around 5,600.A group of lawyers, some candidates and their supporters raised slogans against the returning officer and demanded cancellation of counting.Following the pandemonium in the high court bar association hall, where counting was to be held, the returning officers decided not to start counting on Thursday.The returning officers held a meeting in this connection but no decision was taken about the counting of votes or re-polling till the filing of the report.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "11733223", "title": "Accident kills three of a family", "text": "BHADRAK: Three persons of a family were killed in a road accident in Bhandaripokhari police station area in Bhadrak on Thursday morning.According to police sources, the auto-rickshaw carrying 55-year-old Prafulla Sethy, his son Laxmidhar sethy, his eight-year-old grandson Prakash Sethy and daughter-in-law Malatilata sethy of Naami village in Bhandaripokhari hit a stationary truck at Neulia Chowk, five km from Bhandaripokhari block head quarters. The accident took place at around 9 am on Thursday.While Prafulla and Prakash Sethy died on the spot, Laxmidhar succumbed to his injuries on the way to SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack. The condition of Malatilata is stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736465", "title": "In rustic environs, a walk to remember", "text": "BANGALORE: To walk in pitch dark with headlights beaming from behind, to keep an eye out for wild elephants while covering up the miles and to experience the smell and sound of rustic India - all these experiences are in store for the 65 teams that will participate in India's first trailwalk next week.The Oxfam Trailwalker will be held from February 10 to 12 between Mysore and Bangalore. It will start from Sangan at Mekadatu and end at Eagleton Golf Resort, Bangalore. Individuals in teams of four have to cover a distance of 100 km on a natural trail within a time limit of 48 hours, challenging their mental and physical strength. The organizers hope to raise Rs 1 crore for charity.As of now, 65 teams have registered . A 61-year-old UK citizen leading an all-woman team, a group of diplomats from the US consulate in Mumbai and a bunch of techies are among the many in the fray. Around 35 teams are from Bangalore. Among the others are foreigners from countries including Hong Kong, Australia and the UK.Margaret Lee, 61, is part of the team 'Jaffa cakes and jelly babies' . \"My team has two Indian women. I had wanted to rename it as 'Jaffa cake and jalebis!\" she said. Ask her how she keeps her spirit going, Lee says: \"It's all in the mind. I love walking. I walk on Goa beaches , and have travelled up to 70km. I now want to see whether I can walk at night as well.\" Lee has been practising yoga for many years now.Actor Rahul Bose and magician Ugesh Sarcar will be there too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734066", "title": "Baby saga blows the lid off flesh trade", "text": "NEW DELHI: The battered baby episode is turning murkier with each passing day. On Thursday, one more woman was arrested for allegedly forcing the 14-year-old girl - who got the battered two-year-old admitted at AIIMS - into flesh trade. The Sangam Vihar police arrested Aarti (25) from the Munirka area in south Delhi after the girl named her as one of the main accused in her statement before the Child Welfare Committee and a lady magistrate.Sources clarified that several others - part of a pan-north Indian sex racket - are under scanner for forcing the teenager into prostitution. The cops, however, did not say whether Aarti had bought the teenager from Pooja Pandey, arrested on Wednesday. Aarti, who is in a live-in relationship, had recently shifted to Munirka from the Kotla Mubarakpur area.Four persons, including the girl's father, have so far been arrested in the case. The fourth accused is Pooja's live-in partner, Sandeep, who had raped the teenager for three days at Etah in Uttar Pradesh. Pooja, a woman with her roots in the red light area of Sonagachhi in Kolkata, earlier married Sandeep's uncle but deserted him for Sandeep for a \"more secured\" life.\"Aarti was the same woman who had kept the girl with her in Munirka after the teenager was raped by Sandeep and then brought over to Tughlakabad. Pooja then pushed the girl into prostitution at small hotels in south and southwest Delhi. Like Pooja, Aarti had also tried to marry the girl off to an old man. It was here that Raj Kumar alias Dilshad met the teenager while dropping clients to these hotels and eventually took her with him to Dwarka and eventually to the guesthouse at Mahipalpur,\" claimed a source.A court sent all the four accused to three days of police remand after the cops argued that they were to investigate the role of each of them in the chain of events and whether others, too, were equally involved in the crime.The various charges against them include IPC Sections 376 (rape), 372 (selling or letting to hire a girl for prostitution), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 373 (buying or selling a minor for prostitution), 109 (abetment of any offence), and Sections 23 and 26 of the Juvenile Justice Act (for the father).Sources said Delhi Police teams, along with Mumbai Police, are still camping at various places in Mumbai in search of cab owner Dilshad. Other teams are fanning across Haryana and Rajasthan - including Udaipur, Ajmer and Jaipur. DCP (south) Chayya Sharma refused to speculate, claiming they are yet to trace him.Sources said the accused had not operated his two bank accounts, neither had he made any transactions from his ATM cards. \"We have put him under technical surveillance and the movement of some of his friends are being monitored,\" said a source.Police sources at Muzzafarpur in Bihar has confirmed that Delhi Police has questioned one Laccho Bai. Local police said this woman was not the same Munni who is believed to be the real mother of the child. Munni is also the first in the entire line of people involved with the incident.The 14-year-old girl was in news after she brought the baby to AIIMS for treatment, claiming that she was her mother. Later she alleged that her father used to physically torture her, prompting her to leave her house. It was Raj Kumar who had entrusted the girl with the baby two months ago.The arrests came following instructions from the Child Welfare Committee, which is looking into the case of the girl, that a case of cruelty and abuse be registered against her father and a separate case against four persons who allegedly sexually abused her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11735097", "title": "Miraculous escape for 12-yr-old lad in Tivim", "text": "PANAJI: A 12-year-old boy survived a fall from a second-storey building onto a concrete floor in Tivim recently and though he sustained injuries didn't require surgery.Ramchandra Murari was playing on the terrace of his neighbour's house on January 14 when he slipped.Recalls the lad's father Narayan Murari, \"Ramchandra had returned home from school and after lunch had rushed to our neighbour's house to play. Suddenly there were screams and cries from the other children and we rushed out of our house to find our son writhing in pain on the concrete floor.\"While being rushed to a Mapusa hospital, Ramchandra lost consciousness. \"We were really scared for his life,\" shudders Narayan.At the hospital, tests conducted showed Ramchandra had sustained 'a minor head injury, trauma to the chest and abdomen and internal bleeding in the abdomen due to multiple but mild liver lacerations'. The X-ray revealed 'fracture of the pelvic bone'.\"At about 11.30pm my son was shifted to the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, in a critical condition. He was admitted to the surgery ward where doctors, after examining him, informed us that he would not need surgery and could be treated with medicines,\" smiles Narayan.The doctors told the family that Ramchandra would, however, have to be admitted into the hospital for a few days and would have to be closely monitored to ensure he \"doesn't develop complications\".A team of doctors headed by surgeon Dr Rajesh Patil, after going through the test reports and on physically examining Ramchandra, decided to suture the lacerations and observe the lad.The junior doctors were asked to continuously monitor the minor and to ensure that the bleeding in the abdomen didn't increase and the patient didn't go into shock.The doctors further observed that though the pelvic bone had suffered a fracture it didn't need any surgery as there was no displacement.\"All liver injuries don't need surgery,\" explains Dr Patil, \"Mild to moderate liver laceration cases can be treated conservatively under strict observation in a hospital setting. If the patient's condition worsens, then he has to be operated.\"Ramchandra was discharged last week and doctors say he can start attending classes in a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734413", "title": "Cop among 6 held for ex-Naxal\u2019s murder", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police on Thursday said a dispute over sharing of money led to the murder of former naxalite Pushpa at Uppal recently.Announcing the arrest of six persons, including a constable of RR district police, the Uppal police said a dispute over an acre in Nanakramguda was the cause.Police said Sravan Kumar, Prabhakar, Ahmed, Ghouse, Hatiq, Kareem and Nayeem were arrested and remanded in judicial custody. During the investigation, police came to know that the dispute was between Tollywood director Teja and one Jayaram Singh.\"Jayaram Singh approached Pushpa, who in turn engaged Sravan Kumar to guard the land. She also took the help of constable Prabhakar. In the meanwhile, the court order came in favour of Jayaram\", the Uppal police said.Subsequently, Sravan Kumar and Prabhakar hatched a plan to kill her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734839", "title": "Pain management, a challenge for doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: Pain and aches may seem like trivial issues but they have become a way of life for many. The increased number of complaints that the doctors are getting these days has given rise to a separate discipline of pain management .What worries the doctors is the pain induced by lifestyle, especially among the younger population. Various aspects of managing pain and the various manifestations of pain were discussed at a conference organized by the Academy of Medical Sciences (AMS). Pain, they said, may be inevitable but suffering is optional. Using several technical advancements and the newer treatment modalities, relief from pain is easier to get in the current times.\"The number of people complaining of chronic pain has gone up tremendously. The pain induced by diseases like cancer , arthritis , neurological problems and after operations id not relieved by drugs. Sometimes, the analgesics may also result in many side-effects,\" said Dr Vivek Bhalerao, secretary of AMS. Agreed the president of the society, Dr Prakash Khetan and said that chronic pain is the most unbearable aspect of those suffering from it and affects all aspects of their lives.Management of pain has become such that all specialties of medical have to be involved in it, said anaesthesiologist Dr Chandrashekhar Cham, a member of the governing council of Indian Society for Study of Pain. \"Recently, implantable chips that can stimulate the body to relieve pain have gained popularity. Spinal cord stimulators consist of catheters that can be inserted into the spine while a thickle pump can help those suffering due to cancer,\" he informed. He ascribed the reason for the increased number of complaints of pain to the increased life span and less mobility that are hallmarks of modern way of living.Dr Laxmi Vaas, an interventional pain specialist from Mumbai, also said that everybody today has become a couch potato of some kind, not necessarily addicted to television or computer. \"Lifestyle induced pain in groups where it is not normally expected, like young professionals, is especially worrying. The huge variety of pain is also a startling phenomenon. Many times, the compensation in the stance of the body due to one kind of pain gives rise to secondary pain,\" she explained. The good thing is with increased awareness, people seek help at an earlier stage, she added. She insisted that regular stretching exercises learnt from a skilled trainer can help a lot in decreasing the incidences of pain.Many times, surgery is the only resort for relieving one of one's pain. \"These days, many young women in the child bearing age are coming in with complain of pain in the pelvic region. It is important that proper investigation is done to ascertain the cause of this pain. Surgery is the option for these women in most cases but unneeded surgeries should be avoided,\" informed Dr Adarsh Chaudhary, senior consultant at a Gurgaon based hospital. Surgeries should be used as a therapeutic measure, otherwise it can make the situation worse, he insisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734257", "title": "TRS calls for CBI probe against Lanco", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) has demanded that the CBI should take up suo moto the alleged violation by Lanco Infratech , which cornered 40% of the contracts during the first phase of the National Solar Mission garnering 235 MW worth projects with an assured revenue of Rs 13,000 crore over the next 25 years.Party politburo member Dasoju Sravan said on Thursday that the findings by the Centre for Science and Environment ( CSE) revealed the contravention of the one project-one proponent norm in the National Solar Mission. \"It is a fit case for the CBI to expose the Lanco group,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738851", "title": "Udumban in trouble", "text": "Director S Balan's Udumban, which was slated for a February 10 release after being censored with a 'U' certificate, is in trouble now.P Selvaraj, a wildlife enthusiast, has filed a case seeking a ban on the film, stating that it portrays exploitation of a monitor lizard. The film has bike racer Dilip Rogger making his debut in Kollywood.While producer Jegannathan, states that due permission was sought from the Animal Welfare Board Of India, he adds that there has been no exploitation or violence meted on the monitor lizard whatsoever.Dilip Rogger tells CT, \"I can recall that we actually used a real monitor lizard only during the first photoshoot for the film. For the rest of the film, we have used only computer graphics. So, the question of exploiting the reptile does not arise at all.\"Adds the actor, \"This film was shot in areas around Karaikudi, in a few villages about 50-60 km from there. We have heard and even seen residents of those villages hunting down monitor lizards with the help of dogs and feed on its meat. I think it is time for these activists to focus on these issues, rather than nitpick on non-issues like our film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734210", "title": "AMC begins survey of vehicles parked on roads", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), which is giving final touches to its parking policy, wants an estimate of vehicles that routinely block the city roads. It has begun a survey of commercial vehicles parked on city roads which block traffic.AMC officials said that commercial vehicles including private luxury buses, oil and water tankers were parked throughout the day on city roads. Once the findings of the survey are obtained, the civic body will take a decision as to whether to allocate a plot or impose heavy fine in the area. The AMC will introduce hefty fine for parking.The survey was ordered after the AMC found that after 5 pm, every day, there were about 10-15 private luxury buses parked on the main roads in Paldi area.The officials said this was despite the parking facilities made available in the area. The AMC has found that since parking in the plot attracted a price, luxury bus operators preferred parking their vehicles on the road.Further, it was found that in the Sabarmati area over 30-odd oil tankers were parked on the road, blocking traffic movement. Based on the experiences of Sabarmati and Paldi, AMC wants to find out the number of vehicles, especially commercial ones that were parked throughout the day on the roads.Officials said that once the findings of the survey were received by the AMC, the traffic consultant committee, which has AMC officials and the traffic officials will meet and decide how to deal with such commercial vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11736500", "title": "Student hangs self in classroom", "text": "HUBLI: A Class VIII student was found hanging in his classroom in Government Higher Primary School in Guddadaanaveri village in Ranebennur taluk on Thursday afternoon.According Ranibennur rural police, who are investigating the case, Ajjayya Hiremath hailing from Guddadaanaveri village bunked class and went to attend a relative's wedding. He came back to the school around 1 pm when all other students had gone for lunch. When his friends returned around 3 pm, they found him hanging in the classroom, police said. Suspecting foul play, his parents have filed a complaint with the Ranebennur rural police and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11735315", "title": "Centre to extend ban on SIMI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday decided to continue the ban imposed on Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) for its alleged links with certain Pakistan-based terrorist outfits including Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) and its front, Indian Mujahideen.The decision to continue the ban, first imposed in September 2001, was taken at a meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS), chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.\"The home ministry will now soon notify the extension of the ban which was supposed to have expired this month,\" said an official.SIMI was initially banned for two years after various intelligence reports showed its cadres were joining LeT and the outfit was providing logistical support in setting up 'sleeper cells' in the hinterland. Some of its members had also received training from Lashkar in Gulf countries and Pakistan before joining the Indian Mujahideen here.Though SIMI had challenged the government's move in various courts and also before the Special Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act tribunals on a number of occasions, it did not get any reprieve.\"It can again challenge the latest decision before the tribunal after the home ministry notifies the ban. The tribunal has the power to turn down the government's decision if it is not convinced of the evidence presented by the ministry,\" the official said.The outfit recently came under the spotlight when Union home ministry in January issued a 'security advisory' to Delhi and Rajasthan Police, stating that author Salman Rushdie was under grave threat from the banned group SIMI.The ministry's advisory had come just two days before the controversial author was supposed to come to India to attend the Jaipur Literature Festival from January 20 to 24. Rushdie subsequently cancelled his visit on security grounds.The one-page advisory had stated that SIMI's whose former general secretary Saquib Nachan was \"exploring the possibility of targeting Rushdie during his proposed visit\".Nachan, a key accused in the 2003 Mulund train blast case of Mumbai, is currently out of jail after being given bail by special POTA court in January last year. Nachan is considered a link between SIMI and LeT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11735347", "title": "Scrutiny of reserved category only today", "text": "NASHIK: The state election commission (SEC) issued orders late in the night on Wednesday to municipal commissioners of cities where civic polls are due that the scrutiny of reserved category candidates be carried out on February 3 rather than on February 2. The directive was issued following orders from the Election Commission (EC) of India.Officials of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) in charge of election arrangements spoke revealed this development on Wednesday after being notified by the election commission about the same.On Thursday, officials of the NMC and the returning officers conducted a day-long meeting in response to the Supreme Court's stay order on the decision of the High Court that caste certificates of the candidates will have to be scrutinized by the vigilance committee.The earlier order that was issued on January 31 said that the scrutiny of the reserved candidates should be conducted on February 2 rather than on February 1, so as to give a day's time for the verification of the caste certificates. The last date for filing nomination papers was January 31. The Bombay High Court had brought a stay on the scrutinizing process on February 1 in reciprocation to a writ petition in the HC, where the HC had ordered on January 31 that the returning officers should check the validity of the scheduled caste/scheduled tribe certificates attached with the nomination papers in accordance with an Act regarding the same.According to the orders issued on Wednesday night, the scrutiny of reserved candidates would be carried out from 1pm onwards today, that is, February 3. The orders issued to the municipal commissioners of the civic bodies said that if other candidates object to the authenticity of the caste certificates of reserved candidates, then these should be verified by the returning officers.According to Wednesday night's meeting, the candidates whose caste certificates have been objected to can submit an affidavit to prove their case. Also, if the district collector's report says that the caste certificate has been in accordance with the vigilance committee's report, then the certificate is considered authentic.If the caste certificate is not in accordance with the above two conditions, it is considered invalid. But on Thursday, the Supreme Court stayed the order of the High Court that it was not mandatory to have the vigilance committee's report and also an affidavit.From the information procured from various divisional offices throughout the city, the candidacy of around 533 aspirants would have been undecided or would have got cancelled if the SC had not brought a stay on the HC's compulsion of having the vigilance committee's report. These 533 candidates have apparently not taken the report of the vigilance committee.As a result of the delay in scrutinizing reserved category candidates, February 4 has been declared as the date of withdrawal, while on February 6, the procedure for issuing party symbols will be carried out. However, the election commission has informed that there would be no change in the poll dates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11738619", "title": "Fashion designing course for BPL girls", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The new Fashion Design College, which was inaugurated by deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan, started functioning at the Holy Cross Social Campus here to provide training to families belonging to the weaker section of the society.The college has been designated as the ATDC Fashion Designing College and follows the courses of the IGNOU Community College Training courses. Speaking on the occasion, Ranjan said that 25 girls from BPL families of different villages have been selected and admitted in this newly opened Fashion Designing College at Hazaribag. The girls who wanted to obtain training in fashion designing, particularly for designing various dresses, will be immensely benefited from this training as there was little scope for such training in places like Hazaribag. Ranjan said all of them would be provided training here free and with a monthly stipend of Rs 1,000. He said that this programme would be linked to centrally sponsored Swarna Jayanti Rojgar Yojana which is in force throughout the country.He said all the trainees, on completion of the course, will get 100% placement with reputable companies. The DC said ATDC is one of the biggest vocational training centres in the country and played a significant role in providing employment, including self-employment to lakhs of people in the country and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734707", "title": "Cases pendency in state down by 9%", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as country's judiciary is battling with huge pendency of cases, in Maharashtra pendency was reduced by nearly 9% in last one and half years. Countrywide, over 2.74 crore cases were pending in lower courts, 42.92 lakh in high courts, and 56,383 in the Supreme Court.Maharashtra can take pride in the fact that its pendency was down to 32.76 lakh as on December 31 last year compared to 41.35 lakh on June 6, 2010, statistics provided by Bombay High Court registrar general Sunil Shukre show. Thanks to initiatives like Maha Lok Adalat, where as many as four lakh cases were disposed of in two innings on February 6 and September 18 last year all over the state. Even in Nagpur district nearly 40,000 cases were settled during in the exercise.\"The initiatives taken by judiciary including alternative dispute redressal (ADR) and conducting Maha Lok Adalat has resulted in state reducing the pendency significantly,\" chief justice of Bombay High Court Mohit Shah told TOI during his recent visit to the city.In his one and half years' since June 26, 2010, 39.66 lakh cases were disposed of while 31.07 lakh new cases were filed. Among disposed of cases, 13.41 lakh were settled between July and December 2010 while another 26.24 lakh were settled in 2011. These figures include all benches of Bombay High Court, all district and session courts and other tribunals.The High Court Bar Association (HCBA) attributed this success to initiatives like Maha Lok Adalat launched by the chief justice. \"He has done a commendable job. Not just Maha Lok Adalat but also initiatives like promoting mediation had resulted in reduction of pendency,\" HCBA president Anil Mardikar said.He informed Justice Shah was particular about assigning right job to right person and that also helped. \"He had assigned civil and criminal courts' responsibilities to judges as per their expertise, experience and interests which is not easy,\" Mardikar added.District Bar Association (DBA) president Sudeep Jaiswal while lauding Justice Shah's effort stated that both bar and bench had played key role in reducing pendency. \"Certainly good efforts are made by higher judiciary but if lawyers skip hearings, it leads to adjournments. I think, all associated with judiciary have contributed immensely to the cause and citizens have benefited,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11736498", "title": "Chidambaram should quit: Venkaiah Naidu", "text": "HUBLI: Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and Rajya Sabha MP M Venkaiah Naidu on Thursday demanded the resignation of Union home minister P Chidambaram in the wake of Supreme Court order, which scrapped 122 2G licenses issued during A Raja's tenure as telecom minister.Speaking to the reporters in Hubli 0on Thursday, Naidu said, \"SC has observed that all licenses were granted in an arbitrary and unconstitutional manner and Chidambaram, who gave his nod to issue licenses should step down and resign on moral ground.\" When asked about if B S Yedyurappa be given any party positions, he said that the party would take a decision on the issue after the charges levelled against the former chief minister proved wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738446", "title": "Pritam buys Boney M's Rasputin's rights", "text": "Music composer Pritam Chakraborty has been 'inspired' by many international songs while composing tunes for Hindi films. And finally, the composer has the official remake right of Boney M's chartbuster Rasputin.Producers Illuminati Films and Eros International have decided to add the famous tune to their upcoming venture Agent Vinod. the song titled I'll Do The Talking has been sung by Neeraj Shridhar and Aditi Singh Sharma.Speaking to Mumbai Mirror about this latest addition to his Agent Vinod soundtrack, Pritam revealed, \"We have taken the rights of Boney M's Rasputin. However, our song is based more on the Serbian folk song Ruse Kose Curo Imas. Even Rasputin draws inspiration from this song. A Turkish folk song Uskudar'a Gider Iken also has the same melody. Famous Bengali poet Kazi Nazrul Islam's song Shukno Paatar Noopur Paaye is also based on this folk tune.\"Interestingly, the song Rasputin had inspired a very famous Shah Rukh Khan number earlier. The song, Sachchi Yeh Kahaani Hai about the life of a goon in Kundan Shah's 1993 film Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa was sung in a nightclub.In Agent Vinod too, the Rasputin rendition will be part of a nightclub sequence. \"In the movie, Agent Vinod goes for a investigation to a nightclub in Moscow . This song would be playing there. We decided that the song should have an universal appeal,\" informed the music composer.When contacted, Shridhar Subramaniam, the President of India and Middle East, Sony Music, said, \"The song Rasputin by legendary band Boney M has been an all time favourite. We are delighted that this song will now get a fresh lease of life. This Indian adaptation will now be a part of the much-awaited Agent Vinod. We are confident that this adaptation will top the charts just like the original did.\"The lyrics of the song penned by Amitabh Bhattacharya interestingly, has striking similarities to the evergreen hit Dum Maaro Dum. For example, a line goes: Kash Maar Ke Uda de Zindagi Ke Saare Gham. Only composers don't draw inspiration, now do they?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11736008", "title": "Authorities mulling several options to end Lalbaug nightmare", "text": "VADODARA: Commuters using Lalbaug overbridge may have to face tough times ahead. The civic body and police are mulling several options to solve the traffic issues on the bridge that is now turning a nightmare for them. On Wednesday, the city police chief decided to allow right turns on the bridge to reduce incidents of U-turns and wrong lane driving. Earlier, Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) had decided to ban right turns following representations by BJP MLA Yogesh Patel and others.Now, police plan to allow right turns only for those climbing from Vishwamitri side of the bridge. \"For some days we will allow right turns from Vishwamitri Bridge to examine traffic flow. Those climbing from Pratapnagar bridge won't be able to take right turn for now,\" said city police commissioner Satish Sharma.During discussions on the possible solutions for avoiding traffic jams on the bridge, a proposal also came up for installing traffic signals at the foot of the bridge. \"Commuters, especially, two-wheeler drivers won't be able to stop on the slope when the signal is red. So, there is a possibility of having traffic signals at the foot of the bridge that is synchronized with other signals. If commuters get green signal at the foot they would get the same signal till the other end of the bridge,\" Sharma added.Though the authorities are working out different solutions, VMC opposition leader Chinnam Gandhi refused to budge from his fast unto death stand. On Thursday, BJP MP Balkrishna Shukla, mayor Jyoti Pandya, senior BJP leader Shabdarshan Brahmbhatt and senior Congress leader Maulin Vaishnav met Gandhi to pursue him to end the fast. However, Gandhi continued with his protest. City Congress leaders too organized a 'havan' near Lalbaug bridge to protest its faulty construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11734993", "title": "Sudin quits cabinet, as MGP talks of going solo", "text": "PANAJI: Uncertainty prevails over the much-hyped alliance between BJP-MGP with MGP president Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar blaming BJP, saying the latter had not got back to the alliance proposal and that the situation is compelling MGP to go independently.Even as transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar resigned from the council of ministers on Thursday afternoon, his brother and fellow MGP MLA Pandurang disclosed plans to field 16 candidates.When contacted, BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar did not rule out the BJP-MGP alliance. He said with Ramkrishna's resignation, the main hurdle is out of the way. Though there are diffe ences on the number and location of seats demanded by MGP, anything could happen in the next 24 hours, Parsekar said. Congress leaders declined to comment on the situation.Interestingly, senior congress leader Sudhakar Reddy had said MGP was \"an understanding partner\" of the Congress.Dhavalikar sent his resignation to the office of the chief minister with a copy to the governor's office around 3.30pm. The resignation fuelled speculation that he had resigned in order to facilitate his party's alliance with the BJP. On Wednesday BJP had said that the BJP-MGP alliance talks were hindered by the \"contentious issue\" of Ramkrishna's continuing in the Congress-led government.Ramkrishna, however, told TOI after quitting that his resignation did not mean that the alliance was now formalized. He said the MGP committee negotiating the alliance with BJP, chaired by his brother, had given the MGP proposal to BJP and it was up to that party to decide on it.He said the immediate reason for his resignation is that his party has asked him to resign from the government. \"My party said that we lost four seats-Ponda, Mayem, Dhargalim and Pale-in the last assembly elections because I continued in the Congress-led government. So this time, I have resigned from the government,\" Ramkrishna said.Pandurang also told TOI that BJP had not reverted to MGP on their proposal. \"So we have decided to go independently. Our parliamentary board is sitting on Sunday to finalize the ticket allocation to our candidates,\" Pandurang, who had resigned as chairman of the Kadamba transport corporation on January 18, said.A crucial question for the MGP this time is of saving the party's lion symbol. For that the party has to secure 8% of the votes polled in the election or win at least three seats. In a bid to spread its net wide, MGP has decided to contest in 16 assembly constituencies, which include the existing constituencies of Madkaim and Priol, as well as Ponda, Shiroda, Sanvordem, Sanguem, Quepem, Pernem, Mandrem, Mayem, Aldona, Porvorim, Vasco, Mormugao and St Cruz.BJP has openly admitted that MGP wants 10 seats while it is willing to concede a maximum of five. There is also a tussle over the location of seats. For example, MGP is claiming Porvorim, which BJP wants for itself.Pandurang said MGP is sure to retain its two existing seats and has high hopes in five others seats. These include Ponda (candidate Lavu Mamledar), Mayem (Milind Pilgaonkar), Quepem (Prakash Arjun Velip), Pernem (two possible candidates including Vithu Morajkar) and Sanvordem, where it is finalizing the candidate.The BJP-MGP alliance could deal a lethal blow to Congress in a few places especially Ponda with analysts reminding that in the last assembly elections, BJP and MGP together polled more than Congress candidate Ravi Naik. If the alliance happens this time, the home minister could go home, analysts say.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738825", "title": "Kollywood: Of demand and supply", "text": "The ongoing battle in Kollywood has affected many first-timers in the industryWhile the producers and directors may battle it out regarding increased wages for Kollywood technicians, the demands put forth by director Ameer has got many first-time producers in shock.With a minimum tab on the gross salaries and daily wages of directors and their team, producers seem to think the demands are quite absurd. The new demands state that the directors should get a minimum remuneration of Rs 10 lakh and daily wages of Rs 1,000.The demands for associate and assistant directors are also in similar fashion. A first-time producer, who's currently readying up for his film's release, is rather miffed on the stress this puts their pockets into. \"Considering most films are shot outside Chennai, how can they demand wages that are almost twice as much as they are getting now,\" says one such producer on the basis of anonymity.While similar such strikes have taken place in other film industries in recent times, these producers say that the demands are not as big and the settlements have been for a reasonable 30 per cent increase. Another first-time producer, Kalki Yuva (of the Seeman-starrer Kandupidi Kandupidi), buys the argument that filmmakers are putting in all their effort and hence deserve the money.But, he questions, \"Even if we agree and give these increased wages, will this mean that the director and his team will return our money back in case the film doesn't do well and we incur losses?\" While the debate over who deserves the cake seems to be going nowhere and battle stretching into its second week, the losses suffered by first time makers seem to be the bigger bone of contention.Take the example of the crew of Maalai Pozhithin Mayakathile, which is being made by a new team with new faces. A source from the unit says, \"We had our song shoot scheduled to start from last Monday (January 23) in Pondicherry. The strike began from the same day and most of the union workers decided to leave. Our team went ahead and shot what we could, since this was a long-planned schedule to no avail. The inexperienced workers didn't help our cause as we've not completely finished the schedule and we'd have to complete the missing portions sometime again.\"With so much of money talk headed nowhere and many young and new producers stuck with their schedules, wonder if this battle between the bigwigs will shift focus to the plight of these underdogs.THE UNION'S DEMANDS DIRECTORA minimum salary of 10 lakh per filmDaily wages of 1000Outstation wages of 1200 ASSOCIATE DIRECTORA minimum salary of 5 lakh per filmDaily wages of 500Outstation wages of 750 ASSISTANT DIRECTORA minimum salary of 3 lakh per filmDaily wages of 300Outstation wages of 500", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11737084", "title": "Malaria toll 46 times govt count: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Malaria deaths in India could be more than 40 times higher that what is presently estimated.New research published in the Lancet shows that malaria kills 1.2 million people worldwide each year - twice as high as the figure in the World Malaria Report, 2011.In India, the study estimates that \"4800 malaria deaths in children younger than 5 years and 42000 malaria deaths in those aged 5 years or older,\" for the year 2010 as against \"19, 000 malaria deaths in children younger than five years and 87,000 malaria deaths in those aged five years or older in 2002.\"This means malaria killed an estimated 46,800 Indians in 2010. However, the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme estimates that 1,023 people died of malaria infection in 2010.On how it arrived at the figure, the study said \"In our analysis for India, we include all available sources of data for malaria mortality. We include data from the Sample Registration Scheme of the National Family Health Survey and the Sample Registration Scheme, both of which record high rates of malaria mortality. We also include findings from the Survey of Causes of Death from 1980 to 1990 and the Medical Certification of Causes of Death from 1990 to 2004.\"The study makes another interesting finding. While many believe most malaria deaths occur in young children (under 5 years), this study shows that close to half of all deaths (42%) occur in older children and adults globally. Malaria deaths in individuals aged 15-49 years, 50-69 years, and 70 years or older account for 20%, 9%, and 6% of malaria deaths in 2010, respectively (over a third of all deaths occur in adults).The proportion of malaria deaths in adults in each country examined was almost always more than 40%.For the Lancet study, Prof Christopher Murray from the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation, University of Washington , collected all available data for malaria mortality from 1980 to 2010.The authors found that, compared with the World Malaria Report, 2011, their estimates of deaths were 1.3 times higher for children younger than five years in Africa, 8.1 times higher for those aged five years or older in Africa, and 1.8 times higher for individuals of all ages outside of Africa.Crucially, 4.3 lakh more deaths occurred worldwide in individuals aged five years or older in 2010 than was suggested by WHO estimates (5.24 lakhs against 91,000).However, they add that more malaria mortality also means that short-term goals - the reduction of malaria deaths to zero by 2015 - might be unrealistic.The authors say: \"We estimated that if decreases from the peak year of 2004 continue, malaria mortality will decrease to less than 100, 000 deaths only after 2020.\"According to the recent World Malaria report 2011, over 70% of India's population - 100.41 crore face the risk of malaria infection. Around 31 crore people however face the \"highest risk\" of getting infected by the vector-borne disease.India has over 10 crore suspected malaria cases, but only 15.9 lakh could be confirmed in 2010. Of the confirmed cases, 8.3 lakh people were infected by plasmodium falciparum while 7.6 lakh people were infected with Plasmodium Vivax.How many people exactly die of malaria in India is still a mystery. This is why the ministry had formed a 16-member expert group under the chairmanship of Dr Padam Singh, former additional director general of the Indian Council of Medical Research to estimate the country's exact malaria deaths.A ministry official said, \"At present the malaria mortality figures quoted by the NVBDCP are those cases which are microscopically confirmed.\"The official added \"The expert committee, which has experts from the ministry, WHO, ICMR and the National Institute of Medical Statistics is developing a mathematical formula to assess the country's actual malaria death burden.\"Experts felt the need to clearly define \"clinical malaria, probable malaria and confirmed malaria cases so as to avoid any bias in recording/reporting of malaria morbidity and mortality. The directorate is at present striving to come out with some acceptable model for estimation of malaria deaths. If need be, some operational research can be incorporated in the programme.\"Professor Prabhat Jha , who earlier estimated India's malaria deaths to be much higher, had said \"WHO only counts patients who tested positive for malaria at a hospital setting. We conducted direct interviews with those who died of symptoms closely resembling to malaria like high fever and shivering but didn't get a blood test done. We found that 4% of all deaths in India in the age group 1-70 years were due to malaria,\" Jha had said.He had added, \"WHO's methodology is flawed because most of those who reach a hospital with malaria do get treated. Those who die are the ones who don't reach a hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11735150", "title": "BJP uses SC bombshell to target PM, Sonia, Rahul", "text": "NEW DELHI: No sooner had the Supreme Court cancelled the 121 telecom licenses, the main opposition BJP, ambushed the government, demanding not just the resignation of home minister P Chidambaram in the 2G case but also attacking PM Manmohan Singh , UPA chief Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi for their \"conspicuous'' silence.The party wanted Singh to accept responsibility for turning a blind eye to the manner in which former telecom minister A Raja allotted these licences as the process was described by the SC as \"unconstitutional'' and \"arbitrary''.Aware that Congress may try to wriggle out of the predicament it finds itself in ahead of UP polls by separating itself from Raja, BJP invoked the principle of collective responsibility to deny the government any escape route. While leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley described the order as demolishing the credibility of the entire decision-making process of the UPA, party spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said the government had to held accountable.\"We would like to ask the PM if he is now going to take some action against Chidambaram or if he will continue to defend him. As the senior-most leader, will not Sonia Gandhi break her silence on the scam now,'' Prasad said, adding that both Singh and Chidambaram had defended what was the biggest scam in independent India.The party did seem taken aback though by the counter-attack launched by telecom minister Kapil Sibal who, instead of sounding defensive over the verdict, actually described it as an indictment of the NDA government as the SC had rebuffed the first-come-first-served policy it had launched in 2003 for spectrum allocation. Sibal went ahead and even sought an apology from NDA for attacking Chidambaram claiming that the verdict said Raja had ignored \"good advice'' from the finance ministry.In a hurriedly called press conference after Sibal spoke, Prasad attacked the telecom minister for describing the order as an indictment of NDA government saying that the issue was not about policy but \"manipulation of policy''. He cited the PM's letter to Raja in November 2007, in which Singh asked Raja not to take any action on allocation without informing him, and other communication between the two to prove that the PM was completely in the know of what was happening.Reiterating the demand for a probe into Chidambaram's role, Prasad said despite a senior official of the department of economic affairs stating that auction was the best way to move forward, the former finance minister wrote to the PM on January 15, 2008 saying there was no need to have a relook at the spectrum already allocated.\"Why did the prime minister keep quiet when the cut-off date was changed and favoured operators were only allowed to enter Sanchar Bhawan and others were kept out forcibly,'' asked Prasad.``Sibal should have done his homework but he has instead decided to run away from reality,'' he added.The party also said that after the controversy over the appointment of P J Thomas as CVC and the issue of prosecution sanction in 2G case, the quashing of licences by the apex court is the third issue on which the role of PMO has been criticised.\"The decision has smashed the PM's theory that past practices were followed...The SC decision also smashes the theory of telecom minister Kapil Sibal that there was 'zero loss' in 2G allocation,\" Jaitley said in Lucknow.He said Chidambaram had given consent to the 2G allocation and all those involved in the issuance of licences were answerable not only politically and morally but legally also. \"Chidambaram himself must consider his continuance as home minister as untenable,\" he said.\"The CBI has elaborately argued for days together that the role of Chidambaram need not be investigated. Therefore, the upfront of today's order is that his role has to be investigated,\" added Prasad.Until now, completely against the run of the play in national politics, it was Congress which was doing all the talking on corruption in UP. That Congress does not want to concede any ground to BJP was evident in Sibal's attack on the saffron party whose position on corruption was compromised after it decided to induct tainted and sacked BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha.Left demands Sibal's resignationThe Communist Party of India (Marxist) welcomed the Supreme Court judgment cancelling the 122 2G licences. It demanded that current telecom minister Kapil Sibal resign as he had consistently refused to cancel the licences and held that there has been no revenue loss. The left party said in a statement \"the Prime Minister is duty bound to break his silence and answer to the country\".Senior CPI(M) leader Nilotpal Basu said, \"The Prime Minister, who is known as a paragon of virtue, will have to take a call on the fallout of the judgement which has called the bluff on the government's claims on the 2G scam .\"Brinda Karat said it was a \"strong indictment\" of the government and of those \"who had argued that illegal and unconstitutional steps taken by the government be defended in the name of increasing investments by corporates and multinationals in India\".CPI general secretary A B Bardhan targeted P Chidambaram. He said it was Chidambram's job as the then Finance Minister \"to prevent irregularities. He has no right to look away. There is criminal culpability.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "11733363", "title": "Candidate found dead in Balangir", "text": "BALANGIR: A youth, who was contesting for a ward member's post in Bairasar gram panchayat in Balangir's Sadar police station area, was killed late on Wednesday night. He was found dead on a road side near his native village, Thapapali.The deceased has been identified as Ekadasia Majhi (33). After a complaint was lodged in the local police station, four persons, two prime accused and two suspects, were arrested. The accused are Gopal Thapa and Debendra Thapa.IIC (Sadar) Deepak Jena said, \"There was a sharp cut on his nec. We are yet to trace the murder weapon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734539", "title": "Cops recover Rs 7L, car from men who duped model", "text": "MUMBAI: The Borivali police have recovered a car and Rs 7 lakh in cash from two men who were arrested earlier this month for defrauding model Anupama Verma. The accused, Rakesh Vishwakarma and Nitin Sharma, were former employees at a leading private bank where Verma held an account. The duo applied for a debit card in her name and withdrew Rs 17 lakh from her account. Verma realized the fraud when a cheque, issued by her from the account, got dishonoured twice.\"Vishwakarma was remanded to judicial custody by a metropolitan court. Sharma is still in police custody,\" said senior inspector Bhagwan Chate. Incidentally, Verma is yet to record her statement with the police. The private bank, where she held an account, is a complainant in the case and have compensated her with the entire amount. Verma was recently seen as a contestant on a television reality show.The accused-duo worked at the bank's Nariman Point branch in 2010 when Verma opened an account. She later travelled overseas and was unable to check her account for many months. The accused-duo found out that she had received a debit card but hadn't activated it. They then applied for another card in Verma's name, on the pretext that the previous one had gone missing. After quitting their jobs, the duo withdrew Rs 17 lakh from her account through various ATMs in Borivali. Their images were captured on closed-circuit cameras in the ATMs which helped the cops to trace them.\"We recovered a Maruti Suzuki Dzire, worth Rs 5 lakh, from the accused. They intended to repay a loan and had retained Rs 7 lakh from the conned sum into their accounts which have been freezed by our officers,\" Chate said.The Borivali police are also trying to find out whether any other present or past bank officials are involved in the matter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11735495", "title": "Students post notes on the web wall", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Central Board of Secondary Education and Indian Certificate of Secondary Education board exams approaching, the consequent queries and worries of classes X and XII students are finding a way on social networking sites.From sharing notes to finding a solution to their subject-related problems, the sites are helping them in many ways. To get study tips, some students post queries like, \"I am unable to finish my syllabus, what should I do?\" and \"Help me concentrate and deal with stress\" among others.Reema Saini, a Class XII non-medical student, said, \"I usually get stuck with mathematical problems, so I post these on Facebook. Then, my friends and at times my tuition teachers solve.\"There are others who fix a time to meet online at night and then study together. Sonam Bakshi of class XII said, \"On holidays, six of my friends and I study in a group. But as school and tuitions keep us busy on week days, we get together online through Facebook, gtalk or Skype to study... and at times we turn on webcam too. We meet at 9.30pm or 10pm, decide on the subject and chapter, sometimes divide the content among seven of us and then study for an hour or two. In the end, we share what we studied. We remain logged in, so that if anyone gets stuck, others can help.\" While studying hard, they do not forget to thank these sites' founders. \"There is hardly a day when we do not thank Mark Zuckerberg and others for providing us these blessings. After all, their sites have answers to all our queries,\" smiled Prashant Diwan of Class X.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734201", "title": "Fissures appear in NGOs supporting riot-hit Muslims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ten years down the line, a rift seems to have appeared among NGOs supporting Muslims in Gujarat, affected by the 2002 post-Godhra riots. Some of them are uncomfortable over a Muslim organization with strong religious leanings being included in the alliance.The tension started as the NGOs started preparing for a 10-day event to share experiences of their work in relief, rehabilitation and the legal battle for victims. With differences not being resolved, some of them backed out of the event, saying they could not share platform with Islamic Relief Committee (IRC), which is associated with a religious outfit - Jamat-e-Islami Hind.The first NGO to express reservations was Act Now for Harmony and Democracy (ANHAD) led by Delhi-based social activist Shabnam Hashmi. She decided not to participate in the meeting held earlier this week. Hashmi withdrew stating she could not share a platform with a 'non-secular' group like IRC. \"We do not share platform with its parent organization. We are fighting for minority rights, but this does not mean that we should work with groups having fascist and fundamental ideology. I am fighting for a secular India,\" she said.Hashmi's view was echoed during the meet when Gaurang Rawal of another NGO 'Sauhard' dubbed inclusion of the religious outfit as 'a wrong practice'. \"When we are planning to mark the 10th anniversary of Gujarat carnage to combat communalism, how could we include such organizations as fellow travellers? Have we forgotten their stands on communalism, gender issues, Taslima, Salman Rushdie , their fatwas and many more? Or we consider their ideology as secular ideology,\" he questioned.This idea had supporters in social activists like Hiren Gandhi, Swarup Dhruv and Rohit Prajapati, but they did not agree on the aspect of exclusion. Giving due credit to IRC for its relief and rehabilitation work in Gujarat, they stated, \"This is not the right time to discuss who is more secular and who is less secular or non-secular. This further does not mean that we will at some point of time tie up with Hindutvavaadi forces.\"IRC chairman Dr Shakeel Ahmed told TOI, \"Organizations like ANHAD entered the scene much later and there is no considerable work done by them in Gujarat. Jamat is a religious organization, but definitely not a communal one. There could be a difference in ideology. All NGOs have their own ideology, but we never object to it.\"IRC chief said he would try to persuade those NGOs that have expressed reservations to join them in the event. \"It is unfortunate that this process of isolation has started, for the more you are isolated, the sooner you will fall victim to the state government and antagonist forces,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734895", "title": "AIEEE candidates can select exam date up to Feb 7", "text": "NAGPUR: All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) 2012 candidates who have opted for the online version have been time till February 7 to select their exam date. The deadline for selecting the date was January 31 but CBSE decided to extend it by another week. The AIEEE online version will be held on selected days between May 7 - 26 and candidates are allowed to choose their own day.Nagpur is a fully online centre for AIEEE and the exam will be held here on May 7, 12, 19 and 26. It will be held twice daily with the first shift being from 9 am to 12 noon and second from 2 pm to 5 pm. The choice of both exam date and shift is on a first-come-first served basis. Candidates who fail to select a exam date will be randomly allotted one by the board. A statement by the CBSE mentioned that later \"no change in the date of examination will be entertained.\"In Maharashtra, Nagpur and Mumbai are the only two cities conducting the exam online. The nearest offline centre from Nagpur is Amravati. The offline exam will be conducted just once on April 29. In online version, the papers will have similar difficulty level each day. Segregating students over a period of three weeks will lessen infrastructure requirement.In 2011, less than 1% of the approximately 11 lakh candidates took the online test. To encourage participation in online exam, a number of incentives are being given. There will be discount up to Rs 350 in the fee. Also a mock test software has been uploaded on the CBSE website so that students can get the feel of the test.Yet another change is the way examination forms would be processed. No physical forms were sold anywhere in the country. The forms were submitted online only and payment made through credit/debit card or a demand draft. This enabled students to submit their forms 24/7 online from home or an internet cafe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734170", "title": "Governor unhappy with CM\u2019s choice", "text": "HYDERABAD: Governor ESL Narasimhan has withheld his assent on the files pertaining to the appointment of eight information commissioners as the Congress high command has advised him to do so, highly-placed sources said.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy had, in the presence of deputy chief minister Damodar Raja Narasimha and opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu, two days ago cleared the names of Imtiyaz Ahmed (retired district judge), M Ratan (serving IPS officer), M Prabhakar Reddy (former Cyberabad police commissioner), L Tantia Kumari, M Vijaya Nirmala, Varre Venkeshwarlu (social workers), P Vijaya Babu (senior journalist) and C Madhukar Raj (former forest service officer) for appointment to these posts.Even as the Congress high command expressed its displeasure over the choice of nominees, RTI activists threatened an agitation over what they describe as political appointments.The Congress high command has reportedly summoned the CM to New Delhi to explain the rationale behind accommodating candidates of opposition leader Naidu and Congress leader Chiranjeevi without keeping in mind the interests of the RTI act.Sources said that AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel spoke to the CM and informed him that 'Madam' was not happy with the controversy. Such being the case, a top Congress high command functionary telephoned the Governor and requested him to put on hold his approval to the appointments.As per Section 15.6 of the RTI Act, 2005: \"The State Chief Information Commissioner or a State Information Commissioner shall not be a member of Parliament or member of the legislature of any state or union territory or hold any office of profit or be connected with any political party or be carrying on any business or pursuing any profession.\"But four of those selected by the committee either have political affiliations or pursue some profession or hold an office of profit.Muttamsetti Vijaya Nirmala owns a private educational institute and ran as the Praja Rajyam candidate in the 2009 elections from Nuzivudu constituency. Another nominee, Lam Tantia Kumari, is a Congress ZPTC in Krishna district and contested on a Congress ticket in 2009. Her family found itself in trouble following the Ayesh Begum murder in 2008.Varre Venkateshwarlu is an active Congress politician and presently holds a PCC post. Although he was selected in the social work category, he is more well-known as a Congress face.Imtiyaz Ahmad had contested against Kiran Kumar Reddy on a TDP ticket from Pileru. He later joined Congress and has now been rewarded with the information commissioner's post.As regards M Ratan, he is a serving additional director general who has not resigned his post.He has to submit his resignation which has to be approved by the government.His wife, too, is an IAS officer and that might lead to a conflict of interest with his role as information commissioner. After going through all the information, the Governor expressed his displeasure and is learnt to have decided against giving his assent to the appointments. But he is waiting to see how the CM defends the nominees before the Congress high command. According to sources close to him, he is all set to return the file with his observations in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735712", "title": "Justice Pradeep Kant retires", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior judge of the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court Justice Pradeep Kant retired on Thursday after he turned 62. He was elevated as a judge in 1999. In 2007, he was appointed as a senior judge. Justice Kant was born in 1950, and did his primary education from Lucknow's Christ Church College. He completed his graduation in law from Lucknow University and joined legal practice under UC Srivastava, who too had been senior judge of the bench. Justice Kant had expertise in constitutional, service, civil, revenue and company matters.On Thursday, a reference was held in the Chief Justice's court room as a farewell to Justice Kant. Justice Uma Nath Singh, Justice Abdul Mateen, Oudh Bar Association president Anil Kumar , government advocate Mahendra Pratap spoke high of Justice Kant's contribution to the Lucknow bench. The lawyers however, were concerned that a judge to the calibre of Justice Kant should have been elevated as the Chief Justice and Supreme Court judge, which could not happen. Justice Kant thanked the lawyers, who had jam-packed the court in his honour and also gave good wishes to Justice Uma Nath Singh for taking over as the senior judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734369", "title": "2G scam: Supreme Court details how Raja ignored all to help cronies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The SC order said quite clearly that then telecom minister A Raja \"wanted to favour some companies at the cost of the public exchequer\" and lists seven steps he took to ensure this happened. Here are the steps as the SC saw them:1. After taking over as telecom minister, Raja directed that all applications received for UAS licences should be kept pending till receipt of the Trai's recommendations2. The recommendations made by Trai on August 28, 2007, were not placed before the full Telecom Commission which would have included the finance secretary. The notice of the meeting of the Telecom Commission was not given to any of the non-permanent members though Trai's recommendations for allocation of 2G spectrum had serious financial implications and it was therefore necessary for DoT to take the finance ministry's opinion under the Government of India (Transaction of Business) Rules, 1961.3. The DoT officers who attended the Telecom Commission meeting held on October 10, 2007, had no choice but to approve Trai's recommendations, since they would otherwise have \"incurred\" Raja's \"wrath\".4. Since Cabinet had approved recommendations made by the Group of Ministers, the DoT had to discuss the issue of spectrum pricing with the finance ministry. But, since Raja knew that the finance secretary had objected to the allocation of 2G spectrum at rates fixed in 2001, he did not consult the finance minister or other officials.5. Raja brushed aside the law minister's suggestion that the matter should be placed before the empowered group of ministers. Also, within hours of the receipt of the suggestion made by the PM in his letter dated November 2, 2007, that keeping in view the inadequacy of spectrum, transparency and fairness should be maintained in allocation of the spectrum, Raja rejected it saying that it would be unfair, discriminatory, arbitrary and capricious to auction spectrum to new applicants because it would not give them a level-playing field. He also introduced a cut-off date of September 25, 2007, for considering applications though only the previous day a DoT press release had said October 1, 2007, would be the last date. This arbitrary action of Raja \"though appears to be innocuous was actually intended to benefit some of the real estate firms who did not have any experience in dealing with telecom services and who had made applications only on 24.9.2007, i.e. one day before the cut-off date fixed by the C&IT; minister on his own\".6. The cut-off date of September 25, 2007, decided by Raja on November 2, 2007, was not made public till January 10, 2008, and the first-come-first-served principle followed since 2003 was changed by him at the last moment through a press release dated January 10, 2008. \"This enabled some of the applicants, who had access either to the minister or DoT officers, get bank drafts prepared towards performance guarantee of about Rs 1,600 crore\".7. \"The manner in which the exercise for grant of LoIs to the applicants was conducted on 10.1.2008 leaves no room for doubt that everything was stage managed to favour those who were able to know in advance change in the implementation of the first-come-first-served polcy.\" As a result, some firms which had submitted applications in 2004 or 2006 were pushed down in the priority and those who had applied between August and September 2007 succeeded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11732735", "title": "US asks citizens to avoid gatherings in Pakistan", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US on Thursday issued a travel advisory, warning its citizens about the risks while travelling to Pakistan in view of recent developments and tension in US-Pak ties in the aftermath of NATO raid that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers.Replacing its previous travel warning dated April 8, 2011, the State Department today asked its citizens to avoid protests and large gatherings which are happening in Pakistan after the November 26 cross-border fire.\"There have been widespread demonstrations and large political rallies condemning drone strikes and Pakistan's ongoing energy crisis.\"These protests are likely to continue. US citizens in Pakistan are strongly urged to avoid protests and large gatherings,\" it said.The State Department said presence of al-Qaida, Taliban elements, and indigenous militant sectarian groups poses a potential danger to US citizens throughout Pakistan.Terrorists regularly attack civilians, government, and foreign targets, it said.\"Threat reporting indicates terrorist groups continue to seek opportunities to attack locations where US citizens and Westerners are known to congregate or visit, such as shopping areas, hotels, clubs and restaurants, places of worship, schools, and outdoor recreation events,\" it said.\"Terrorists have disguised themselves as Pakistani security personnel to gain access to targeted areas. Some media reports have falsely identified US diplomats - and to a lesser extent US and other Western journalists and non-governmental organisation workers - as being intelligence operatives or private security personnel,\" the travel alert said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734394", "title": "Cheap rent, yet shopkeepers refuse to pay GHMC", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), which is struggling to enhance the rents of its shops at municipal markets and complexes, is not able to collect even meagre rents from shopkeepers. The corporation has to get over Rs seven crore per annum from traders, but could collect just Rs 2.91 crore this fiscal so far.The civic body has 18 municipal complexes (685 shops) and 24 municipal markets (2,285 shops) in the city. The corporation has to get Rs 6.8 crore towards rents from shopkeepers in municipal markets and another Rs 40 lakh from traders at municipal markets.The GHMC has been getting meagre rents from traders as the rates were fixed a few decades ago. For instance, rents of shops at some municipal markets are less than Rs 100 as the lease agreements were executed several decades ago.At some municipal complexes like Hari Hara Kala Bhavan, the rents were revised a couple of years ago, but at complexes like Chilkalguda and markets, rents were left untouched. Local corporators have been against enhancement of rent. Some lease-holders have sub-leased the shops and have been earning rent as per market rates.\"Whenever the corporation serves notices on traders, the local corporators put pressure on authorities not to insist on the revised rents as they are petty traders and small businessmen,\" an official of the corporation said.Officials said over Rs 6.81 crore rent arrears have to be collected from 685 shops located in municipal complexes in Abids, Putli Bowli, Koti subway, Buddha Bhavan, Khairatabad, Koti municipal building, Habsiguda and Beerappagadda for the past few years. Nearly Rs two crore is due from occupants of Buddha Bhavan and Rs 1.26 crore rent arrears from Sultan Bazaar complex shopkeepers.With regard to municipal markets, the GHMC authorities have to get over Rs 40 lakh rent from traders at 24 municipal markets such as Nacharam vegetable market, Begum Bazaar, Punjagutta, Chikkadpally, Mangalhat market, Malakpet market, Old Jail market and new Bhoiguda market. Traders of Monda Market, Secunderabad, where about 377 shops are located, have dues of about Rs 5.9 lakh for the past few years. Sources said some traders have not paid rent for the past 15 years.Earlier, market inspectors had not bothered to collect rent from shopkeepers and several files pertaining to lease agreements went missing.The GHMC had planned to demolish old markets and develop them with sufficient parking provision, but the project could not take off as there was no response from builders as they were proposed under the public private partnership (PPP) mode.\"Now, the corporation is planning to develop markets located in prime areas like Punjagutta and Ameerpet under the PPP mode,\" an additional commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11737783", "title": "Dog leads Maoists to safety from police", "text": "BHOPAL: A trained country dog, accompanying Maoists from Maharashtra, helped them to escape from a police ambush on Wednesday at Ghagra village in Madhya Pradesh's Balaghat district, and cross over to Chhattisgarh.When the naxals of Gadchiroli were moving towards Chhattisgarh, they fired at the state anti-naxal police - Hawk Force -- waiting to ambush them and there was an exchange of fire, Balaghat Inspector General of Police (IGP) UR Netam said.Acting on a tip off that a meeting of naxals of Davari Dalam of Gadchiroli in Maharashtra, was taking place at Lodhiwara village, close to Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra border, Hawk Force personnel rushed to Ghagra village - a transit route to Chhattisgarh last night. The police party waited the whole night in the thick of the forest to ambush naxal dalam, comprising three women, the red terror MP's district IGP said.At dawn, the naxals moved to Ghagra but before the police could trap them, their dog sniffed danger and barked at the law enforcers hiding in the thick forest. Sensing trouble, naxals escaped, firing at the police leading to the exchange of fire, police said.After the firing, naxals sneaked into Chhattisgarh, police source said adding that they held meeting at Lodhiwara to chalk out a plan to carry out some attack in the state, fruited out of MP.Lodhiwara village has been abandoned by villagers some years back after frequent movements of naxals in this remote place, some 55 km from district headquarters. Now, this village, close to Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra - is being frequented by naxals of MP and the neighbouring states for meeting and holding camps, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11735378", "title": "Garbage collection biggest issue in Gandharvanagri", "text": "NASHIK: The residents of ward no. 73 are a content lot, barring the persistent problem of garbage and stray dogs. Residents of the ward, which stretches from Gandharvanagri to Mahajan Hospital on Jail Road, said that the basic infrastructure in the area is well-developed, with decent roads, water supply and streetlights, but all this gets dwarfed by the persistent problem of garbage throughout the ward. Stray dogs are another problem that the residents have to deal with.Madhavi Phadke, a senior citizen resident of Gandharvanagri, said, \"The entire stretch of road always has garbage on either side. Garbage vans do come here but they do not lift garbage from the roadside. No sanitation workers come here to clean the roads.\" She added that school and junior college students bunk classes to while away their time at the 800m jogging track.\"We have minimized this issue to a large extent by constantly pursuing it with the concerned people of the track. But we have not been able to get rid of it completely,\" she said.Residents of Malang Society in this ward had the same grievance of garbage in the open.Outgoing corporator of the ward, Sambhaji Moruskar ( Bharatiya Janata Party ) said that two garbage vans come regularly to this ward. \"But in some places, like the Utsav Mangal Karyalaya, the problem is not due to the absence of garbage vans, but about the lack of discipline among people. We are trying our best to solve this problem,\" he said, adding that sanitation workers do sweep the streets. Residents disagree saying they have never seen anyone sweeping the roads.The entire ward has many stray dogs and they come out in large numbers during the evenings, said the residents. Balkrishna Pund, a local general store owner, said, \"We have complained many times but the municipal van in which stray dogs are taken to the dog sterilization centre hardly come here, and even if they do, the employees are unable to lift even a single dog. It is common sense that if the dogs had been taken for sterilization then eventually their numbers would reduce. But that has not happened. Also, if the dogs were sterilized then their ears would be marked, which also cannot be seen,\" he said.Moruskar said that nothing much can be done to get rid of the dogs. \"The NMC has carried out sterilization programmes and taken have taken the dogs away many times, but they keep coming back to their area,\" he said. Residents refuted these claims saying that if the dogs were picked up and dropped back here after sterilization, their numbers would remain the same instead of going up.Residents of the Sanjay Gandhi slum complained of the concrete road stretching between their dwellings and the wall of the security press. \"It is difficult for us to commute to the main roads from here since repair work is going on. But, the road was not in a good condition earlier as well,\" said the slumdwellers.Moruskar said that roads in the slum area were repaired and that the repair of the road touching the wall of the press is underway. Some residents near Mahajan hospital, Jail Road, complained of shops encroaching on the footpaths, but Moruskar explained that those shops existed as per the rules before the road was expanded and that is why they have been authorized and granted zero margin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738823", "title": "Jackie Shroff joins Kochadaiyaan", "text": "The Bollywood actor is the latest to join the long list of artists in the Rajini filmHis performance in Aaranya Kaandam was much appreciated and now, Jackie Shroff is all set to dazzle in another Tamil film. It's none other than the Rajini film Kochadaiyaan! The film, which is in the news for its star-studded cast, added the versatile Bollywood star to its team.Confirming the news, Soundarya Rajinikanth - who is overseeing the project - said, \"Yes, Jackie is playing an important role in the film. He was in Chennai a couple of days ago and we have started production work with him.\" The film, which will most likely have Bollywood actress Katrina as its female lead, already has Sarath Kumar, Aadhi, Nasser and Shobana in vital roles.This is not the first time that Jackie is sharing screenspace with Rajinikanth - the two starred in the Hindi flick Uttar Dakshin. It is said that the two are close friends and that Rajinikanth even went to attend Jackie's marriage in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736178", "title": "Abused girl to decide her future", "text": "MUMBAI: At Sion Hospital, Rajesh Thakur spent the better part of Thursday keeping vigil over his seven-year-old niece, who had allegedly been tortured by her stepmother and branded with hot spoons all over her body. The torture, which the girl endured for at least two months, came to light on Tuesday when-covered with blisters-she escaped to a nieghbour's house for help. While his brother, the girl's father Sujit, was at court, Rajesh said he wanted to ensure that his niece is not sent back to the house where she was ill-treated. The good news is that the girl may get the opportunity to decide who she'd like to life with, said deputy commissioner of Police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni. \"The Child Welfare Committee (CWC) will listen to her suggestions before deciding what's best for her,\" he said.The accused stepmother Aarti Thakur was produced before the court on Thursday, but released on bail. In her statement to the police the victim said: \"My stepmother used to gag me before assaulting me. On Tuesday evening she singed my body with hot spoons and assaulted my private parts with bamboo sticks. I was staying with my grandparents after my mother's death. My father brought me to Mumbai (from Bihar) to get enrolled in a school. But I was forced to do household work and was even kept hungry sometimes.\"The authorities suspect that Sujit, a carpenter by profession, was aware that his second wife-her remarried after the girl's mother passed awaty-had been torturing his daughter. \"After the probe, we will decide what action can be taken against the father for his act of negligence,\" said Kulkarni. Police sources said that when questioned Sujit said: \"I was aware that my wife tortured my daughter. I scolded her on a few occasions, but she did not listen to me.\"Every day, Sujit would go to work leaving his daughter from his marriage Aarti's care. He also had two daughters with Aarti. \"There are burn marks made with a spoon all over her body including her private parts. Her father brought her from Bihar two months ago on the pretext of getting her admitted into a school. But in Mumbai she was forced to do the household chores and was tortured every day,\" said Dharavi police senior inspector AS Survegandha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738584", "title": "Award for Priti Patel,Tansuree Shankar", "text": "Priti Patel and Tansuree Shankar have bagged the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 2011.Says Priiti, \"This is extremely prestigious for me. While I've got the award for Manipuri dance, Tanusree Shankar has got the award for creative and experimental choreography. The Tagore Akademi Ratna has also been introduced. Buddhadeb Dasgupta, Rudraprasad Sengupta, Amala Shankar, Soumitra Sen and Arghya Sen have been given this award. The Tagore Akademi Ratna for 2011 has been given to Devjani Chaliha, Sumitra Sen and Amiya Ranjan Banerjee.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "barabanki", "code": "11735381", "title": "Left at mercy of saints and gods", "text": "Barabanki: The land of Dewa and Mahadeva, Barabanki, is home to the famous Paarijaat tree that is said to fulfil one's wishes. Located about 29 km from the district, the divine tree draws large crowds every year. But amid this fountainhead of prosperity, Barabanki remains a backward district, lacking in basic amenities like education and electricity.Known as the gateway to Poorvanchal, the hub of political activity in Uttar Pradesh, Barabanki presents a picture of neglect.Though the district largely has an agrarian economy, its farmers have to grapple with unavailability of seeds and fertilisers. \"Farmers who can afford prefer to buy seeds and fertilisers from black marketeers,\" said Dharam Raj Singh, a farmer in Delma Dariyabad area of the district. \"You have to be lucky to get fertilizers from the fair price stores. We are often forced to pay twice the price for fertilisers,\" said Vishwanath, a farmer who lives in Banki town. Harinam Singh Rawat of Mohammadpur village, however, denied such problems.The peeved farmers have now fielded their leader Mukesh Singh. Singh is contesting from the newly constituted Barabanki seat. He is up against stalwarts like Sangram Singh - sitting BSP MLA and minister in the Mayawati government and Chotelal Yadav, an ex-MLA who left the Samajwadi Party along with Beni Prasad Verma to join the Congress. \"We felt that our voices were falling on deaf ears,\" said Singh, who runs a network of farmers helping poor families to marry off their daughters. He also heads a group of voluntary blood donors and runs a 'langar' (community kitchen) too.Citing some of the problems being faced by cultivators, Singh said farmers do not get adequate minimum support price for their crops. And when they raise voice against this, they are silenced by lathicharge. Mill owners also exploit farmers. \"Many such issues problems being faced by farmers have remained unattended,\" said Singh.The irregular power supply has hampered irrigation in the district. \"The input costs increase manifolds because of lack of power. This is one of the reasons why many farmers want to give up farming and migrate to cities in search of jobs,\" said a farmer. The acute shortage of power has affected other sections of the society as well.Though not very far from Lucknow, many villages in Barabanki are yet to be electrified. Badanpur is one such village in Ramnagar assembly segment. Amresh Shukla, the sitting BSP MLA from Ramnagar, had assured the natives that the village wou;d be electrified. But that remains a distant dream till day. \"We were told that BSP stands for Bijili Sadak Pani, but none of the three essentials became a reality for us,\" said Ganga Ram Trivedi, the eldest native of the village. Arvind Singh Gope, Samajwadi Party MLA from Haidergarh - assembly segment lost in delimitation - is now challenging Shukla on the Ramnagar seat. Ramvir Singh, who lost to Shukla by 2,000 votes in 2007 assembly election, is also in the fray on Congress ticket.The district also faces the annual flood fury. Power situation worsens during floods and adds to the problems of locals. A popular anecdote of Haji Waris Ali Shah - the saint of Dewa Sharif shrine - is also related to the floods in Ghagra. It is said that once Haji Waris Ali Shah ventured into the overflowing Ghagra and walked on it as if was a road. \"What happened in those days was a natural calamity. But this one is rather manmade. The river breaches the dam and ring dams along the Ghagra each year. But why wait for another flood to disturb life again and again,\" said Shailendra Awasthi who lives in one of the affected villages.Apart from the local problems, the caste factor also dominates politics in Barabanki. In the newly constituted Zaidpur assembly segment, candidates fielded by all the big political parties have Rawat as their surname. While the Congress party has fielded Baijnath Rawat, BSP has given ticket to Ved Prakash Rawat - son of former MP from Barabanki Kamla Rawat. Similarly, BJP and SP have fielded MLC Ram Naresh Rawat and former zila pramukh Ram Gopal Rawat respectively. In Barabanki, most Rawats are dalits.Not just legends, mud mounds in the name of bunds, villages which have never seen electricity, lack of educational facilities present Barabanki as an old world. \"There is just one postgraduate college in entire city. And if you are a science graduate, you have to leave the city as the college does not have science faculty,\" said Sadaf Naeem, who moved to Lucknow for higher studies like most other students. Summing it all, a former bureaucrat from Barabanki said, \"As for now, saints and gods keep life moving (in Barabanki).\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735686", "title": "NHRM scam: Sugar coated deal for a favorite few", "text": "LUCKNOW: After exposing the rot in national rural health mission (NRHM), office of comptroller and auditor general (CAG) has bared the anomalies in procedure adopted for sale of sugar mills in the state. The report which has been submitted to UP's governor recently revealed that state exchequer was robbed several thousand crore rupees in sale of 21 government sugar mills. Citing the report, sources amount the losses to Rs 1,700 crores -- two times the total sanctions under NRHM.All the 21 mills were sold off by public sector undertaking UP state sugar Corporation limited (UPSSCL). Five out of 21 mills - all of which were functional - were bought by liquor baron Ponty Chaddha, supposedly close to power quarters in UP. Another 11 went to a group having the group which has a Muslim BSP MLA as its board member. Sources claimed that a deeper scrutiny of these 11 mills could show that Chaddha and other player are part of the same group.The misuse of power can only be guessed considering that stamp duty worth over Rs 180 crores was evaded in this process of favors. Citing the report sources said that that incorrect valuation of the land was accepted by the registering authorities that resulted in revenue losses worth Rs 100 crores (approximately). Not only this, short payments of close to Rs 80 crores were also received. And this is besides the 5% general discount on stamp duty and registration fees awarded to the buyer.Under-pricing appeared to be the thumb rule adopted by officials in UP to sell the sugar mills. \"The advisor to the disinvestment process reduced the value of the land of sugar mills between 3% and 30% and this resulted in a loss of Rs 90 crores to the public exchequer in case of four sugar mills alone,\" sources said citing the report. They added that the auditors were not satisfied with the justifications given by the state government as well.The finding only substantiate procedural anomalies highlighted by farmer leader VM Singh in an application before Lokayukta Justice NK Mehrotra. Though the petition for investigation was disposed off on the alibi that the case was pending before the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High court, the examples cited by Singh need mention. He cited the example of Amroha sugar Mill in Jyotiba Phule district. Spread across an area of 31 hectares, the said mill has a cane crushing capacity of 3,000 metric tonnes per day. While the cost of property alone was estimated to be over Rs 250 crores, the mill was sold off at a rate of Rs 13.94 crores.Bhartiya Janta Party's leader Kirit Somaiyya - who has recently demanded a CBI probe in the case - cited the example of Bijnore Sugar Mill. The mill - sprawling over an area of 51 hectares - was equipped to crush 7,500 metric tones of cane. Sommaiya stated that the mill worth Rs 500 crores was sold for Rs 101 crores. Sources said that the report has cites that all this happened in collusion with officials machinery. \"Collectors in districts where the sugar mills were located have identical orders. Then, in a dozen select districts, the auditors found that none of the committees formed to ditto the evaluation finalized by the department had any objections to anything,\" said sources.The collusion at the top level stands supported by the fact that the average value of land and building was discounted by 25% in lieu of restricted land use, large land area, stamp duty to be paid by the purchasers and other constraints. This resulted in a loss of around Rs 190 crores. Another 240 crore rupees were slashed by reversal in the ratio of land value and discounted cash flow method which was calculated on the basis of 'corrected' (read decreased) land value. The value of plant and machinery was under estimated causing a loss of over 82 crore rupees which swelled by Rs 25 lakhs due to non-inclusion and valuation of trees in the mills.Sources added that he auditors also found that mill specific anomalies as in case of a mill in west UP. Here, there are two mills situated at a distance of 13 kilometers. While selling the new mill the land of the old mill was clubbed along with the old mill which resulted in a direct loss of over Rs 250 crores (the estimated worth of the old mill). The evaluators did not consider the circle rate for valuation of land. This resulted in a net loss of over 462 crores. The official machinery also failed to maintain the secrecy of the bidding process which led to rigging of the provisions of the Competition Act-2002. They also changed the terms and conditions again and again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11735077", "title": "Angolan student held for overstaying", "text": "PANAJI: An student from Angola, who was studying fashion design in Goa, was arrested on charges of overstaying by the Panaji police on Wednesday.Goa police's Foreigner's Registration office ( FRO) had issued a note to the Panaji police that Olivia Thukombe's visa had expired on January 12 and she's staying illegally in the country.\"As per the FRO's orders, we arrested Thukombe on Wednesday. She spoke to her parents and they have arranged tickets for her to return home. She has been taken to Mumbai on Thursday and she has a flight home on Friday\", the police said. Sources said that Thukombe had come on a student visa to India which was valid up to January 3. She sought extension from the home department, which granted her extension till January 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11734713", "title": "Why did Subramanyam put money in VW a/c?", "text": "HYDERABAD: It has been an endless wait of seven years now for the CBI to find out why IAS officer and then MD of APIIC L V Subramanyam did what he did in the Volkswagen scam. In early 2005, the YSR regime had floated a special purpose vehicle with Vashista Wahan, a company fronted by German national Helmut Schuster with the claim that it was an arm of German auto giant Volkswagen, for a car manufacturing plant in Visakhapatnam.As its equity participation, the APIIC deposited Rs 11.68 crore in the account of Vashista Wahan which disappeared promptly. By July 2005, it became clear that Vashista Wahan was a bogus company and had no links with Volkswagen. After the opposition cried foul, a CBI inquiry was ordered.As per CBI investigations, L V Subramanyam deposited Rs 11.68 crore in the HSBC bank in New Delhi, where Vashista Wahan had its account, on January 11, 2005. At the time of depositing the amount, the APIIC MD had submitted a letter to the bank stating that the money be placed in Escrow account. Legally, Escrow is money, property, a deed, or a bond put into the custody of a third party for delivery to a grantee only after the fulfilment of the conditions specified.\"However, for some mysterious reasons, Subramanyam submitted another letter to the HSBC bank the same day in which he directed them to deposit the amount in the account of Vashista Wahan. After the bank officials did the same, the entire amount disappeared within few hours and the CBI officials have been able to recover about Rs 5 crore of the scam money. What we want to know is why did Subramanyam get the money shifted from an Escrow account, where it would have been safe, to Vashista Wahan's account, from where it disappeared?,\" said the CBI sources.The CBI claims to be wanting to question the IAS officer on this aspect but have been unsuccessful so far. Obviously, Subramanyam has used his clout as an IAS officer to ward off any investigations in the matter concerning him. But now, the sleuths have garnered more courage and are all set to press for his questioning in the matter.The CBI's case is that it will have a free hand go against public servants only if they are caught in normal crimes like cheating, forgery, etc. But when it comes to a public servant making mistakes while discharging his official duties, then the state and Centre would have to accord permission to prosecute the concerned official.While the state has to accord permission under section 197 of the CrPC, the Centre has to do the same under section 19 of the Prevention of Corruption Act in the case of all India service officers. This has not been forthcoming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733910", "title": "MPLADS scam: Centre wants corrupt booked", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dissatisfied with incomplete replies and delays in submission of the Action Taken Report (ATR) against erring officials by MCD in response to irregularities cited in the CAG report on implementation of MP Local Area Development Scheme (MPLADS), the Union ministry of statistics and programme implementation has sent a terse reminder to the Delhi Government.It has also sought that FIRs be lodged in cases of misappropriation of funds and suspected fraud.Despite repeated reminders from the ministry the MCD, which is the nodal implementation agency for MPLADS in Delhi, is yet to furnish a final report.The all-India review meeting with all MPLADS nodal officers is scheduled for February 6 at Vigyan Bhawan.In the 2010-11 performance audit CAG report the 12 paragraphs pertaining to Delhi cited a host of issues ranging from the sub-standard quality of material used in roads to serious procedural lapses in the execution of various projects. For instance the audit found that in Delhi during 2004-09 the MCD executed 28 works for providing and laying 25 mm thick bitumen \"mastic wearing course\" for strengthening of roads by laying mastic asphalt through contractors.In all these cases the contractor used a lesser quantity of bitumen leading to excess payment of Rs 66 lakh.The reply by the MCD has failed to satisfy the ministry which has asked the MCD Commissioner to initiate action against officials responsible for irregularity and FIRs against contractors for suspected fraud in the MPLADS fund.According to sources, the Department of Urban Development has sent repeated reminders to the MCD seeking a final status report.The ministry in a letter, dated January 9, to the principal secretary, urban development, Chandra Mohan stated: \"The ministry is required to submit the Action taken Report on the audit paras to the CAG before being submitted to the Public Accounts Committee. This is getting delayed and any further delay is likely to attract criticism from the PAC.\"The ministry's letter further emphasized that of the 12 audit paragraphs pertaining to Delhi as per observation of the performance audit report of 2010-11, complete replies in respect of only 6 paras have been received. \"From the replies received from the MCD, it has been noticed that the information provided against 6 paras are inadequate. It is pointed out that the ministry had sought replies by November 15 previously but the information never came. A fresh deadline of January 20 seeking a comprehensive action taken report is also long past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11733258", "title": "Pipili rape: National Commission for Women probe begins", "text": "CUTTACK: National Commission for Women (NCW) began a probe on Thursday into the alleged gang rape incident of a 19-year-old girl in Pipili in November. Member secretary of the commission, Anita Agnihotri went to SCB Medical College and Hospital, where the girl is currently battling her life, to inquire into the health of the victim and held discussions with her father about the incident.\"I am collecting facts about the alleged gang rape incident. I visited the victim and also met her father and other relatives,\" Agnihotri told media persons after visiting the hospital. \"I will submit a detailed report about the incident to the commission within 10 days,\" she said.Agnihotri held discussions with crime branch officials investigating the case and also met the DGP, Manmohan Praharaj, in this connection. \"We have provided all the information related to the matter to the secretary of National Commission for Women,\" the DGP said.The girl was allegedly gang-raped in November last year in Pipili for being a court witness in a molestation case. The rapists also tried to kill her by strangulation and since then the victim has slipped into a semi-comatose state.Doctors at SCB hospital said there is no significant improvement in the condition of the victim. \"She is opening her eyes spontaneously and her blood pressure level is normal. Her vital organs are also functioning properly. But her brain has suffered an irreversible damage. She is not responding to verbal commands at all,\" said a doctor treating her.Hospital authorities have been trying allied treatment procedures such as music therapy and sleep disorder treatment on the patient to stimulate her dead brain cells. \"We are trying these procedures as there is no specific treatment for brain damage. These treatments, however, take time to show results and we cannot predict anything about the extent of recovery of the patient,\" the doctor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736379", "title": "Police chief orders inquiry into Juhu bash", "text": "MUMBAI: Police chief Arup Patnaik ordered an inquiry into how a Juhu lounge was open till the wee hours of Monday.The watering hole in question is where actor Shah Rukh Khan allegedly slapped filmmaker Shirish Kunder at a party organized by an influential developer.Patnaik wants action against the establishment if it is found that the rules were breached. \"The lounge is known to violate norms. I had asked the senior police inspector of the area to ensure that the establishment shuts down before 1.30am,\" said a senior police officer. \"The police have levied a penalty on the lounge management twice in the past for running beyond the deadline,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11734232", "title": "\u2018Too many entry, exit points spark jams\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: Too many designated entry and exit points on the 27.7 km Gurgaon expressway affect the traffic movement on this stretch adversely rather than decongest the area.An NHAI study conducted by an independent expert has pointed out the fact that the major reason why these numerous gates create problem on the e-way is because they are situated too close to each other. This, as per the study, hampers safe movement of vehicles as two exit/entry points should ideally be situated at least 600 meters away from each other.However, on the expressway there are instances where the entry and exit points exist within 245 metres of each other (Entry-8 and Exit-10 at Jharsa and Rajeev Chowk) and 400 metres, in another case.What makes things worse is the poor geometry at the entry/exit points. These points cannot clear traffic quickly. Take for instance the Exit-10 at Rajeev Chowk which is clearly not designed to handle the heavy traffic heading towards the old city and Sohna road. The result is long hours of traffic congestion on the expressway.\"During peak hours, the entry and exit points of the city all get choked. Poor traffic management adds to the mess,\" the government report says.It further points out that while such entry and exit gates can handle only 1,000 vehicles per lane per hour, the traffic volume is so huge that as many as 4,200 vehicles pass through these gates per hour, per lane.The study recommends the need to augment the capacity of these spots by widening the entry/exit points or by reducing the number of toll gates.The report suggests that the NHAI could close the South City exit and combine it with IFFCO exit. Similarly, the South City entry can be combined with Sector 31 entry and Jharsa entry can be merged with Rajeev Chowk entry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11735096", "title": "SC's 2G order could keep DMK in check", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Congress rushed to welcome Supreme Court's order on the 121 telecom licences principally for its determination that A Raja acted unilaterally, the latter's party DMK refuted Congress's claim that former telecom minister acted on his own.DMK leader and Raja's former colleague T R Baalu said, \"The spectrum policy was decided by the Union Cabinet in October 2003 and this has been consistently and consciously followed by successive governments. Neither the Cabinet nor TRAI recommended any policy changes till date regarding 2G spectrum allocation.\"Standing by the jailed minister, Baalu endorsed Raja's argument that he did not auction spectrum because that would have rendered telephony unaffordable for the common man, although he did not take issue with SC for turning down the argument. \"The CAG and the opposition have miserably failed in considering the positive aspects especially with regard to the benefits gained by cell phone subscribers,\" he said.Also, while Congress saw the order as having achieved a closure on the case which has hemorrhaged the party's \"good governance\" plank, the DMK insisted that the SC order was not the final word in the 2G scam case. \"The court has not given any final verdict,\" Baalu said, referring to the trial of the spectrum case in which party chief M Karunanidhi's daughter Kanimozhi is also an accused.But even as it struck a contrarian note, there were indications that the SC order may have dampened DMK's mood just when it appeared to have come out of the gloom of defeat in Tamil Nadu polls.Indications were that DMK planned to return its ministers to the Union Cabinet and could lay claim to strong portfolios at par with telecom and textiles. The party thought of filling its quota of Cabinet vacancies earlier but was pushed back by Kanimozhi's continued incarceration.The SC order may have dealt a setback to the Dravidian party just when it planned to restore full relations with UPA and could keep its bargaining muscle in check. Sources said DMK could mention the spectrum issue in a party resolution soon.The status quo is likely to continue in UPA, with DMK unlikely to indulge in any fresh adventures. An assured Congress spun the judgment as vindicating the PM and the home minister while using the court's indictment of Raja to buffer itself from the taint. However, when asked if he was blaming the DMK for the mess, telecom minister Kapil Sibal indulged the partner by saying, \"DMK is our valued ally and they will continue to be our valued ally.\"He added, however, the judgment is seen to strengthen the Congress's upper hand in equations with DMK, having deftly eked out concession from the ally earlier that it would not rock the UPA boat for action against Raja and Kanimozhi.DMK shed its famous arm-twisting tactics in the wake of 2G scam but observers felt the tempered mood was fashioned by its political compulsions. The party was ejected out of power in the assembly elections in May 2011 while the succession war between brothers Stalin and union minister Alagiri only appeared to get worse. The prospect of facing mercurial rival Jayalalithaa as chief minister forced the DMK patriarch Karunanidhi to stick with the power centre at the Centre.The passage of time has not helped DMK since its in-house trouble are intact while the SC judgment may only push it further on the defensive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "amethi", "code": "11740223", "title": "Priyanka Gandhi hits the campaign trail in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "AMETHI: Hitting the campaign trail in Uttar Pradesh, Congress' star campaigner Priyanka Gandhi on Friday asked the electorate to realise the strength of their vote and exercise their franchise for a change in the state where politics over the last 22 years has become totally \"religion and caste-based\".\"Election is the time when leaders come for electioneering of all kinds...I also come in your midst but who has the wisdom to recognise the reality of their candidates and the political parties...you...and take this into account when you go out to vote\", Priyanka said at a public meeting in Balbhadrapur area of her brother Rahul Gandhi's parliamentary constituency here.\"Times have come when the people are not getting their rights in their areas .. politics has become bad and become opportunistic and moves ahead only because of division of your vote\", she said adding people and not leaders should be standing on the dias.Stressing that it is wrong that people beg before their leaders, she said that in the past 22 years it has been caste and religion-based politics in UP which has been dominating at the cost of development.Taking a stand similar to her brother, Priyanka said that people from here go out of the state to Maharashtra and Kerala to work as they are developed and now it is time to bring a change here.Endearingly terming her brother Rahul as \"stubborn\", Priyanka said that when he had set out to campaign in the last assembly elections she had asked why are you working so hard as the verdict was not known, he replied that his aim was not the verdict of election but was to change the state which was lagging behind.She said the time has come to bring this change and it was not the prestige of her family nor of the Congress candidates but of the future of their families and their children.\"If Congress is strengthened and its government is formed in UP, it would would develop\", she said.She said that situation has come to such a pass when parties have to introduce their candidates and specifically mention that they have not committed crimes like murder, not snatched the land of people.Priyanka would stay in the area for five days.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734663", "title": "Clarify Nooria's travel curbs: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has posed three questions to the police in the Nooriya Haveliwala hit-and-run case. Hearing a petition filed by Indian-born US national Haveliwala challenging the restrictions placed on her, a division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode asked the authorities to reply to its queries in four weeks.\"Can a foreign national facing a criminal case here be legally restricted from travelling abroad? The police should explain whether the restriction order was passed after application of mind. Has the petitioner been restricted from travelling abroad or only from leaving the city?\" asked the judges.Public prosecutor Pandurang Pol sought four weeks' time to seek instructions from the authorities and file an affidavit in the matter.Haveliwala was arrested for crashing her Honda CRV into a police party on an anti-drunk driving nakabandi, killing sub-inspector Dina Nath Shinde and a biker, Afzal, near Marine Lines on January 31, 2010. Four constables were also injured in the accident. The police said Haveliwala was drunk and booked her for culpable homicide. A medical test also revealed the presence of cannabis in her blood. After spending two months in Byculla jail, the US citizen and Colaba resident who worked as a beauticianHaveliwala was released from jail in April 2010.The Foreigners' Regional Registration Office had passed an order restraining Nooriya from leaving Mumbai last year saying \"the charges are of such nature as are never committed by a law-abiding Indian citizen\" and the character of the offences \"adversely affects the moral fiber of adult society\".This had led the judges at an earlier hearing to react with incredulousness: \"Your moral reasoning is that Indians haven't committed such a crime. Do you think an Indian citizen would not have committed such a crime? Every now and then, drink and driving accidents take place and it has got nothing to do with being a foreigner or an Indian.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11735073", "title": "One held for raping minor", "text": "VASCO: Verna police have registered a case against a 27-year-old man for allegedly raping a minor from Zuarinagar last Wednesday. Police said the accused is known to the family.According to the complaint, he took the minor to Dodamarg, Maharashtra, and raped her there. On Thursday, the family suspected something wrong with the girl and after inquiring she revealed the incident. Police have arrested the accused and registered a case under Sections 363, 376 of the IPC and 8 (2) of Goa Children Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735411", "title": "Everyone, including PM responsible for spectrum scam, says Arun Jaitley", "text": "LUCKNOW: Alleging that Congress leaders campaigning in Uttar Pradesh and harping on corruption have lost their face, senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley said that they (Congress) must first answer queries relating to the 2G spectrum scam. Addressing a press conference on Thursday Jaitley said, \"Since the allotment of spectrum was not a personal decision of one minister, but a collective decision of the cabinet, none including Prime Minister can escape his responsibility and the telecom minister and the finance minister owe a special responsibility.\"The issue he said was no more confined to a political or moral realm, it was a legal issue. \"It was a technical matter to decide, which court would finally investigate the matter, but everyone involved in the decision would have judicial responsibility,\" he said.Targeting P Chidrambaram, the BJP leader said, \"After Supreme Court's decision, Chidambaram would think how tenable it was for him to continue in the office. The verdict has smashed the zero loss theory floated by Kapil Sibal and also the prime minister's defence in the matter. Chidambaram, who as a finance minister was supposed to be the custodian of state exchequer, sanctioned the loot and PM had defended Raja and Chidambaram on the floor of the House. Therefore, both become part of the cover up exercise.\"The spectrum scam Jaitley said had lowered India's prestige and has led to a decline in the domestic and foreign investment in the fastest growing sector. \"A scrambled egg cannot be unscrambled. Look at the kind of signals we have sent out about our economy,\" the leader remarked. Congress party which was busy raising an anti-corruption pitch in UP during the campaign has lost its face.The leader raised a question mark on the wisdom of the minority reservation in the OBC quota and hoped the party gets enough numbers to stop its implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733914", "title": "Scrutiny of nomination forms to continue till Friday", "text": "PUNE: The scrutiny process of the nomination forms for Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) election has been extended by another day.Civic election department officials said that the process of scrutinizing the nomination forms started on Wednesday, but due to Bombay high court's directives on the verification of caste certificates, an extension of one day was given on Wednesday. The process was expected to be completed on Thursday.\"The election department has released a new schedule and an extension of a day has been given for scrutiny which will be done on Friday when forms attached with caste certificates and caste validity certificates will be sructinised,\" an official said.Candidates were expected to withdraw their nominations by Friday earlier, but they can do so by Saturday.A total of 3,558 forms have been submitted since the process of filing nomination started on January 24. Over 8,000 forms were sold. As many as 2,492 nomination forms were submitted on Tuesday, the last day. The sale and submission of forms was done through 14 ward offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11733240", "title": "Youth moves OHRC over police torture", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An employee of a city-based automobile showroom on Thursday filed a petition before the Odisha Human Rights Commission (OHRC) alleging custodial torture by the commissionerate police. Pravat Kumar Sahoo, in his petition, said police grievously assaulted him in detention suspecting his involvement in the Rs 12 lakh loot on January 25.Sahoo said the Rs 12 lakh of the automobile showroom was looted from him by unidentified bike-borne men near Satsang Vihar within Saheed Nagar police limits when he was going to deposit the money in a bank in Bapuji Nagar by car. The car was being driven by a driver. \"But after we reported the matter to police, they suspected my involvement,\" said Sahoo, who had joined the showroom in Mancheswar area two months ago.The 30-year-old said policemen made him lie on the ground, stood on him and assaulted him by using a plastic pipe. \"I was detained in the police station from January 25 to January 30,\" he wrote in the petition. \"I kept on insisting that I was innocent but they beat me up mercilessly. I still can't stand properly and am vomiting every now and then,\" he told reporters on Thursday.Sahoo said police let him off only after he signed on a blank piece of paper. \"After that I went to Hitech Medical College and Hospital for treatment,\" he said. Police reportedly became suspicious of Sahoo as neither Sahoo nor driver Sanjib sustained injuries when the outlaws broke the car glasses and decamped with the booty on January 25. Police, however, dismissed Sahoo's allegation of torture or illegal confinement as baseless. \"There was no torture of any kind on Sahoo. The charges are baseless,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11734741", "title": "Dogs kill deer on the outskirts of village", "text": "GONDIA: The deer which had gone astray from the forest on the outskirts of Piparia village of Salekasa tehsil was killed by some dogs on Wednesday morning.According to sources, a deer entered the village in the early hours of Wednesday and was attacked by the dogs. By the time the villagers saw it and went to rescue it, the deer was seriously injured.The villagers then informed the RFOPS Pandhare of Salekasa and local forest guards. However, by the time they reached the spot, the deer died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11733455", "title": "BPEd not eligible for teacher grade III selection", "text": "JAIPUR: A single-judge bench of high court has held that the Bachelor of Physical Education (BPEd) course is not the prescribed qualification for selection to the post of teacher grade III and has asked for a revised merit list to be prepared in the recent selections of physical education teachers in the state.Justice M N Bhandari passed this order on petitions wherein the court also took a serious note of the fact that the state of Rajasthan is running a one-year certificate in physical education (CPEd) course despite the fact that National Council for Teacher Training (NCTE) in 2001 passed a regulation requiring all states to have two-year certificate course. A division bench of high court also directed the state to do so.\"It is necessary to note that even after coming into effect the regulations of 2001 and mandate to modify the recruitment rules in all the states, the government of Rajasthan is sitting tight over the matter, that too when the additional advocate general had also asked the government to modify the recruitment rules,\" observed Justice Bhandari.\"This inaction of the government to give effect to the regulations of NCTE ever since 2001 is nothing but a serious failure on the part of the government. The state government is now directed to start a course of CPEd of two years' duration as required under the regulations of 2001,\" said Justice Bhandari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734324", "title": "GIFT recruits four at Cept placement", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The campus placement of the students of Faculty of Planning and Public Policy at the Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept), on its third day on Friday will have Ahmedabad-based recruiters like HCP Design and project management and global real estate services firms specializing in commercial property management like JLL, Mumbai. The faculty will host its online placement process on Sunday. The placement process which began from February 1, took a break on Thursday. On the first day of the placement, Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT) company took part in the recruitment process. The company confirmed recruitment of four students as planners and have lined up two students in the waiting list.On Sunday, the faculty will be hosting an online placement process for its more than 120 students, from seven disciplines- Urban and Regional (URP), Environment (EP), Housing (HSG), Infrastructure (IP), Industrial Area (IAPM) and Urban Transport (UTPM).A total number of around 30 recruiters including national and multinational organizations like Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT), CRISIL, ATTKINS Global, Egies, Jones Lang Lasalle , ICRA-IMaCs, Liases, Unity Infrastructure, Water Sanitation Performance Assessment (PAS) amongst others had confirmed participation in the campus recruitments process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11735328", "title": "Man arrested with 96 country liquor bottles", "text": "NASHIK: In a bid to step up law and order in the city, nakabandi was carried out by the city police all across Nashik on Wednesday. DCP Sahebrao Patil said nakabandis had been done by all 11 police stations for most part of the day and till late in the evening. Each police station conducted nakabandi in two places.Nakabandis help the police trace stolen vehicles and check if some material is being transported illegally in backdrop of the civic elections. The presence of police has significantly increased on the city roads.ACP Ganesh Shinde said that it was the presence of police in large numbers that ensured that illegal transportation of liquor was discovered in the Shalimar area on Thursday.Traffic police inspector Pravin Kulkarni said cops decided to follow an autorickshaw whose driver seemed panicky during nakabandi. However, he disappeared through the narrow lanes of Khadkali, which the police van could not enter. Kulkarni said, \"We intimated cops posted at Dwarka about the auto. When the cops at Dwarka attempted to intercept it, the rickshaw driver fled from the scene. He was caught near the Nagji Hospital circle and 96 bottles of 180 ml country liquor were found in a gunny bag.\"The traffic police have arrested the driver Kundan Mane (22) of Shivaji Wadi, Pathardi Phata. The other two suspects managed to escape from the scene. A case has been registered at the Bhadrakali police station and further investigations is underway.While a large force of police is being utilised on the streets, offences like body offences are being registered in the interiors of the city, said many.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "11733114", "title": "CM's presence fails to thaw icy vibes", "text": "ROURKELA: Top BJD leaders of Sundargarh district are at loggerheads was evident at a recent election meeting in Ujjalpur. Rajya Sabha member Mangala Kisan and urban development minister Sharada Nayak made no attempt to hide their cold vibes even in the presence of chief minister and BJD supremo Naveen Patnaik.While Nayak did not address Kisan in his speech, Kisan made no bones of the fact that only a \"son of the soil\" should be allowed to assume leadership in the district. Nayak had joined the BJD only eight years ago. Kisan also stayed away from another election meeting at Kutra though it is his native area. Nayak was on the podium with Naveen.The fact that Kisan and Nayak don't see eye to eye is nothing new. Kisan had made his displeasure evident during the last Assembly elections when the party gave the Rajgangpur ticket to Benedict Tirkey without his consent. Kisan was reportedly annoyed recently after the party nominated six candidates for the zilla parishad in his area on the recommendation of Sharada Nayak and bypassing the views of Mangala Kisan.The BJD has divided its Sundargarh unit into Rourkela and Sundargarh. Mangala Kisan, the president of Sundargarh unit, had recommended names of 20 candidates from his area while minister Sharada Nayak had proposed 15 names for the 35 zilla parishad seats. The BJD high command rejected Kisan's candidates in at least six seats giving the ticket to Nayak's nominee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734914", "title": "Many benefit from ESIC health mela", "text": "NAGPUR: As Employees' State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) celebrates its diamond jubilee year, the Employees State Insurance Scheme (hospital) organized a 'health mela' at its Somwaripeth premises on Thursday. Several people benefited from free investigations offered by some of the city's best medicos, who have a tie up with the hospital.\"Throughout the year, we have been organizing several health camps on a smaller scale, but this one was the last in the series so it was bigger than the others,\" informed Dr SS Hasan, chief coordinator of the mela and medical referee of the hospital.\"We have tied up with some of the best private hospitals of the city as secondary care centres. They have all been involved in the mela,\" added SC bharadwaj, joint director in-charge of the sub regional office here.\"The private partnership meant that the people who came today could avail of some of the best medical consultation available in the city,\" believed Dr A K Lawange, superintendent of the hospital.Dr BN Bankapur, senior state medical commissioner, and Dr AM Shrikhande, assistant medical officer, were also present. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738564", "title": "Sanjay Dutt to do an item song", "text": "After the success of Agneepath and Kancha Cheena's moves in the Chikni Chameli item number, Sanjay Dutt seems to be the most wanted item boy in Bollywood. For his upcoming film Zilla Ghaziabad, Sanjay Dutt will be seen growing to a song composed by Bappi Lahiri's son Bappa titled Main Item No.1. South Indian actress Shreya Saran will join Sanjay in this dance number.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that initially, there were no plans of an item song featuring Sanjay in the film. \"Sanjay's character is rugged. He doesn't sing or dance. But after Agneepath, the makers decided to include an item song with Sanjay in it,\" revealed a source close to the film.The song will be shot in Kamalistan studio from February 5 - 8 and will be choreographed by Ganesh Acharya, who also worked on Chikni Chameli.Refusing to divulge details of the item number, producer Vinod Bachchan simply said, \"Yes, we have decided to add an item song featuring Dutt saab. And it is going to surprise everyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734298", "title": "'Navy is shielding the officer who raped me'", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Indian Navy was shielding the officer who raped me\", the wife of another officer told Bombay High Court on Thursday during the hearing of her petition urging the court to direct an investigation by the civilian police, saying she would not get justice from the naval authorities.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode was hearing a petition filed by Rupa Sharma (name changed), a housewife, stating that she was raped twice by regulating petty officer Jitendra Singh (39) on July 30, 2010 and August 6, 2010, at her residence at New Navy Nagar in Colaba while her husband was away on temporary duty in Delhi. She claimed that she was threatened at gunpoint. Singh is posted at Cheetah Camp in Mankhurd.Sharma's petition stated that she was traumatized, humiliated and ashamed by the incident and terrorized by the threats. However, neither did she reveal the incident to anyone nor did she lodge a complaint till her husband returned to Mumbai. \"Only after her husband cajoled her to tell what was bothering her, she mustered the courage and recounted the episode,\" the petition stated.On November 26, 2010, Sharma wrote a complaint to the Dockyard Security Officer and it was taken on record on December 26. Following that, Singh was placed in close custody by the Commanding Officer of INS Angre and released on bail on January 24, 2011. A probe was initiated by the Commander N D Mallya.However, Sharma's petition said efforts were being made to dilute the serious charges and possibly exonerate Singh \"who is a person of great clout and influence\" and he might flee the country. She said her garments were not sent for medical analysis and even efforts to find out the status of inquiry were thwarted. Further, Singh has also submitted application for discharge from the navy, Sharma has claimed. Her advocate A M Sachwani argued that the victim had a right to know what had happened to the inquiry.Navy's advocate D N Salvi submitted that Singh had been charged in a court martial for the possession of a gun. \"We had a summary trial. The charges are not substantial,\" he added. However, Sachwani countered, \"That is his official gun. He raped her at gun-point. They are putting charges that they are lovers. They are only doing this because the name of naval authority will be maligned.\"Salvi also told the court that the navy has no objection to transferring the matter to the civil police.The judges have adjourned the hearing and given a week's time to the navy to file its affidavit in reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11736529", "title": "Multiplex staying up late faces the end, for now", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city's newest multiplex, Cinepolis, will not screen films for the next one month. District collector Vijay Nehra suspended its licence for screening films beyond the 1 am deadline after residents of Vastrapur complained about nuisance. The collectorate will also investigate if other multiplexes in the city are violating the deadline. Vastrapur residents had told Nehra there was a rush of traffic outside their homes well past midnight because of the six-screen multiplex at the Alpha One mall.\"We heard the multiplex management on Thursday after conducting an inquiry,\" Nehra said. \"It had been established that the multiplex was violating norms.\" Among the films set for release on Friday are 'Gali Gali Chor Hai' , starring Akshaye Khanna, Mugdha Godse and Veena Malik; 'Journey 2' starring Dwayne Johnson better known as the WWE Rock; and the sci-fi thriller 'Chronicle' .Nehra added that the suspension was an unprecedented step taken in public interest. \"The entertainment industry will have to be mindful of the residents' convenience ,\" he said. Officials of Cinepolis could not be contacted despite making numerous attempts to reach them.During the hearing, the collector was told that besides Cinepolis, other multiplexes too had been screening films beyond 1 am. \"I have asked the entertainment inspector to conduct an inquiry and produce a report soon,\" Nehra said.Multiplex Owners' Association president Manubhai Patel, however , insisted that no other multiplex in the city screens films after 1 am. \"The last show normally starts at around 10.30 pm and ends by around 12.30 am,\" he said. \"The regulations are sensible as they ensure that people living close to multiplexes are not harassed .\" Cinepolis is not a member of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738700", "title": "\"Ichche\" to go for NFAI", "text": "\"Ichche\", directed by Shiboprosad Mukhopadhyay and Nandita Roy, has been selected by the National Film Archive of India for its preservation purposes.Says Rituparna Sengupta , \"This is a great news. I am happy to have presented the film.\"Shiboprosad says, \"We received a mail from NFAI that said that it wants to preserve the film for use as study material, film research purposes, purely non-commercial screening before film students and activists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11739056", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar tweets her good health, puts rumours to rest", "text": "Fake rumours relating to ill-health of Lata Mangeshkar were doing rounds of internet. The singer finally put all rumours to rest.Rumours relating to ill-health of Nightingale of India, Lata Mangeshkar have been doing the rounds of social networking sites since last evening. Ever since then fans of the singer across the world have been keen to know about her well-being resulting which Lata Mangeshkar turned the most searched name across the internet.Thankfully by grace of God, all is well with the singer and she is in good health which she confirmed with a tweet from her official account. \"Namaskar, Pls don't believe any rumors which are doing the rounds about my health &amp; well-being. All is well, by the Grace of God\", she tweeted.That should put all unnecessary rumours to rest. We pray for the good health and well-being of Lataji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733718", "title": "Better fire safety in govt hospitals by March 31", "text": "NEW DELHI: It will take government hospitals and departments another two months to upgrade fire safety mechanism on their premises, before they can get the mandatory No-Objection Certificate (NOC) from Delhi Fire Services, state health minister A K Walia has said.After the Kolkata fire tragedy in December 2011 in which over 80 lives were lost at AMRI Hospital, the Delhi government had ordered that all city government hospitals should get NOC from the fire department within a month. But at a review meeting on Thursday, Walia said the safety mechanisms will be in place only by March 31.Walia said the re-fitting of civil and electrical works in consonance with fire safety needs is under way in all hospitals. He said the installation of water sprinklers, alarm systems, hose pipes and dedicated water reservoirs tanks will also be completed by March end.\"The Delhi Fire Service has identified certain fire safety shortcomings in the hospitals which needed to be addressed at the earliest. They have suggested upgrading certain equipment and systems in line with the latest fire safety specifications. We will complete the process by March 31,\" said Walia.He said fire safety officers will be appointed in all state-run hospitals having 500 or more beds. These include Lok Nayak Hospital, G B Pant Hospital, Guru Tegh Bahadur Hospital, Ambedkar Hospital and Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital.The meeting was attended by senior officials from the fire department, civic agencies and medical superintendents. Officials from the fire department raised the issue of encroachment of approach roads, lanes and entrances to many hospitals. They said old equipment and furniture is often dumped by hospitals in vacant rooms and under staircases increasing possibility of a minor blaze turning into an inferno. Walia said these issues are being taken up with Delhi Police, MCD and other agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11737662", "title": "Consume more pay less", "text": "INDORE: At a time when the government and environmentalists are appealing to save electricity, MP Paschim Kshetra Vidyut Vitran Compnay (MPPKVVC) apparently has another take on it - consume more and pay less, pay more for consuming less.An analysis of the electricity bills to consumers carried out by local NGO Vikas Drishti Mistra 2050 revealed that MPPKVVC charged a consumer between Rs 4.02 per unit and Rs 8.20 per unit depending upon consumption.\"The analysis has revealed that the company is encouraging consumption of electricity by charging more from those who consume less while per unit charge is comparatively less for those who consume more,\" claimed Kishore Kodwani of Vikas Drishti Mitra 2050.The organisation during its analysis came across a startling fact that one who consumes 182 units per month pays his or her bill at the rate of Rs 8.20 per unit while a consumer who consumes 1448 units per month pays at the rate of Rs 4.02 per units.Kodwani explained that this has happened because the company charged under two heads --- per unit charge of Rs 3.40 and Rs 780 as fixed charges.\"As a result, small consumers end up paying more. It seems that the company is promoting excessive use of electricity and benefits rich and affluent and industries,\" observed Kodwani.To do away with this, the NGO demanded that everyone should be charged uniformly for the per unit consumption by doing away with the fixed charges and there should be only one step for charging per unit consumption.He further suggested that per unit rate can be fixed by considering the cost of electricity, loss, expenditure, grant, subsidy etc. \"If the company charges under only one head then it will save a lot of money and encourage less consumption of electricity,\" noted Kodwani.Chief engineer of MPPKVVC, R D Agrawal, said that they could not do away with the fixed charges as many times people did not use electricity after taking connection, but company had to take care of the maintenance and operational costs.\"Fixed charges is for the maintenance and operational costs, which is important,\" Agrawal said and also added that it was like post-paid mobile connection in which a subscriber paid certain amount as rental charges and after that paid as per the uses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11732905", "title": "Rose exports rise as V-Day nears", "text": "PUNE: Flower growers and exporters seem a happy lot despite extended winter that may have delayed rose production considerably. With Valentine's Day round the corner, rose exports have gone up by 10% to 25%.Experts say that the impact of winter on the quality of roses has been positive as the size of the flowers has gone up to 5cm, in comparison to 3.5 to 4cm during summers. This, coupled with the rupee devaluation and recession, has given exporters here an edge over international players like Kenya.Praveen Sharma, president of the Indian Society of Floriculture Professionals (ISFP), said, \"Growers plan for Valentine's season between December 7 and 20. In India, the period between one flower flush (bloom) to another varies from 40 to 50 days. The lowest interval is during summer, while during winter the period increases to 48 to 52 days. This year we are experiencing severe winter which will result in prolonged interval, but the quality of roses is excellent, as they are winter loving flowers.\"He added that the exports for Valentine's Day starts from February 1 and export orders have been better this year in comparison to last. \"The samples from here are as good as those seen in Kenya. We already have some cases where an importer from East Europe canceled his order from Kenya and opted for Indian flowers after seeing the quality. In addition, the price of roses in the Pune region is lesser than that of international roses,\" said Sharma.Sharma further said that this year's Valentine's season will be one of the best in the last four years, due to the ever-growing domestic market, which registered an almost 20% growth this year, as also stable demand for exports. \"Weak rupee against major currencies will also help the cause of exporters. In the last four months, there has been a 15-18% devaluation of the rupee, which will boost realisations for exporters. I predict a 5-10% rise in exports during this period,\" he said.H S Walia, an exporter from Talegaon, said, \"Winter has delayed production considerably. One stem takes about 45 days to mature; extended winter however prolongs the harvest period by 6-7 days, and blooming is delayed.\" Walia, however, said that exports to Europe have risen this year almost by 20-25%. \"Indian roses are in great demand as they are relatively cheaper than roses from Columbia, Kenya and Ethiopia,\" he added.Avinash Jadhav, manager - Exports, from a floriculture unit in Kolhapur, said that demand for Indian roses has been increasing with time and buyers from Europe, Japan and Australia have expressed their interest for professional long-term association with volume players. \"Our flowers are cost effective in comparison to those exported by Kenya, Ethiopia and Ecuador, and there is also year-round supply. Our exports have increased by 20-25 % approximately this year,\" said Jadhav.Sanjay Raut, another exporter from Kolhapur, said, \"Though the quantity of production has remained the same for us, exports have gone up by 20-25% this year, during the Valentine's season.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11735174", "title": "Nursing homes ordered to follow norms", "text": "KANPUR: The members of Kanpur Nursing Home Association were ordered to follow all the construction and fire safety norms prescribed by KDA and fire safety department by the commissioner in a meeting held on Wednesday.The commissioner had convened the meeting in response to the memorandum given by the nursing home association. The memorandum stated that the authorities of the nursing homes are being harassed by the KDA, fire department and the health authorities in the name of raids and removal or reconstruction in hospitals or nursing homes.The commissioner advised the members of the association to follow the norms and conditions of fire safety in the hospitals.All the allegations made by the authorities of nursing homes were proved wrong after the explanations given by the departments concerned. Even the commissioner asked the nursing homes to adopt proper norms of construction and fire safety and contact the DM for issues related to ultrasound centres.Chief medical officer Jai Singh said that all the allegations made by the authorities of nursing homes association were proved wrong as the explanations given by the departments concerned were accepted by the commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738908", "title": "A trivial comedy", "text": "A theatre group in the city is all set to stage Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest, but with a local twist!On a Valentine's Day over a century ago, Oscar Wilde presented on stage for the first time the farcical comedy The Importance of being Earnest, a presentation which he called a \"a trivial comedy for serious people\". The play, which follows protagonists who take on a fictitious personae in order to escape burdensome social obligations, has now been re-interpreted by the theatre group in the city with oodles of local flavour and will hit the stage today.The play, an annual event that has always entertained the audience in the city, comes with a completely new twist to it. \"We all create excuses to get out of doing things that we find tedious. Hopesh Hemdev and Jay D'souza, the protagonists in this interpretation of the Oscar Wilde classic, did the same. But little did these two idle gentlemen know that their escape strategy would actually land them in a world of confusion and some very life-changing revelations,\" the cast members reveal about the play.\"Laddoos, Society, Chennai, Pondicherry, Family or Escape - if even one of these words appeal to you, then you have to be at this play,\" they add. But, why stage this particular play? While it garnered both bouquets and brickbats for its satirical content and comedy, The Importance of Being Earnest still remains Oscar Wilde's most enduring piece of work that brings together the winning combination of high farce and witty dialogue.Now, being taken up by this studentrun production, the satire focuses itself on a different time, a different set of people and an entirely different setting, yet staying true to the humour that the original intended at.\"We decided to adapt this play because you can't go wrong with Oscar Wilde,\" says Tanvi Patel and Nayantara Nayar, the scriptwriters. \"What we've essentially done is take the premise of the original play and base it completely in more familiar settings.For example, the character of the overbearing Lady Bracknell is a Sindhi aunty in our version,\" they add. Perhaps no one can explain the play better than Wilde himself when once he said that The Importance of Being Earnest teaches us that \"we should treat all trivial things in life very seriously, and all serious things of life with a sincere and studied triviality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11736410", "title": "TIMES VIEW: Parents should ensure adequate care", "text": "While there's no denying that technology helps children in the learning process, parents and teachers must exercise adequate care that the child doesn't become a slave to it.The best learning experience is when there's human interaction and that should be the guiding principle. Technology should be used to enhance better understanding of concepts and enable children to reach the next level of unleashing their latent talent. It should be the prop and not the teacher itself.Technology in judicious measure is certainly a boon but it should not be allowed to become the dominant presence in the classroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734647", "title": "Everyone wants to be a corporator!", "text": "NAGPUR: In North Nagpur, every one wants to be a leader. This is evident from the fact that as many as 305 aspirants have filed nomination forms from Ashi Nagar and 209 from Shanti Nagar zone. As against this, only 113 candidates have filed nominations from Laxmi Nagar zone.Due to high number of candidates, the wannabe corporators from North Nagpur are all set to witness tough competition. This part of the city also has large number of voters from Dalit community and those from weaker socioeconomic conditions.In Ashi Nagar zone, which comprises 14 wards (seven prabhags), 1,93,701 voters will decide the fate of 305 candidates, 249 of whom are contesting as independent nominees.As many as 54 candidates have decided to contest from Nari prabhag, where voter strength is 29,864. It is followed by Indora prabhag with 28,135 voters and 48 contenders.Similarly, 209 candidates have submitted nomination forms from Shanti Nagar zone, which too comprises 14 wards (seven prabhags). Here 1,70,831 people will cast their votes. In Nara prabhag with 28,426 voters, as many as 47 candidates are set to fight it out for the civic polls.According to statistics provided by NMC, 113 candidates have filed nomination forms from Laxmi Nagar zone, Dharampeth (142), Hanuman Nagar (151), Dhantoli (124), Nehru Nagar (182), Gandhibagh (161), Satranjipura (181), Lakadganj (145), Mangalwari (178) and Narendra Nagar (194).NCP sitting corporator Vedprakash Arya, who is also contesting a ward from North Nagpur, said that in this part of town every individual was a leader. \"This is not the first time that so many aspirants have thrown their hats into the rings for civic polls. Most are not highly qualified and many are unemployed. As a result, they (aspirants) see it as an easy way to do something in their life,\" he feels, adding that many political leaders field such candidates to wean away votes of rival candidates.Agreeing with Arya, independent sitting corporator Manoj Sangole claimed independent candidates have led to the number of candidates increasing significantly as compared to 2007 elections. He said that in 2007, around 250 candidates had contested NMC elections, while this year the figure rose to over 500.Sangole, a three-time independent sitting corporator, said these candidates will play the spoilsport again for major political parties like BJP-Shiv Sena, Congress-NCP and RPI factions.Rakesh Nikose, a driver by profession, has also filed a nomination from Prabhag number 2 as an independent candidate. Vishal Khandekar has filed a nomination from Lashkaribagh Prabhag. Both are contesting the civic polls for the first time and said that if they win the polls they will ensure all-round development of this part of the city.\"For this election, the voters appear more aware of candidates and their election symbols and even know who are truly deserving ones. Many youngsters too seem to know that independents can help solve issues ignored by major political parties,\" said Nikose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11735993", "title": "Vadodara Marathon granted national status", "text": "VADODARA: Indian athletes aspiring to participate in London Olympics 2012 have a golden opportunity to qualify directly for the games during Vadodara International Half Marathon this Sunday. If any of the participants, provided he is an Indian, completes Vadodara Marathon (VM) within qualifying time stipulated for Olympics then he will be eligible for participating in the London Olympics that begins on July 27 this year. VM authorities said that they are adhering to all the international norms and providing best facilities for the athletes.The direct qualifying for Olympics feature came into effect recently after VM got national status for half marathon. VM is the only half marathon in the country that has bagged the coveted national status for half marathon from Athletics Federation of India (AFI). The federation has granted national status to Mumbai Marathon for full marathon.\"According to AFI guidelines, if any Indian participant of half marathon finishes the race within qualifying time of 58.8 minutes then he becomes directly eligible for Olympics. Also, the marathon should be held close to the Olympics game. Vadodara Marathon is nearest to the London Olympics; ,hence we have got the opportunity to make the history,\" said VM director Amit Bhatnagar.\"To qualify for Olympics, the participants will have to cover 21.07 kilometre within 58.8 minutes. There can be no better stage for Indian athletes than this,\" Bhatnagar told TOI.However, covering the distance in such short time would be a tall task for Indian participants considering the fact that most marathons are won by athletes from African countries. The international half marathon organized by VM last year was won by athletes from African countries. In fact, runners from Kenya and Ethiopia hogged the limelight for their lightening fast speed. In men's category Mvamzmtebe Kew from Kenya stood first by completing the Vadodara half marathon in 61.20 minutes. He was followed by two Ethiopian athletes. In women's category, Ethiopians walked away with all three top positions in 21.07 kilometre category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11735843", "title": "NGO to spread Sikhism message in US", "text": "JALANDHAR: US-based NGO Sikhs for Justice has hired a lobbying firm to educate American media about the true identity and message of Sikhism. It took this step after comedian Jay Leno told a joke showing the Golden Temple in his monologue and terming it the future summer home of Republican Party presidential candidate Mitt Romney on January 19.Lobbyists plan to approach NBC (which telecasts Leno's show) to provide a forum to Sikh scholars to educate media and American public about the sanctity of Golden Temple.\"NBC will also be asked to run a documentary on Sikhism during prime time to help spread the message. Also, since Sikhs have been victims of hate crimes after 9/11 due to misinformation about the religion, lobbyists will approach US media to run segments showing authentic characteristics of Sikhism,\" said Gurpatwant Singh Pannun, legal advisor to SFJ.Leno's remark had sparked a row among Sikhs. NRI affairs minister Vayalar Ravi had asked Indian ambassador in US to raise this issue with authorities there.Pannun said educating international media about Sikhs was a needed to spread the true message of Sikhism. \"Hundreds of Sikhs have been victims of hate crimes in US since 9/11. In 2001, Balbir Singh Sodhi was murdered. In December 2011, a Sikh senior citizen was attacked in Fresno.\"SFJ's youth coordinator, Tejkaran Kaur, said it was misinformation about Sikh religion and identity that was responsible for crimes against Sikhs in US after 9/11. \"Wrongful depiction of Darbar Sahib by Jay Leno makes Sikhs more vulnerable, apart from hurting their sentiments,\" she added.Meanwhile, SFJ Coordination Committee has called off its February 2 protest rally. Apart from launching a Facebook page to boycott Leno and Sikhs flooding NBC with protest calls, SFJ had also lodged a complaint with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) of US government and a California-based NRI Sikh had filed a suit for damages for libel in the superior court of California against Leno and NBC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11735916", "title": "FIR against BSP candidate", "text": "VARANASI: Issuing threat to the sector magistrate of the area concerned cost dear to Bahujan Samaj Party candidate from Varanasi Cantonment assembly seat Chandra Kumar Mishra alias Guddu Maharaj on Wednesday night as the Sigra police lodged an FIR against him.According to the Nagar Nigam police outpost in-charge Brijnandan Singh, who registered the complaint against Mishra, without seeking any permission a feast was organised at a place in Mahmoorganj area. On noticing gathering of BSP activists there, the police and also the magistrate reached there and asked about the occasion for which the feast was organised. The people present there continued misleading the cops by changing their statement.On seeing the doubtful activities, the magistrate engaged the videographer. In the meantime, Mishra along with his supporters, reached there and reportedly threatened the magistrate. Taking a serious note, the police lodged a case of violation of model code of conduct and issuing threat to a government officer.Against this action of police and election officers Mishra also visited commissionery to meet the chief election officer Umesh Sinha on Thursday but he failed to meet the official.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734370", "title": "'We Can' drive to highlight empowerment of women", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With domestic violence still a stark reality in many countries, particularly in Asia, the need of the hour is to empower women both socially and economically to bring about a change. It is precisely this goal that the \"We Can\" Campaign - a six-country initiative focusing on India, Bangladesh , Pakistan , Nepal , Sri Lanka and Afghanistan - is striving to achieve. In India, it is mainly active in 13 states, including Gujarat.With an aim is to end all violence against women, it is holding the Fifth We Can Campaign National Assembly from February 3-4 in the city. The campaign started in November 2004 and the annual event aims to change mindsets and highlight how domestic and social violence are interlinked and its impact on women. It aims to create public awareness with the help of cultural tools such as drama, poetry and dance.Recognizing the importance of empowering women economically, renowned economist Amartya Sen in 2003 undertook an empirical study on economic development and productivity of women. The results showed that women as a workforce are not being effectively utilized, with 50 million women in South Asia out of the total workforce. The number was a whopping 4 crore in India. The study also linked economic development and violence and noted that women lost five days of productivity due to some form of violence.The salient features of the campaign are the highlighting of positive messages using stickers and 'torans' to engage the public and start a dialogue, tie-ups with educational institutes to help develop non-discriminatory policies, incorporating men from all walks of life as well as involving change makers - people who have changed their mindsets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11734798", "title": "71 birds die in Amgaon", "text": "GONDIA: After Tiroda and Amgaon, bird flu epidemic seems to have spread to other tehsils of Gondia district. About 71 chickens have been reportedly found dead in Padampur village in last 48 hours. However, neither the animal husbandry nor the health department seems to be taking any cognisance of it. On the contrary, the veterinary doctors are snubbing the villagers for reporting these deaths saying that it could spread scare in the region.It was thought that after guardian minister Anil Deshmukh's meeting with the doctors of health and animal husbandry departments on January 26, the district administration will take the issue seriously. However, with the recent deaths of chickens, matters have deteriorated further. Chickens dead belonged to Sitabai Bhanadarkar (17), Bajirao Bhandarkar (6), Rajiya Sheikh (25), Jaya Gadpandae etc. Some crows were also found dead in Borkanhar village.Sources said that a team of employees of health and animal husbandry went to Amgaon on February 1, 2012 for vaccination of immunity against bird flu. However neither the assistant director of animal husbandry, Gondia Dr CB Moharkar nor any other officer or doctor in the office could be contacted regarding the position of the epidemic in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11734843", "title": "State asks Centre to de-notify 2 NHs", "text": "PATNA: In what appeared to be an enough-is-enough sort of reaction, Bihar has shot off a letter to the Centre, asking it to de-notify at least two national highways (NHs), which are in utterly bad shape, so that the state could ensure their repairs and upkeep on its own.\"In the larger interest of the country and the people of Bihar, it is requested that NH-101 and NH-103 be de-notified,\" state road construction department (RCD) secretary Pratyaya Amrit recently wrote to his counterpart in the Union ministry of road transport and highways.He has also suggested another option: the state government be given the go-ahead to maintain and upgrade these highways with its own resources with the proviso that the expenditure will be reimbursed by the Union ministry in the next fiscal year.The NH 101 is in Saran while NH 103 stretches from Hajipur to Musrigharari in Samastipur district. RCD minister Nandkishore Yadav said most of the stretches of NHs in Bihar were becoming \"non-motorable\".Sources said the state has had a bitter experience in this regard as the Centre refused to reimburse the Rs 1000 crore it spent on repairing and maintaining the NHs falling in the state a few years back. The matter was taken up even at the highest level with chief minister Nitish Kumar approaching Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the issue. But to no avail.The state once infamous for its potholed roads has managed to construct smooth state highways and district roads on a large scale. However, the condition of the NHs has deteriorated due to their non-maintenance by the National Highways Authority of India, the sources alleged.Said minister Yadav, \"The list of works worth Rs 1,061.64 crore was submitted to the Union ministry in July last year for inclusion in the Annual Plan 2011-12 but for reasons best known to the ministry, it could not be sanctioned. We have been informed that no scheme was sanctioned for the year.\"The RCD sources said between 2005-06 and 2010-11, a total of 386 road schemes worth Rs 3,100 crore were submitted to the Union ministry but only 161 schemes, involving an expenditure of Rs 1,024 crore, were sanctioned.During the last two fiscal years, 83 schemes involving an expenditure of Rs 1,222 crore were submitted but only 28 schemes worth Rs 317 crore were sanctioned by the Union ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738427", "title": "Sridevi to help NRI women", "text": "One of Bollywood's most reclusive divas is all set to break free of her unapproachable image to reach out to thousands of women across the world.Sridevi has so far restricted her limitless talents to her on-screen roles, keeping herself aloof from life beyond the camera and and beyond the domain of her domesticity.That is about to change. The shy hermetic diva is about to come out and reach out to a very special galaxy of Indian women across the world: the NRI housewives who find themselves isolated in foreign lands due to linguistic constraints.To rewind a bit, Sridevi in her comeback film 'English Vinglish' plays an Indian housewife in New York , compelled to grapple with a whole cultural transition.Linguistic barriers play a very prominent part in the film. Sridevi will take the message of linguistic bridge-building beyond the film, to Indian housewives across the world via the digital and various other media.Though the plans at this moment are absolutely hush-hush we've come to know that the producers of 'English Vinglish' plan to establish a rapport between Sridevi and NRI women through micro-blogging sites.Says a source close to the project, \"Sridevi who has never known a world outside her home and family would be addressing NRI women on Facebook. She will also open a Twitter account meant specificially for Indian women in distress, particular, linguistic distress, in any part of the world. In essence, she would be required to break free of her shy reclusive image to reach out, and offer remedies to women caught in critical situations.\"A panel of experts would guide Sridevi in providing advise to women on topics that she may not be familiar with. But we came to know that Sridevi intends to handle the international crisis-management provision for ladies largely by herself.An international distress helpline is also in the offing.Says a source close to the project, \"We're hugely surprised by how much effort Sri has made to overcome her inherent shyness to reach out. The process started during the shooting. She made an effort to bond with actors of every nationality. Now she has wholeheartedly agreed to lend her celebrity status to Indian women abroad who have lost their bearings and are clueless about how to get back on the radar. Sri empathizes with their predicament. She has been a bit of an Alice In Wonderland in Bollywood.\"When contacted the film's producer, filmmaker R Balki explained, \"We always intended to take the film's statement to a world outside the theatre. Yes, Sri will form a community of overseas women, digitally and otherwise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734639", "title": "Congestion ahead for mobile users in city", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 10 crore cellphone users in Mumbai and other parts of Maharashtra may face more congestion in the network and more than 1 crore may have to switch over to other service providers in the next four to six months.Mumbai has 13 cellphone operators. Among them, some licences of two service providers and a greater number of five others are likely to get cancelled following the SC decision on the 2G scam . This may put the \"communication\" fate of at least 1 crore consumers in the city on the balance.\"If luck permits, certain set of consumers may retain their operator if the particular company, whose licenses are cancelled, again wins a licence in the next auction. But with some of the firms not eager to be part of the fresh bid, many consumers may have to switch over to another operator. This upheaval will initially bring consumer burden on some companies till the new licence and spectrum allotment is done,\" said an expert in the telecom sector. The fresh auction for spectrum is expected to be over in the next four months.According to experts, some companies may use additional 3G spectrum for basic telephony (2G) services to avoid congestion in network. \"The switch-over of the confused lot of consumers with the operators in trouble will initially burden the existing operators' network, which has limited frequency. Later, new auctioning may see another round of switch-over, depending on the number of companies winning the number of licences and spectrum to meet consumers' demand,\" said a senior engineer with a telecom company.Incidentally, Mumbai and Maharashtra put together have added up the country's highest number of consumers wishing to change their operator by retaining their numbers. \"Merely changing operators under the number portability plan is proving to be painful for most. Consumers' agony may raise, especially for those who have just switched over to one of the troubled companies. TRAI should now lay down norms for operators ensuring that users get not only good services but also at affordable rates and without much hardship,\" said Achintya Mukherjee of Bombay Telephone Users' Association.Some telecom companies in the city and state, however, refuted the speculation and said users would not have to suffer any network congestion or switch-over hardship following the SC ruling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11733216", "title": "Fast by teacher held for attack on minister", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 53-year-old schoolteacher, arrested in connection with the recent attack on panchayati raj minister Maheswar Mohanty, started an indefinite fast on Thursday inside the Puri district jail claiming he had been falsely implicated in the case.Bhubanananda Sarangi, headmaster of Pratap Purusottampur High School in Chandanpur, was arrested a day after Mohanty was attacked at an election meeting in Puri district on Monday evening. Sarangi is the father of Kali Prasad Sarangi, the Youth Congress president of Brahmagiri constituency, where Mohanty was attacked. Kali Prasad, who is also an accused in the case, has not been arrested yet.\"The school teacher was framed in the case just because he was the father of a Congress activist. In stead of arresting the real culprits, police picked up the teacher. Hence, he has started a fast protesting against police action,\" Sarangi's lawyer Priyadarshan Pattnaik said. Incidentally, the BJD has held the Congress responsible for the attack, much to the latter's denial. The Congress ascribed the attack to BJD \"infighting\".Puri district jail superintendent (in-charge) Rabindranath Swain said Sarangi was hell-bent against taking food since morning. \"We tried our best to feed him, but in vain. We have informed our higher authorities - the district collector, the SP and the local court,\" Swain added.\"We are closely monitoring his health conditions. Doctors are present in the jail,\" Swain added. Sarangi had not ended his fast till evening.Earlier, police had arrested the main accused in the case, Baladhadra Bhoi, who had attacked Mohanty with an iron rod. He was nabbed at the spot itself. Based on the complaint of the husband of a local BJD zilla parishad candidate, police had booked seven persons, including Bhoi and Sarangi, in connection with the attack. Some of the accused are relatives of Congress-backed candidates for the panchayat elections, sources said.\"Our inquiry is on. Other culprits would be arrested soon,\" Puri SP Anup Kumar Sahoo told TOI. He, however, refused to comment on the motive of the attack.Meanwhile, some locals smelt a revenge angle in the incident. Sources said one of the accused (not arrested yet) was in the BJD until recently, before he joined the Congress, after his wife was denied a BJD ticket to contest as a zila parishad candidate.\"When he sought an explanation from Mohanty in a meeting as to why his wife was denied ticket, Mohanty's supporters tried to suppress him. We suspect he might have been the mastermind behind the attack,\" a villager said. His wife is now contesting as a Congress zila parishad candidate from the locality, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11735299", "title": "Patients at four CHCs to get free meals under JSSY", "text": "KANPUR: The patients undergoing treatment under Janani Avam Shishu Suraksha Yojana (JSSY) will soon get the benefits of free meals daily at four community health centres (CHCs) in the district.This facility is already available in all the district hospitals. These are AHM-Dufferin Hospital, Upper India Sugar Exchange Jachcha Bachcha Hospital and Ursala Horseman Hospital.The CHCs in Sarsaul, Ghatampur, Kalyanpur and Patara were enlisted in the scheme recently.\"As per the norms of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), every patient admitted under JSSY scheme must be provided four meals daily which includes two meals, breakfast and evening milk. This practice was already observed in all the district hospitals. But after witnessing a considerable rise in the number of deliveries in the enlisted CHCs, it was decided that even the patients in these community health centres should also get this facility,\" chief medical officer Jai Singh said.He said that the free food facility will start after elections.The CMO clarified that the JSSY and NRHM norms, food can only be provided in CHCs if the number of deliveries is more than 200.\"Most probably from March all the JSSY patients admitted in Sarsaul, Kalyanpur, Patara and Ghatampur CHCs will be given free food as per the prescribed diet norms of NRHM,\" Singh added.As per the diet chart provided by the health department, Rs 70 is spent on each patient's meal daily. It includes fruits and milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11736450", "title": "New bridges will ease traffic snarls", "text": "KOCHI: If you have been one of the thousands of travel-weary commuters who were always caught in the perpetual traffic jams at Thevara Junction and Edappally railway crossing, you can now heave a sigh of relief.Two bridges on these roads, that are to be inaugurated on Saturday, will save you hours of commuting time. The bridges will be inaugurated by defence minister A K Antony and chief minister Oommen Chandy. The Venduruthy Vikrant Bridge will help improve connectivity between the city and places like Fort Kochi, Mattancherry, Thoppumpady, Edakochi and Willington Island in West Kochi, serving the needs of about 2.5 lakh West Kochi residents.The Edappally (ROB) will decongest traffic on National Highway 17 (NH17), which connects the city with suburb northern Paravur and beyond. It will facilitate movement of more than 20,000 vehicles per day.\"Traffic snarls are a regular feature on the old Venduruthy Bridge which withstood the impact of being rammed by dredgers. During peak hours the new bridge will save you up to 30 minutes,\" said Eapen Kalapurackal, secretary, Cochin Chamber of Commerce and Industry.At present, commuters are using the bridge built by the British in the late 1930s. The new bridge has been named Venduruthy Vikrant, after India's first aircraft carrier INS Vikrant, following a request made by the Indian Navy which helped the Kerala Road Fund Board in completing the project.Meanwhile, Edappally ROB, a project that was sanctioned in 2004, will ease traffic on the busy NH17. The frequent movement of trains had turned the Edappally railway crossing into a traffic nightmare with vehicles stalled for hours together near the crossing.\"There are times when ambulances get blocked here. There have also been instances when patients were taken out from the ambulance on a stretcher and taken to the hospital. A patient was knocked down and killed by the train while trying to cross the railway line. This ROB will prevent such incidents,\" said Dr Prem Nair, medical director, Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences (AIMS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11726926", "title": "Starry night of 'London Paris New York'", "text": "The cast of the film \" London Paris New York\" was spotted in the capital recently, and spent the evening dancing and interacting with Delhiites.We spotted lead actors Ali Zafar and Aditi Rao Hydari, along with producers Goldie Behl and Shrishti Arya, and Anu Menon, the director of the film, at this filmi do.Goldie, who came minus wife Sonali Bendre as she was busy with their kid, told us, \"Ali is a multi-talented person, and we are lucky to have him not just as an actor in the movie, but also because he gave some melodious compositions for it.\"And as if to validate this point, Ali then sang some songs from the movie along with Aditi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734552", "title": "Cops rapped over attack on 68-yr-old", "text": "MUMBAI: Castigating the police for being a silent spectator, literally, when an elderly woman was being beaten up by a developer and his associates, the Bombay High Court asked, \"Are we ruled by builders?\"A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode on Thursday was hearing a petition filed by a 68-year-old woman from Worli, Anusuya Patil, alleging that a builder and his men assaulted her in the presence of a police officer. The common man had no say when a builder was involved, the HC added.In her petition, Patil has urged the court to take steps against the builder, Sonu Gavalkar, and his associates and inspector of the Dadar police station Vilas More.According to Patil's petition, she had had a dispute with the builder over the non-compliance of the development agreement entered between the developer and her brother in Worli Koliwada. On December 9, 2011, the developer, along with his associates and the inspector, came to her Worli residence and beat her up, the petition stated. In fact, she had to be taken to KEM Hospital for treatment of her injuries due to blows and kicks. When she went to the Dadar police station, the officer merely lodged a non-cognizable complaint, Patil said. Receiving no help from them, she wrote to the police commissioner and other senior officers. On December 26, 2011, she was called to the police station and her statement was recorded. However, in spite of that, no action was allegedly taken, following which, she moved the HC.Patil's advocate Jitendra Mishra argued: \"A 68-year-old woman was mercilessly assaulted by the builder and his associates in the presence of a police officer. Despite her complaint, no action has been taken.\"Hearing it, the judges observed that Mumbai was being ruled by builders and even the government was helpless. Justice Kanade said, \"The government is powerless in a situation where we are ruled by builders. A police officer works for the citizens or for the builders? Is the situation so bad in Mumbai?\" The judges said a \"poor defenceless woman was attacked in the presence of a police officer\". \"This is not a happy situation. The poor and helpless have no right in this country. We'll go to the bottom of this (matter),\" said Justice Kanade.Additional public prosecutor Poornima Kantharia said the police had conducted preliminary inquiry. \"In such matters, they should have taken action. They should see if a complaint was cognizable or not. An inquiry can't go on indefinitely. This is one area the police need to look into. It cannot be that inquiry goes on for months. They can't sit on an inquiry indefinitely,\" said Kantharia. The judges have directed her to \"find out the reason\" for the delay and posted the hearing on February 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "the bravia sadir theatre festival will be hosted at kala academy from february 3-5, with two plays a day on february 4 and 5 and one play on the opening day. the 5 programmes are", "code": "11735124", "title": "Bravia Sadir theatre festival at Panaji", "text": "The Bravia Sadir theatre festival will be hosted at Kala Academy from February 3-5, with two plays a day on February 4 and 5 and one play on the opening day. The 5 programmes are: 'Katkon Trikon'-a Marathi play by Girish Joshi featuring Mohan Agashe, 'Sakuntalam'-in Kutiyattam style from Kerala by Venu Gopal and Kumari Kapila Venu, 'Fana'a-a theatre dance with Sufi music by Navtej Singh Johar, 'Adhe Adhure'-a Hindi play by Mohan Rakesh and 'Sex, Morality &amp; Censorship' by Sunil Shanbag. The tickets are priced at 500, 250, 100 and 50. Around 100 tickets each are reserved for senior citizens and students and 50 tickets for the handicapped and are priced at 100 and 50. Students can buy the tickets by producing their college/school identity cards. The tickets will be sold at the Kala Academy counter, Casa J D Fernandes in Panaji, Kitchenette in Margao, Natural Ice cream outlets in Panaji, Margao, Vasco, Calangute and Ponda and with the festival coordinator.'Cherubs' concert at KA: 'Cherubs', the children's choir of Holy Family Parish, Alto Porvorim, will stage its second spiritual concert of songs, dances and skits at the Kala Academy, Panaji on February 19 at 10am. The spiritual concert, 'Celebrate God in Creation', is based on archbishop Felipe Neri Ferrao's pastoral letter for the current year and the next titled 'Covenant Between Human Beings and Creation: Divine Love's Manifestation'. Ferrao will be the chief guest.The 'Cherubs' had previously staged its acclaimed concert 'Celebrate Jesus' in 2007. \"Formed in 2000, the Cherubs is an amateur choir comprising catechism children in the age group of 8 to 14 years. They sing every Sunday for the 9am children's mass at Holy Family Church, and have many other performances to their credit,\" said Holy Family Church parish priest Fr Tomas Lobo.TB health visitors course:The TB health visitor's course conducted by The Tuberculosis association of India will commence from July 1 at the New Delhi TB centre, New Delhi. The nine-month course will include both theoretical and practical training. The minimum qualification for admission to this course is 10+2 with science (Biology group). The maximum age limit is 28 years as on July 1 2012. Relaxation of age for candidates working in government institutions may be permitted by the selection committee. Applications forms and other necessary information are available at the Tuberculosis Association of Goa office, Nizari Bhavan, Menezes Braganza road, Panaji. For more details call on 2434673.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11740200", "title": "'BMC schools lack basic facilities'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Right to Education Act has surely brought relief to many children, but a recent survey of the state of municipal schools in Mumbai has shed light on glaring loopholes in the implementation of the Act. Be it provision of basic infrastructure or sanitation facilities for students in civic schools, the survey found out the problems faced by a majority of BMC schools in the city.Child Rights and You (CRY) conducted a survey on 52 BMC-run schools in the city and focused primarily on the quality of education provided to students. Library and computer facilities were missing in most of the schools and 73% of the schools didnt even have a library in place. While drinking water is available in schools, there were no purifiers in 55% schools and 50% of these schools didnt even have proper toilet facilities for the children, said Priya Rabadi, a member of CRY. She said bus facilities were not provided in 95% of these schools and there were absolutely no provisions like ramps or lifts for the physically handicapped/ challenged students.The study pointed out a significant delay in the distribution of the 27 items that each of the students studying in a civic school is entitled to. While a majority of civic schools dont even get all of these 27 items, we were surprised that these 52 schools were providing children with all the items. However, if a student receives a raincoat two months after the rainy season begins, it does not serve the purpose, Rabadi said. She said a majority of these schools are only up to Class VII, forcing students to drop out or travel far from their homes for further education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11736370", "title": "Appy world of Gen I: iPOD, iPAD &amp; PS", "text": "On weekend mornings, it's become an unwritten ritual for Poonam and Naveen Shetty to read out stories on their iPad to their son Atharva, 7. Story narration over, Atharva is allowed to play games of his choice on the iPad for about an hour. Gone are the days when parents would read out from the Panchatantra. Today , practically every activity related to children is done on laptops, Macs or iPads.Atharva and his friends prefer to sit on their bean bags and play football, cricket or even baseball on their PlayStation, in the comfort of an air-conditioned home, rather than go out in the sun and drain themselves: they aren't ordinary kids, they are e-kids !\"It isn't that I don't like to go out and play, but PlayStation games are great fun. I enjoy it a lot because I don't need a friend. I can simply play by myself,\" says Atharva.Poonam, too, doesn't mind her son spending time on the PlayStation. \"I get tense when Atharva steps out of the house. He is very hyper and capable of injuring himself. If he's at home, I'm at peace,\" explains Poonam!Gizmos have become so child-friendly that the market is flooded with software specially designed for children.iPods and iPads , which have become children's best friends, have inbuilt App Stores that help users download about 5 lakh applications from iTunes. \"Children prefer downloading Angry Birds, Paint Brush, Disney creatures etc. and play. It's easy and great fun,\" said a trader.\"Children mostly prefer games and music. Applications which are helpful for school projects are in demand. But when it comes to computers , parents prefer to buy desktops over laptops for children,\" said Praveen Mehta, owner of Computer Warehouse.But when you buy what your child wants, it is equally important to keep a watch on their activities . Says Darshan Nayak, a software professional : \"I am always around when my sons operate the iPad at home. Once, when my son Aditya was searching for a cartoon character, the image of a semi-nude woman popped up. My son was embarrassed, and then on, I decided to monitor him and my younger son,\" said Darshan.Darshan is also alert on the use of facebook and G-talk by his sons. \"Children are very innocent . They don't know the disadvantages of overexposure of social networking sites. So I make sure they use it only for networking,\" he said.Although kids are still kids, they have i-volved . A survey done by Turner International on children below 14 years of age, throws up some interesting statistics about children and technology . The national-level survey indicates that children are increasingly interacting online, are more informed and influential.It also reveals that Bangalore stands at number two in the country, with 46% kids owning mobile phones. IT City also ranks third on the chart when it comes to the availability of diverse technology like mobile phones, iPods, MP3, internet, computers and DVD players at homes.Indicating the increase in awareness about hi-tech stuff among kids, the survey further indicates that there's been a surge in the number of children using the technology. There were only 17% below the age of 14 that had access to mobile phones 10 years ago. The share reached 59% after five years and the latest survey in 2011 shows that 92% of the same sample size today has access to mobile phones.On the internet, it's children who are teaching parents. As many as 48% of the sample size below 14 years of age use the internet, whereas only 23% of parents are comfortable with the technology. The survey further states that 50%-75 % of parents consult their kids below the age of 14, while purchasing cars and computers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11735055", "title": "Arthur talks big about his Fatorda plans", "text": "MARGAO: Aiming to be on top of the situation currently prevailing in Fatorda constituency, aspiring candidate Arthur D'Silva said both national parties know he will win the forthcoming elections and therefore \"Congress is struggling to select its candidate while BJP's sitting MLA is thinking of contesting from Margao or Curtorim\".Addressing reporters on Thursday, the Fatorda councillor in the Margao municipality lashed out at the Congress and BJP \"for failing to provide and maintain basic civic amenities for the last 20 years\". He said once elected he would join the government only on condition that Fatorda is developed.\"The sitting MLA's favourite answer when asked why there is no proper development in Fatorda is that he is in the opposition. But the people of Fatorda cannot accept this as he has been an MLA for the last 10 years,\" said D'Silva.Taking a dig at Congressman Vijai Sardesai, D'Silva said the \"unofficial amdar (MLA)\" from Fatorda was only carrying out development by getting media publicity for himself, but had failed to take measures to reduce the traffic congestion at the roundabout right next to the Congress block office at Gogol.D'Silva said that if elected he would form a special technical committee to look into providing basic amenities, especially improving the roads. He promised to repair SC/ST families' houses in Borda.Fellow councillor Raju Naik said D'Silva would look into providing a lift facility at Junta quarters and also push the government to make provisions for retired government servants forced to leave the quarters.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734889", "title": "Tiger fest on Feb 10 &amp;11 to promote wildlife tourism", "text": "NAGPUR: After the TOI's Waghpur campaign that culminated in state declaring Nagpur as 'Gateway to the Tiger Land' early last year, hardly anything was done by stakeholders to explore the various possibilities and avenues of development that such a status might bring.Finally, Vidarbha Economic Development (VED) Council and CENIN Travels are organising a two day Wagh Utsav to promote tiger tourism in the region. \"We are organising this to bring all stakeholders together to work for the development of the region,\" said Vilas Kale, one of the organizers. The event will take place on February 10 and 11 at South Central Zone Cultural Centre (SCZCC).Apart from a host of events marking the event, the Day Two of the Utsav will also see launch of Friends of Tiger Country - Central India by Sushmita Sen who will be the brand ambassador of the organization. \"Sushmita Sen will also enrol as the first friend of the Tiger Country,\" informed Kale.Various competitions will be held during the two-day festival in which students from across the city will be taking part. The famous Wagh dance of Nagpur will be the star attraction of the event. \"Wagh dance is unique to Nagpur wherein people paint themselves in colours of tiger and dance to the rhythm of drumbeats,\" Kale said.Other events include drawing competition for kids with the theme being 'Friends of Tiger', amateur photography competition on 'Splendours of Tiger Country', inter-collegiate skit contest and fashion show by INIFD. Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC), SCZCC and Radio Mirchi are also supporting this initiative.\"The status that Nagpur holds as Gateway to Tiger Land is unique. TOI did a great effort when it undertook the Waghpur campaign, similar efforts are required to translate this status into tangible gains for the region,\" said Kale. Devendra Parekh, president VED said, \"VED has always been at the forefront in the cause of Vidarbha's development. It is important for us to realize our assets to increase the influx of capital in the region for growth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11736510", "title": "Better be there: CM", "text": "BANGALORE: A normally cheerful chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda lost his cool when he found that officials were not present in the legislative council during his reply.Gowda warned that action would be taken against officials who are not present in the House during the session. \"It's a serious matter. Action will be taken against them without any hesitation,\" he fumed when opposition members took exception to the absence of departmental heads.JD(S) floor leader MC Nanaiah criticised officials for their lackadaisical attitude and demanded suspension. \"Do the officials work for free? The government should immediately suspend officials who don't attend the session. Else, we'll be forced to move a breach of privilege motion against them ,\" he said. The CM's principal secretary ISN Prasad too wasn't spared -- he faced the ire of council members for not following the protocol of standing up while speaking to the CM.While replying to a query, Gowd went to Prasad, who was seated in the officials' gallery, to seek some clarification.The officer did not stand up while speaking to the CM. Marithibbe Gowda (independent ) took exception to it. Deputy chairman Vimala Gowda raised an objection and directed officers to follow protocol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11736645", "title": "Excise officer held for helping liquor mafia", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An excise preventive officer, who had been acting as a mole in the department and helping the illicit liquor mafia was trapped by the excise intelligence wing. I P K Rajan (52), attached to Kollam excise division, was arrested by the excise intelligence division of Ernakulam on Wednesday.According to officials, Rajan was under their radar for quite some time for his alleged connections with the inter-state illicit liquor mafia.He came under the sleuth's scanner after a raid conducted by excise officials busted an illegal liquor manufacturing centre that functioned in a residential colony at Menamkulam near Kazhakoottam here in July 2010. In the raid, the officials had confiscated 1,721 litres of illicit liquor, duplicate holograms, a bottling machine and additives such as caramel and syrups to give the liquor the flavour of rum and brandy. One of the accused, Thekkummoodu Shibu, who was subsequently arrested, had confessed about Rajan's activities to the investigation team. Rajan was then attached to the Thiruvananthapuram excise division.Shibu also told the investigation team that the members of the racket functioned just like the links in a chain, where one link had access only to its flanking links. This way, Rajan was in constant touch with Shibu and Sarasan, another member of the gang.The assistant commissioner filed a report in this regard before the excise commissioner and Rajan was placed under suspension, but was reinstated in service later and transferred to Kollam division. In the meantime, the investigation team traced Rajan's secret mobile phone number and found out that he had made over 6,000 calls to the phones of Shibu and Sarasan. This confirmed his involvement in the racket.Rajan was produced before the Attingal judicial first class magistrate's court and remanded in judicial custody. Assistant excise commissioner N S Salim Kumar said that he would take custody of Rajan from the court on Thursday for further interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733797", "title": "SC verdict bad news for Raja in trial?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court was scathing in its attack of former telecom minister A Raja, for the way he went about ignoring the prime minister and other members of the Cabinet to give away spectrum at throwaway prices to preferred companies. The sharp remarks against Raja, who completed one year in jail on Thursday, could have serious implications on his trial.The SC indicted Raja for \"virtually gifting away the important national asset at throwaway prices\".While Raja has maintained before the trial court that he did nothing wrong and the policy was in public interest, the apex court viewed the exercise of license distribution undertaken by Department of Telecom (DoT) under Raja's leadership as \"wholly arbitrary, capricious and contrary to public interest\".These remarks by SC will boost the prosecution's case against Raja, punching holes in his defence.While defending his policy as telecom minister before the special CBI court, Raja had submitted that it was because of his policy that mobile phone call rates came down and they became affordable to even a 'rickshaw wala'. \"It was my obligation to social justice that every man on the street should have a mobile phone. I am a servant of my people and I made the call rates of mobile phone so cheap that even a 'rickshaw wala' or a maid servant can be seen using it,\" Raja had said.SC in its order pulled up TRAI for adopting a \"lopsided\" approach in grant of licenses saying it \"became a handle for Raja\" to \"virtually gift away the important national asset at throwaway prices\".TRAI had recognized in its recommendations that spectrum was a scarce commodity but it preferred to recommend allocation of 2G spectrum on the basis of 2001 price by invoking the \"theory of level-playing field\", the bench said.\"All this was done in the name of growth, affordability, penetration of wireless services in semi-urban and rural areas, etc. Unfortunately, while doing so, TRAI completely overlooked that one of the main objectives of New Telecom Policy (NTP) 1999 was that spectrum should be utilised efficiently, economically, rationally and optimally and there should be a transparent process of allocation of frequency spectrum,\" the bench said.In the trial court, Raja has all along maintained that he had not done anything wrong and was merely following the policies pursued by his predecessors and the NDA government. The 47-year-old DMK MP had pleaded before the judge that there was nothing wrong in his decision of not auctioning 2G spectrum as he had \"implemented only what I have inherited.\"The SC, however, viewed all the steps taken by Raja - keeping the applications received for licenses pending, not placing the TRAI recommendations before the Telecom Commission, non consultation with finance minister on spectrum pricing, abruptly changing the cut off date - all aimed at benefitting some of the real estate companies who didn't have any experience in dealing with telecom services. \"The manner in which the exercise for grant of LoIs to the applicants was conducted on January 10, 2008 leaves no room for doubt that everything was stage managed to favour those who were able to know in advance the change in the implementation of the first come first served policy,\" it noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11735327", "title": "Pay property tax in six instalments now", "text": "RAJKOT: There are some good news for those who don't want to pay their property tax in lump sum. In a first initiative of its kind, the Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) will allow property tax to be paid in six instalments from April 1.\"Taxpayers can pay their dues in six instalments from April 1 to September 30. This is the first such initiative by any corporation in the state,'' said a senior RMC official.In order to avail the benefits of this system, taxpayers have to register for Electronic Clearing System (ECS) through which instalments will be accepted by the RMC.\"The idea behind the property tax payment in instalments is to give relaxation in payments to citizens if they can't pay their tax dues in one go. On the one hand, the RMC will have a continuous income flow through instalment payments and on the other, taxpayers will also have some respite,\" the official added.The RMC expects that the initiative will get good response from the taxpayers in the city. \"We hope at least 3,000 people will choose this payment option,\" the official said. According to the RMC, in 2010-11, the civic body's tax branch targeted Rs 150 crore as property tax.Property tax constitutes a major chunk of income for the RMC. \"This is a pilot project and if successful, we may allow instalment option for other taxes too,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11733947", "title": "ICMR to set up 234 labs in three years", "text": "PUNE: A network of 234 laboratories will be set up in the next three years across the country to fight diseases, said V M Katoch, director general of Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) at the diamond jubilee celebration of National Institute of Virology (NIV), here on Thursday.The move is aimed at bridging the shortage of laboratories dedicated to early detection and diagnosis of diseases. \"Of the total number of proposed labs, 20 are already ready and have started rendering services,\" Katoch said.He exhorted scientists and students of virology to choose researches on diseases that need to be conquered and dedicate themselves to the work. \"On one side we are excelling in sciences, but on the other, we are losing many lives to common fever and infections,\" he said.Professor V I Mathan, former ICMR's Chair of Epidemiology, also urged scientists to take up research on viral infections that affect many. \"The NIV has given excellent diagnostic tools to the country. But, can we make a diagnostic tool for diseases like malaria and dengue that could be used even by a village health worker? The way the glucometer has reached masses, scientists at NIV should take up the challenge to prepare diagnostic tools which can be used even by a layman.\"In a lecture held prior to the main function, Mathan emphasised on involving clinicians on research projects. \"The ICMR and its related research organisations should adopt or involve clinicians in their research projects. There are many doctors out there who are eager to join research work,\" Mathan said.A C Mishra, director of NIV, spoke about the work culture and functioning at NIV. \"The institute has created a mark of its own with sheer hard work and work culture that promotes learning. There is no babugiri (babudom) at NIV.\"Talking about the institute's future progress, Mishra said, \"The NIV is getting younger each year. The institute is 60 years young now. It will remain young because hope is attached to NIV.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11734886", "title": "Driver 'misbehaves' with nursery girl student", "text": "PATNA: Agitated over the alleged misbehaviour on part of the driver of the Al-Hira Public School at Sharif Colony under the Pirbahore police station with a day nursery girl student, a group of people on Thursday indulged in vandalism on the school campus, damaging the windowpanes of two school vehicles and other properties of the school, including a computer.School director Mohd Anwar said the mother of a four-year-old girl student of the day nursery met vice-principal Amid Nadvi on Wednesday and alleged that jeep driver Mohd Ashraf, on whose vehicle her daughter goes to the school, misbehaves with her.\"Since I was out of Patna on Wednesday, Nadvi assured the girl's mother that the driver would be removed once the director returned to Patna on Thursday,\" the director said and added that he made several calls on the driver's cellphone on Thursday but he did not respond.Anwar said he along with the girl's mother and her relatives also visited the driver's house but he was not present there. He said he had assured the girl's mother of removing the driver once he reported for duty.\"The agitators did not pay heed to my pleas and indulged in vandalism, damaging the windowpanes of two school vehicles. They also damaged a computer and broke the windowpanes of an almirah and the glass sheet of a table besides damaging some chairs,\" he said. \"I was surprised over their behaviour as I was not shielding the driver,\" the director said.Anwar said the agitators later left for the Pirbahore police station to file a writtencomplaint. The director said he has also asked his lawyer to file a complaint with the police in connection with the incident.However, Pirbahore police station SHO Asrar Ahmad said no formal complaint had been lodged in this connection so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11738206", "title": "Sridevi to help NRI women", "text": "One of Bollywood's most reclusive divas is all set to break free of her unapproachable image to reach out to thousands of women across the world.Sridevi has so far restricted her limitless talents to her on-screen roles, keeping herself aloof from life beyond the camera and and beyond the domain of her domesticity.That is about to change. The shy hermetic diva is about to come out and reach out to a very special galaxy of Indian women across the world: the NRI housewives who find themselves isolated in foreign lands due to linguistic constraints.To rewind a bit, Sridevi in her comeback film 'English Vinglish' plays an Indian housewife in New York , compelled to grapple with a whole cultural transition.Linguistic barriers play a very prominent part in the film. Sridevi will take the message of linguistic bridge-building beyond the film, to Indian housewives across the world via the digital and various other media.Though the plans at this moment are absolutely hush-hush we've come to know that the producers of 'English Vinglish' plan to establish a rapport between Sridevi and NRI women through micro-blogging sites.Says a source close to the project, \"Sridevi who has never known a world outside her home and family would be addressing NRI women on Facebook. She will also open a Twitter account meant specificially for Indian women in distress, particular, linguistic distress, in any part of the world. In essence, she would be required to break free of her shy reclusive image to reach out, and offer remedies to women caught in critical situations.\"A panel of experts would guide Sridevi in providing advise to women on topics that she may not be familiar with. But we came to know that Sridevi intends to handle the international crisis-management provision for ladies largely by herself.An international distress helpline is also in the offing.Says a source close to the project, \"We're hugely surprised by how much effort Sri has made to overcome her inherent shyness to reach out. The process started during the shooting. She made an effort to bond with actors of every nationality. Now she has wholeheartedly agreed to lend her celebrity status to Indian women abroad who have lost their bearings and are clueless about how to get back on the radar. Sri empathizes with their predicament. She has been a bit of an Alice In Wonderland in Bollywood.\"When contacted the film's producer, filmmaker R Balki explained, \"We always intended to take the film's statement to a world outside the theatre. Yes, Sri will form a community of overseas women, digitally and otherwise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735615", "title": "'Lodge case against politicians if they fail to deliver poll promises'", "text": "LUCKNOW: People turned up in huge numbers to participate in the rally of Team Anna at Barabanki and Gonda on Thursday. Several members of Team Anna, including Kiran Bedi and Manish Sisodia, addressed the gathering at both the places. The team began the first day of its campaign by visiting the shrine of Dewa Sharif and offering 'chadar'. Later, the team addressed the gathering of people at Fatehpur tehsil. Kiran Bedi said voters should lodge a case under section 420 of IPC against politicians, if they fail to deliver on the promises made in their manifestos.The team then went Ramlila Maidan of Gonda. The team, besides highlighting corruption, also wants to make people aware of the stand taken by each of the political parties on Jan Lokpal bill, through its campaign in UP. At Gonda, a 7,000-strong crowd had gathered at the venue to listen to Team Anna members. The team, on Friday, will hold rallies in Faizabad and Basti. In days to come, the team will be holding similar rallies in Ghaziabad, Ballia, Allahabad and other places.The rallies will be held till February 25, though, not at a stretch. \"Beni Prasad Verma had challenged us to enter Gonda. We not only did that, but also got a huge public support,\" said Sanjay Singh, a core committee member of India Against Corruption.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736388", "title": "Help at hand for state board pupils", "text": "MUMBAI: Weeks before the start of the HSC and SSC examinations, the state board has announced numbers of various psychiatrists for students as well as parents.Apart from the board line that is available for students every year, for the first time, pupils will get a chance to share stressrelated problems with experts.\"As our operators did not have an understanding of stress-related issues, we decided to bring aboard experts to help students ,\" said Ravindra Bhise, divisional secretary of the state board.The numbers are: 25706000/9860266345 (24 hours), 24382525/9820023014 (3pm to 5pm), 24454836/9820646115 (5pm to 10pm), 9869377339 (8am to 10am and 7.30pm to 9.30pm) and 9819269628 (5pm to 10pm).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "11735293", "title": "Global markets bloom for South Gujarat farmers", "text": "SURAT : Flowers grown in south Gujarat have begun to find their way to world's biggest flower markets of Amsterdam in Holland and London in United Kingdom on a regular basis.Different varieties of Dutch roses that are being grown in the green houses of Mahudi of Vyara in Tapi district and Bagumara and Bardoli of Surat district reach the markets in Tokyo, Dubai and those in European countries via Amsterdam every week.Ankit Desai, a green house consultant, said, \"Three firms from south Gujarat export as much as 1.5 lakh Dutch roses from the state. One of these also exports 50,000 Gerbera flowers to London.\"Snehal Patel, owner of S Agro, has green houses spread over 9 acres of land in Mahudi in Vyara. Nimesh Bachkaniwala of Anand Exports has green houses spread over 13 acres near Bardoli and Suresh Parmar of Shital Biotech has set up green houses on 11 acres near Bardoli.Bachkaniwala family, which is traditionally into textile business, started high tech rose farming three years ago. Nimesh Bachkaniwala said, \"High-tech farming is more paying thus we ventured into it. Demand for roses is very high in foreign countries and the rate is at least Rs 4 per flower.\" He is the only one in Gujarat, who exports Gerbera to Japan. A consignment of 50,000 flowers is shipped on a weekly basis during the season.\"On an average a Dutch rose fetches Rs 8 or 15 cents to a farmer and the price could go as high as 0.50$ or Rs 25 per flower,\" said Desai, adding that this has made many farmers in the region to take up high tech farming.The initial cost of setting up a green house on one acre of land could be as high as Rs 50 lakh. However, 50 per cent government subsidy has made it an attractive business for some farmers.Assistant director, horticulture , Surat, Dinesh Pataliya, said nearly 150 new green houses will be set up in the coming year in Surat district itself. World flower market is worth 60 million US dollars. Major exporters to Amsterdam market are Columbia, Equador, Kenya, Israel, Costa Rica, Thailand, Poland, India, China, Korea and Mexico in that order. Flowers are dispatched to buyers in 120 countries from Amsterdam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11734918", "title": "BJP may yield to Shripad's 'state' desire", "text": "PANAJI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is in damage control mode, and it is likely to reconsider the decision with regards not to allow north Goa member of parliament Shripad Naik to enter state politics. BJP national president Nitin Gadkari is expected to take the final call when he visits the state.Gadkari is scheduled to arrive on February 4; sources in the BJP camp said that Gadkari is likely to meet Naik to discuss his entry into state politics. Sources also said that Gadkari may permit Naik to join state politics.It may be recalled that recently, Naik had informed that high command of the consequences if he does not contest the election. He had also stopped participating in the state election committee meeting to finalize candidates after he was denied the BJP ticket in Porvorim.The differences between Naik and leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar has damaged the image of both leaders and to avoid further damage, Naik's decision is likely to be reconsidered by the party.The party's state election committee met on Thursday night and finalized 20 candidates out of which 12 are from South Goa and 8 from North Goa. Sources said that most sitting MLAs' names have been cleared except two. Sources also said that the committee will once again meet on Friday to finalize the remaining candidates.\"We have discussed all constituencies except the ones which we are discussing with the MGP. So far nothing has been finalized and we will meet again to finalize the candidates,\" said Laximikant Parsekar, BJP state president.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11737705", "title": "Arrow removed from man's neck", "text": "INDORE: A 30-year-old man, Pappu Yogi, with an arrow stuck deep into his neck, was successfully operated upon at MY hospital here on Tuesday.Yogi, a resident of Khargone, was returning home after his work when some unidentified miscreants beat him up and demanded money. On refusal, they attacked him with an arrow which penetrated deep into his neck.Yogi was immediately rushed to a local hospital in Khargone from where he was referred to MY Hospital in Indore late on Tuesday night. The doctors performed surgery and removed the arrow from his neck. His condition is said to be stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11735458", "title": "Offices of 20 agents sealed in student visa scam", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After unearthing a scam of student visas last year, Chandigarh police on Thursday claimed to expose a racket of unscrupulous agents who were fraudulently assisting gullible people in procuring work permits in gulf countries.Police have sealed the offices of 20 agents, who were running this business without any licence, and also arrested two persons. Police claimed that it is a multi-million fraud and is a close-knitted nexus that involved many big names.\"These companies are running their business by sending aspirants abroad on work permit visa, without obtaining licence from the POE (Protector of Emigrants). These companies are not registered, they charge exorbitant about of around Rs 7 to 8 lakh and are also not responsible for any kind of eventuality,\" SSP Naunihal Singh said. \"As per rules, only Rs 25,000 or 45-day salary of the applicant can be charged by the agent. We have booked these firms under various sections of the IPC and Immigration Act,\" said Singh.Though police claim to have tightened the noose around fraud visa agents, but some them are still listed as \"authorized consultancy agencies\" on Chandigarh Police' official website.Chandigarh Police have booked 20 agents, who were fraudulently dealing with work permit visa and have sealed their premises, but at least five of them still figure among 134 names in the list of immigration consultancy agencies registered with local police.However, senior police officials also admitted that many of the consultants have furnished wrong details to them. Though they have set a deadline for errant agents to rectify their working, but it seems that police have forgotten to remove the names of the fraud agents from their official website.\"There are still 156 other agents, many of whom have either furnished fake details or have not submitted required documents. We are giving them one-week to comply by the rules otherwise action will be taken against them,\" said Naunihal Singh, senior superintendent of police (SSP), on Thursday.WWICS in Sector 22, Sri Balaji in Sector 17, Global Visa Consultancy in Sector 8 and Visa Ways Immigration Consultants in Sector 8 are some of the names whose offices have been sealed, but their names are there on the police website.\"It they can circumvent the rules right under cop's nose then the common man can't do anything. Just go to sectors 8 or 9 and there are scores of agents claiming to provide overseas work permit,\" said Abhishek Mishra, who had applied for a work permit in Oman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736369", "title": "Mumbai autos refuse to ply beyond Dahisar naka in protest", "text": "MUMBAI: Auto drivers in Mumbai have decided to stop plying beyond the Dahisar Check Naka in protest against the attack on a driver near the post on Wednesday.Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union leader Thampy Kurian condemned the incident and said it was the handiwork of a \"mafia\" that operates in Mira Road.\"This is sheer lawlessness. It is not the first time that our drivers have been targeted. In the past, there have been several such attacks ; our union has brought this to the notice of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority, but in vain. About a month back, I personally wrote a letter to them seeking protection for our drivers,\" Kurian said.TOI has in the recent past highlighted the ongoing feud between auto unions in Mumbai and Mira Road and the urgent need to resolve the conflict.Last year, RTO officials from Andheri had organized a tripartite meeting between union activists from Mumbai , Thane and Mira Road in Borivli and obtained assurances about the free movement of autos in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region. \"But this exercise seems to have been in futility,'' said an official from the transport department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11737916", "title": "Fish festival at Lal Parade ground from Feb 4", "text": "BHOPAL: Matsya Utsav and Machhua Panchayat will be held at the state capital from February 4 to 6. Machhua Panchayat will be held on February 4 at Lal Parade Ground during the mega event. Chief Minister Chouhan will interact with fishermen at Machhua Panchayat from 2 pm, talk to them and hear their problems.Seventy different stalls will be put up in the exhibition zone. This zone will have stalls of banks, CIFR Kolkata, CIFE Mumbai, Jharkhand, Assam, Orissa and Chhattisgarh, which will provide information about fish farming-related schemes. Adventure sports, hot-air balloon, bungee jumping etc will also be organised for children at Matsya Utsav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11736124", "title": "Mayor, several corporators in NCP\u2019s first list", "text": "PUNE: Mayor Mohansingh Rajpal and former mayor Rajlaxmi Bhosale are in the first list of candidates announced by the Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP) on Thursday.In a high profile fight, Rajpal will lock horns with BJP candidate and standing committee chairman Ganesh Bidkar in panel 39.The party announced a list of 52 general category candidates which includes some prominent corpo-rators including Shrikant Patil, Suresh Shevale, Baburao Chandere, Bapurao Karne, Balasaheb Bhodke, Vikas Dangat, Sandeep Ladkat, Subhash Jagtap and Vishal Tambe.It also included Republican Party of India's corporator Avinash Raj Salve who supported the Congress in the outgoing house. Bharati Kadam, a relative of former Congress corporator Suresh Kadam from Katraj, too got a ticket. Reshma Bhosale, wife of MLC Anil Bhosale, and former deputy mayor Nilesh Magar who was denied a nomination in the 2007 elections, were included.The party has nominated Prashant Jagtap instead of his mother corporator Ratnaprabha Jagtap in panel 61. Other candidates are likely to be announced on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733541", "title": "AIIMS scam: Net widens for four more", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly a month after busting an examination cheating racket at AIIMS, cops believe they are zeroing in on four other accused, who played an active role in running the racket in Delhi, UP and MP and Haryana.Seven people, including two doctors, had been arrested for leaking MD examination question papers through high-tech gadgets. This includes two doctors, an MBBS student Ravi Atri and Jagdish, who played the role of a middleman between the applicants and the gang.MBBS students Mohit Chaudhry and Ravi Atri were running the racket in collaboration with others. While Mohit is in custody, Ravi and Jagdish are on the run. Ravi, a resident of Baghpat in UP had gone missing a few days back. The crime branch had sent a team to Palwal but it returned empty handed.Bank accounts used by the accused, including one used by a UP Assembly election candidate to fund his poll campaign, have been identified.Police teams have been dispatched across four states to nab the accused. Ravi, a first-year student of PGI Medical College, Rohtak, may have roped in his own gang of doctors.\"This means that the number of aspirants in touch with the gang automatically goes up. We can get further inputs on this only after Ravi's arrest,\" said a source.The total number of doctors under scanner is now 11, said a crime branch source.. \"Jagdish managed the clients as a single-window reference. His job also included projecting Ravi as the man who can secure admissions to any professional course for students of Indore,\" said the source.However, cops also fear that those arrested may have destroyed some crucial evidence in the form of special T-shirts that came fitted with Bluetooth devices, earphones and SIM cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11733714", "title": "BJP to raise allegation on solar power projects in the assembly", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking note of a report prepared by Delhi-based Centre for Science and Environment (CSE), which alleged irregularities in the implementation of National Solar Mission, the BJP has decided to raise the issue in the forthcoming budget session of the assembly. The BJP on Thursday demanded that the state government provide a factual report on the projects in the state under the mission.The CSE recently claimed that the distribution of projects worth Rs 13,000 crore to bidders last year were rigged to favour some companies, in violation of the guidelines. It had accused infrastructure company Lanco Infratech of grabbing many of the projects under the garb of nine different entities.With Rajasthan being the main beneficiary under the project, the BJP claimed that if irregularities had emerged at the Centre, it is most likely that the state too would have been a party to it. 'The National Solar Mission is a flagship programme of the Centre, which it sold to the state and the state is further selling it to lure investors. Even during the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas programme recently, the government had repeatedly talked about developing the state as a solar power hub,'' said Dr Jyoti Kiran, spokesperson of BJP.She said that it was shocking that it was an independent research body which has raked up the issue and brought to light the allegations of 40% tenders being allotted to a single firm. \"Why had the tendering not been made transparent by the Union government?'' asked Kiran, adding that it would be corruption and not benefits which would percolate down to the people under the mission.Kiran also questioned the economics behind the solar power projects in the state. \"While the production cost per unit is estimated to be between Rs 10-15, the discoms are expected to purchase it at Rs 5. Who will bear the difference?'' she asked, adding that it was an illusion of development the state and central government was trying to create but might not succeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11733508", "title": "Chidambaram appears his `usual\u2019 self on Judgement Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram, whose role was supposed to be clarified in the 2G case by the apex court on Thursday, appeared to be his 'usual' self attending all scheduled meetings of his ministry without giving a hint of any 'unease' from his side.He not only turned up for his first meeting, scheduled for 9.30 am, on matters concerning Jammu and Kashmir well on time, but also continued through a series of other meetings till the Union telecom minister Kapil Sibal dropped in at his North Block office after the apex court's order.Sibal met Chidambaram in his office, while the government was preparing to give its 'reaction' to the Supreme Court's judgment cancelling 121 2G licences. That was the only 'unscheduled' meeting in the North Block.As Sibal left for Group of Ministers (GoM) meeting on media that was convened before giving government's reaction to the apex court's order, Chidambaram too left the North Block with 'smile' on his face for Empowered GoM meeting on issue of disinvestment of the public sector oil company ONGC.Obviously, the home minister might have been informed by Sibal about the apex court's order by that time. But, Chidambaram left it to his other Cabinet colleagues to come out with reaction. Though he usually attends GoM on media briefings, he preferred to go for the 'scheduled' meeting on Thursday.He moved on for his other engagements of the day - first in the finance ministry over the ONGC issue and then at 7, Race Course Road (the Prime Minister's residence) for a number of Cabinet meetings including Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) and Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11734169", "title": "'Central IB officer floated ISI conspiracy theory for Godhra'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The officer from the Central Intelligence Bureau (IB) on whose questionable intelligence inputs fake encounters took place, was the one who floated the theory that the Godhra carnage was an ISI conspiracy.Then Central IB joint director, Ahmedabad - Rajendra Kumar came up with this theory within hours of S-6 coach of Sabarmati Express was torched near Godhra station killing 59 passengers on February 27, 2002. This has been told to the Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT) on May 9, 2008 by retired DGP R B Sreekumar.In his deposition before SIT, Sreekumar stated, \"Then DGP told me that Central IB joint director, Ahmedabad, Rajendra Kumar had come out with the theory of ISI conspiracy behind the Godhra incident and he had cajoled the DGP to pursue investigation, treating the Godhra incident as a conspiracy.\" If Sreekumar is to be believed, the story was concocted by the officer posted in Gujarat by the NDA government. This theory was vigorously pursued by the state government by invoking Pota against the accused. Finally, the theory was demolished by judgments passed by various courts.Suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt also substantiated Sreekumar's claims. In a letter written to SIT chief R K Raghavan, he stated that as an officer of State Intelligence Bureau (SIB), he conducted an inquiry into this issue and the SIB conclusions \"completely demolished the so-called conspiracy theory.\"Expressing disappointment about SIT's approach and apprehension that it would disregard the vital pieces of evidence, Sreekumar has appealed people to built pressure on the probe agency to be fair in its investigation and conclusions. Sreekumar had also told SIT in 2008 that enough evidence was on record \"to establish that the anti-minority genocide, following the Godhra train fire incident, was conceived, designed, organized, prepared and perpetrated by chief minister Narendra Modi , his cabinet colleagues and Sangh Pariwar leaders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11734880", "title": "Neeri, Purti to test industrial production of biofuel from algae", "text": "NAGPUR: Moving one step ahead in the development of a technology to produce biodiesel from algae, the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) is now planning to scale up the technology to industrial scale in collaboration with Purti Power and Sugar Ltd. If the scaling up yields good results, the technology would be commercialized by the industry to produce biodiesel using 'chlorella', an algae which has given good results at laboratory level. Neeri and Purti would be signing an MOU this week to start the scale up trials.The technology was developed by Tapan Chakrabarti, former acting Neeri director and head of the environment health division, its present chief K Krishnamurthi and his team in 2010. \"The department of biotechnology, government of India, which is funding the research has already given its nod for the venture. Once the MOU is signed this week, we would begin installing the technology at Purti's industrial unit at Bela, about 40km from the city. Though Neeri's technologies are being used in scaled up form in many fields, this one is particularly exciting as world over scientists are working on algae as a source of biofuel,\" said Satish Wate, Neeri director.Chakrabarti said that initially the institute would use chlorella algae based on their results, but later it could be a mixed culture of chlorella and another species, Scenedesmus. \"Purti has already prepared the water ponds for cultivation of the algae. We would be using fresh water and not industrial waste water as one may expect. This is being done to avoid presence of microorganisms like protozoa which can eat up the algae. Initially, the algae would be harvested every eight days but this time would be reduced later,\" he said.The biodiesel like chemical produced during the process will be first used up to top up diesel in fuel tanks by up to 10-30%. But the institute is trying to completely replace the diesel in one year, since it is anyway a fossil fuel which creates pollution. Biodiesel from the algae, though, is a renewable resource developed through an eco-friendly process which will utilize carbon dioxide generated by the industry.Hemant Jambhekar, in-charge of alternative fuel department at Purti, said, \"Once this scale up model works, technologically and economically, Neeri and Purti will work as business partners to take it forward.\"Krishnamurthi, who is heading the project now, says that since carbon dioxide is needed by plants to make food through photosynthesis, this process would directly sequester carbon, which is a big need of the hour. Also, the profit margin in the process will be very high as the cost of production is almost negligible. \"The process uses just sunlight, carbon dioxide and water. It serves a dual purpose. Industry gets rid of the pollutant while an alternative and renewable source of energy is generated,\" he said.The other scientists involved in the research include Abhay Fulke, SN Mudliar, Raju Yadav, Ajam Shekh, N Srinivasan, Rishiram Ramanan and S Sravana Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11734662", "title": "Brace for WR mega block on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: The Western Railway will conduct a mega block between Churchgate and Andheri on Sunday for the Direct Current (DC) to Alternate Current (AC) conversion.The block will be in force both on fast as well as slow corridors from 10.30am to 4.30pm. Harbour Line services from CST to Andheri and from Panvel to Andheri may also be affected during the period. \"Suburban trains will not run between Churchgate and Andheri during the block. But special services will run between Andheri and Virar,\" chief public relations officer of the WR Sharat Chandrayan said.Long-distance train will run according to the schedule with diesel engine. Chandrayan said, \"Mail/express trains will be provided special halts at Andheri and Dadar to prevent inconvenience to commuters.\"Though there are plans to run special trains between Churchgate and Andheri using conventional coach and diesel engine, the WR has appealed to commuters not to travel by train during the block period to avoid inconvenience.The BEST would introduce additional services during the period, a senior official said.During the block, trail run will be carried after providing connection to traction with AC power.The WR completed the DC-AC conversion between Dahisar and Virar in 2009. But the system from beyond Dahisar to Churchgate continued to operate on DC. On November 13, WR carried out the conversion of traction from 1500 Volt DC to 25,000 Volt AC between Vile Parle and Andheri. The final leg of the conversion on February 5 will integrate WR's traction infrastructure with other sections that already operated on AC.Last DC trainThe WR will run the last ever Direct Current (DC) local train on its suburban network on Saturday as a special train from Bandra to Churchgate. It will depart from Bandra at 12.30 hrs and halt at all stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11734032", "title": "2G scam: Supreme Court appoints CVC to oversee further probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday refused to appoint an SIT to oversee probe in the 2G spectrum scam. It sought the assistance of Central Vigilance Commission to help it monitor the investigation done by different agencies in view of involvement of several influential persons in the scam.\"Keeping in view the nature of the case and involvement of a large number of influential persons, we feel that it will be appropriate to require the central vigilance commissioner and the senior vigilance commissioner appointed under Section 3(2) of the 2003 CVC Act to render assistance to the court in effectively monitoring further investigation of the case,\" a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and A K Ganguly said.The apex court directed CBI, ED and other agencies to give their status report in sealed envelopes to the CVC which would give its suggestion to it on the probe done by them. It passed the order on a plea by an NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation, and Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy , seeking its direction to appoint an SIT.The court, however, said while CBI may not have investigated the matter seriously earlier, it was now proceeding satisfactorily. \"Although, initially, CBI may not have taken up the matter relating to investigation of 2G case with requisite seriousness, after December 16, 2010, it has satisfactorily conducted the investigation. Therefore, there is no justification to appoint a group of persons to directly or indirectly scrutinize or supervise further investigation being conducted by CBI and other agencies,\" the bench said.The court said that in future, copies of reports of investigation conducted by CBI and other agencies shall be made available to the CVC in sealed envelopes and within next one week and the CVC shall examine the reports.It said the CVC shall send their observations/suggestions to the apex court in sealed envelopes which shall be considered by it along with the reports of CBI and other investigating agencies. The court, however, made it clear that its order \"shall not in any manner be construed as a reflection on the integrity of the investigation so far done by the team of CBI and other investigating agency or which may be done in future or their competence to effectively perform the job in relation to 2G case\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11735716", "title": "HC asks LDA, UP govt to maintain status quo", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Thursday directed the state government and LDA to maintain status quo on the development of Prabandh Nagar Housing Scheme relating to Ghaila and Allunagar Dinguria villages. The order came from bench of Justice Pradeep Kant and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi on a petition filed by Ahetram Ali and others.The petitioner's counsel DK Singh had said that the court had already given a status quo order on September 22, 2008 on the land, but flouting the order, LDA authorities have started taking possession of the lands. It was also argued that the land fell in the green belt and therefore could not be developed for residential purposes. The chief standing counsel Upendra Nath Mishra, however contended that the tenure holders had been selling their lands to private property dealers, who are developing the land in haphazard manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736111", "title": "Reach out, IAC tells candidates", "text": "MUMBAI: Team Anna will contribute to the February 16 civic elections here, after the recent loss of face when the social activist had to call off his fast. India Against Corruption (IAC) will hold a Jan Sabha to hear what candidates plan to take up in their areas.\"Due to low budgets allocated and the short period, candidates are finding it difficult to reach out to all voters in their constituencies. Therefore, as a responsible activist group, we intend to call all major candidates to a common platform for a Jan Sabha to hear your views on the work you intend to do for the area,\" said IAC convener Praful Vora, in a letter to the candidates.Vora said that over 100 constituencies in the 2007 elections were won with less than 1,000 votes. \"It is in your interest to attend and address your voters through the Jan Sabha.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11735160", "title": "Margao set to host Saraswat food fest", "text": "MARGAO: The Saraswat food and cultural festival that begins on Friday at Margao will lack the political flavour that the event has assumed of late.A departure from the past, chief minister Digambar Kamat, at whose hands the event was inaugurated on all six occasions when Margao played host, will not step on the stage for the inaugural function of the 12th Saraswat food and cultural festival organized by the Mathagramasth Saraswat Samaj. Industrialist Srinivas Dempo and former MP Ramakant Angle will be the guests, sources said.This was not a conscious decision by the organizers though, prompted as it was by the model code of conduct in force. However, seemingly aware of the flak that the event has received lately for assuming a political hue, the organizers have taken a stand not to let politics cast any shadow on the festival.\"Any person, including politicians, is welcome for the festival. But we won't allow anybody to use this platform for furthering their political interests. This is a purely community festival and we want it to remain that way,\" Desh Prabhudesai, president of the Mathagramasth Saraswat Samaj, Margao, told TOI.Though organized by the Saraswat Samaj, the event is open to all, irrespective of caste and religion, the organizers said. \"The event is a great draw even among the Catholic community,\" Prabhudesai said, adding that the event attracts a crowd of about 35,000 people for three days.Though the event was originally conceptualized as a food festival, the cultural aspect got more pronounced when Margao hosted the event during its fourth year. \"As the participation of youth was significant, cultural events came to be staged which were well received by the public, and this has remained that way ever since,\" Prabudesai told TOI.The organizers have plans to take the festival to other parts of the state as well. So far, only Panaji and Margao have been hosting the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11735559", "title": "City just needs to emulate Gangtok model", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The proposal of Chandigarh police permitting registration of new vehicles only to those having enough parking space, can be easily based on the Gangtok model that has successfully executed similar rules to fight traffic congestion through \"get a garage before wheels\" concept. This was introduced in July 2010 to downsize the mounting pressure of private vehicles in Gangtok city.TOI had reviewed the Gangtok model in these columns in January 2011.According to rules notified in Sikkim in July 2010, it is mandatory for buyers of new vehicle to produce a certificate proving availability of parking space before they can get their vehicles registered.The in charge of traffic wing of Gangtok has been mandated to issue certificates after physical verification of parking space of buyers. Physical verification of the site is done by motor vehicle inspector of the area. The registration certificate is issued only after clearance certificate along with the rough map of the site from the traffic wing that the owner has sufficient place to park the said vehicle in his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11736363", "title": "Autorickshaw drivers force senior citizen out of vehicle", "text": "MUMBAI: A 67-year-old woman, along with her daughter and grandson, were forced out of an auto she hired in Borivli and the driver beaten up by six auto drivers near the Dahisar Check Naka, on Wednesday evening.The assaulters' allegation was that the driver of the auto, which bore a Mumbai registration plate, picked local passengers, meaning from the Mira-Bhayander region. When the assaulters were taken to the police station , a mob of auto drivers did a gherao, demanding their release. The incident reinforces auto drivers' reputation of notoriety, particularly in Mira-Bhayander , where auto drivers charge thrice the fare and refuse to ply by meter.To avoid the evening rush hour in local trains, Nirmala Sagar, a heart patient, accompanied by her daughter Kavita Soni (45) and grandson Darshit (15), hired an auto in Borivli for Vasai. Though most auto drivers refuse to ply outside jurisdiction areas, Suresh Gopane (27) agreed considering Sagar's age and state of health.The auto crossed the Dahisar Check Naka and entered Kashimira around 7.15 pm. Soon, Anil Sinha (47), a self-proclaimed auto union leader in Mira-Bhayander , along with five auto drivers, stopped Gopane's auto, pulled him out and started raining blows on him.When they accused Gopane of carrying local (Mira-Bhayander ) passengers , he and Sagar tried convincing Sinha and his men that the auto had been hired in Borivli for Vasai and that this was legal. Gopane said the men refused to hear and slapped him repeatedly. They kicked him in the stomach and also damaged his vehicle.Though Sagar pled with Sinha to consider her ill health and allow the auto to proceed on its journey, the latter forced her and the others out of the vehicle and told them to hire a local auto, said Nagesh Lohar, deputy superintendent of police (traffic), Thane Rural. Sagar, whose husband died eight months ago, is in a state of shock. Her family refused to speak about Wednesday's incident.A few traffic policemen, who were on duty at Kashimira junction, reached the spot and took Sinha, some of his men, Gopane and his passengers to the Kashimira police station. The police were initially reluctant to file a complaint, but had to register an FIR when five India Against Corruption ( IAC) activists reached there, said Rakesh Sarawgi, one of the activists.Present in the mob that did a gherao of the police station was Devendra Shailekar, who claimed to be a leader of the Republican Party of India.Sinha had been arrested earlier for assaulting a traffic policeman on duty. This time, the police arrested him under sections 341 (wrongful confinement), 141, 143 and 147 (unlawful assembly), 323 (simple hurt), 504 (abuse) and 506 (criminal intimidation ) of the Indian Penal Code. The police also arrested three of the five assaulters accompanying Sinha. The remaining two fled.Though autos are legally allowed to ply in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) excluding the island city, Mira-Bhayander drivers harass those coming from outside the area. Sinha had allegedly collected Rs 8 lakh from Mira-Bhayander auto drivers on the pretext of fighting a court case against the MMR policy on autos.In September 2011, the RTO brought warring auto unions from Thane and Mumbai together to decide that autos from Mumbai will be allowed to cross the Dahisar checkpost to ferry passengers picked up in Mumbai to the other side of the city's border.After two tranquil months, complaints started pouring in from Mumbai drivers about harassment in Mira Road and VasaiTimes ViewWednesday's incident near the Dahisar Check Naka was waiting to happen. It is the natural consequence of our law-enforcing agencies looking the other way till a problem turns into a \"law-and-order situation\". That hooligans masquerading as union leaders can so feel empowered as to lay down the law in a large area is a direct comment on police apathy. This is another example of government agencies not working in tandem; one government agency (the transport authority) enacting a peoplefriendly rule does not serve any purpose if another agency (the police) does nothing to implement it on the ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-03"}
