{"city": "play ", "code": "14890705", "title": "Mohora Cholche (Bengali): Play Review", "text": "Play : Mohora Cholche (Bengali) Director : Arindam Ray Duration : 120 minutes Cast : Tapash, Sushmita, Mou Rating : 3 starsOne could argue that it's impossible to go wrong when you have literary and theatrical masterpieces \u2014 works of Girish Chandra Ghosh, Amrita Lal Basu, Ardhendu Shekhar Mustaphi and Bijan Bhattacharya, among others \u2014 at your disposal. But such endeavours call for lots of courage. It would be apt to call \"Mohora Cholche\" a beginner's guide to the evolution of public theatre in Bengal. This Oihik production, directed by Arindam Ray, weaves together memorable songs and sequences from iconic plays staged in the city to narrate the journey of theatre on stage.The characters are your regular dada-didi, kaku-kakima and mashima, who gather at the para cultural club to organize plays over adda. In between rehearsing for iconic plays like \"Bilwa Mangal\", \"Marjina Abdullah\", \"Nil Darpan\", \"Khasdakhal\", \"Nabanna\", etc, they share anecdotes about how those literary pieces were conceived and consequently performed on stage. As the primary narrators, Arindam Ray and Tapash Sarkar set the perfect adda ambience with a harmonium and tabla as they sit in their regular pyjama-panjabi. They are surrounded by 'listeners' who join in the adda \u2014 singing, enjoying and also performing roles in this play-within-the-play.In terms of acting, \"Mohora Cholche\" throws up quite a few promising talents in Rajarshi Ghosh and Sandeep Chowdhury, who portray Abu Hussain and Abdulla with effortless ease. But it's Arindam Ghosh who steals the show for seamlessly switching between characters like an all-too-willing Baba Mustafa (\"Alibaba\") to a boisterously entertaining chakor, Manik (\"Jaise Ko Taisa\"). Sushmita Sen as Mokkhoda (\"Khasdakhal\") is endearing as she sways a la yesteryear actor Kanan Bala, while singing, \"Ami jeno chobiti\". Mou Bhattacharya as the elderly mashima, who still has the acting spark alive in her blood, also wins many hearts. Kudos to Oihik for bringing alive some unforgettable moments in theatre. Special effects like waves \u2014 two volunteers at two ends of the stage holding nine yards of blue cloth with water marks made out of white paint \u2014 or how makeup was done in the early 19th century, are praiseworthy.The iconic \"Sainik\" song from Nishikanta Basu Ray's \"Debaladebi\" has also been sensitively choreographed with vibrant but measured dance moves. Special mention must be made of violinist Shankar Das for hitting the right chord \u2014 recreating a folk-like ambience for raja-rani tales, high-pitch tunes for mutiny sequences \u2014 and holding together all the stories in the play. The only glitch that showed up many times was wrong pronunciation of Hindi words, mostly during the majlish sequences. But overall, it's a mohora worth attending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14874751", "title": "Railway over-bridge design not to Bhopal School of Social Sciences liking", "text": "BHOPAL: As the Bhopal Municipal Corporation goes ahead with the construction of rail over-bridge (ROB) at the Habibganj under-crossing the Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS) is still not convinced with its design. The ROB would pass through between the college building and the girls' hostel.\"The work for the ROB has already begun as per the design,\" says Sunil Shrivastava, Bus Rapid Transit System ( BRTS) in-charge. The work is expected to complete in two years from now, he adds.\"The corporation has not informed us anything regarding finalization of the design, though it assured that final decision on the design would be discussed with the BSSS authorities,\" BSSS principal Father Joseph PP told TOI, \"We have given an option of turning the bridge sideways from the girls' hostel rather than taking it from between the BSSS building and hostel,\" he added.\"Let the corporation inform us. We will also approach the high court in this regard,\" he said. Around 100 girls reside in the BSSS girl's hostel.\"Re-designing the ROB would mean increase in expenses,\" Shrivastava said. \"Moreover, it is expected from every organization to co-operate in the development process of the city,\" he added.Interestingly, the work orders were released in June 2011 itself but the construction work for the ROB began only a fortnight ago. The trumpet-shaped bridge is 24 m wide and 990 m long. Cost of the six lane bridge is estimated at Rs 38.2 crore.This bridge will bifurcate in two directions, one extending from RRL tri-junction to Arera Colony near the Ganesh temple crossing the railway bridge and the other will connect RRL tri-junction to Bhopal Fracture Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14873004", "title": "Five senior IAS officers transferred", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government on Friday transferred five senior IAS officers with immediate effect. Tourism and culture department secretary V K Jeyakodi has been transferred and posted as secretary and state commissioner for the welfare of differently-abled persons, a post previously held by Kannegi Packianathan as additional charge.Secretary and commissioner of revenue administration K Gnanadesikan is transferred and posted as revenue secretary. This post was previously held by Rameshram Mishra, who has been transferred as tourism and culture department secretary.Secretary and director of the Anna Institute of Management and director general of training Hemant Kumar Sinha has been transferred and posted as Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation (TTDC) managing director, a post earlier held by Rajesh Lakhoni.The former TTDC MD is now the Tamil Nadu Warehousing Corporation managing director. This post was held by M P Nirmala as additional charge, the state government release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14879688", "title": "Water should be part of concurrent list: Pawan Kumar Bansal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as Punjab and Haryana pointed fingers at each other over violation of water sharing accords, the minister for water resources, Pawan Kumar Bansal, said there was a growing consensus on the issue that water should be part of the concurrent list.Union home minister P Chidambaram said the issue of presidential reference concerning Ravi Beas waters will be expedited by the Centre.Pawan Kumar Bansal said, \"Parliamentary Consultative Committee of Water Resources has recommended that water be added in the concurrent list as it is a national resource and states cannot claim exclusive rights to it.\" He said the need was felt for this since the division of authority often leads to dilution of responsibility and ineffective coordination, which hampers proper, efficient and equitable management of water.Objecting to the violation of federal spirit, Punjab CM P S Badal said the tendency of the Centre has been to usurp, through open and clandestine ways, the powers and authority of the states already ensured by the Constitution. This tendency was on the rise at a scale never seen before.Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said the Centre must \"request the Supreme Court to expedite its decision on the issue of Presidential Reference concerning Ravi-Beas waters as it is the only reference pending for more than seven years.\"\"Punjab is not delivering Haryana's full share in the Ravi-Beas waters. This, despite the fact that Haryana has to give out of its own share in the Yamuna waters, extra water to Delhi, in compliance of the SC verdict,'' said Hooda.Hooda urged the Punjab CM to start work on the link between Anandpur Sahib and the Ropar Thermal Plant, so that Haryana is able to carry its share of water through Bakhra Main Line.In his turn, Badal raised the issue re-excavation of lower Lissara Nallah that originates from village Dhamot in Doraha block of district Ludhiana and falls into Ghaggar, urging the Centre to prevail upon Haryana to get the nallah re-excavated in their part of the state and to direct removal of cross bundh immediately to prevent obstruction of natural drainage of nallah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14873587", "title": "Man dies during fire show", "text": "MADURAI: A man, who attempted to showcase his talent by breathing fire through his mouth to his neighbours, died when his body caught fire during the act on Thursday.Police said that Lakshmanan (35) of Sommaiyapuram near Rajapalayam in Virudhunagar district was a coolie who made extra bucks by performing the act of fire blowing during temple festivals. Fire breathing is the act of creating a fireball by breathing a fine mist of fuel over an open flame.He had made his neighbours watch him do the act and took some fuel in his mouth and lit the torch in his hand. Lakshmanan, who was under the influence of alcohol at the time, lost control and fell down. In the impact, the kerosene in his mouth spilled over his body and the flame from the torch set his body on fire. Rajapalayam north police rushed to the spot and took him to the burns ward at the Sivakasi government hospital, but he succumbed to serious burns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14873716", "title": "Meritorious BE students to get state aid for SAP certification", "text": "PANAJI: As a golden jubilee initiative, select meritorious engineering students will be provided financial assistance to complete the SAP certification programme. From 2012-13, 130 students will be covered for three consecutive years under the scheme. The certification is an enterprise resource training which the students will pursue simultaneously with their engineering degree. Of the 1.28 lakh fees of the course, 64,000 will be reimbursed by the state.Of the 130 students from four engineering colleges in Goa to be covered under the scheme each year, 10 will be from the civil engineering stream, 10 from electrical engineering, 20 from mechanical engineering and 30 each from computer engineering, electronics and telecommunications engineering and information technology streams. Students will be able to undergo the training at any of the SAP training centres in Goa, under the government scheme.The courses to be offered will be Advanced business application programming (ABAP) for students of computer engineering, information technology, electronics and telecommunication engineering and electrical engineering. A material management (SCM ERP procurement module) course will be available for students of mechanical, civil and electrical engineering.Initially, the student will have to pay the entire course fee of 1,28,000, which is inclusive of first attempt certification exam and taxes. The government's share of 64,000 will be later reimbursed to the student on certification by SAP, Germany. In the case of SC, ST, OBC and girl students, 96,000 of the course fee will be reimbursed.The scheme will be implemented by the directorate of technical education (DTE) and students studying in the final year BE course at the Goa college of engineering, Farmagudi, Padre Conceicao College of Engineering, Verna, Rayeshwar Institute of Technology, Shiroda and Salesian Society's Don Bosco college of engineering at Fatorda will be eligible for financial assistance.The student must have passed any three of the first six semesters of the BE course at first attempt to be eligible for the scheme. The student must have secured at least 55% marks in aggregate of semesters I to VI taken together (50% for SC/ST/OBC candidates).Out of the total seats for each branch, 10% of the seats will be reserved for SC, ST, OBC, and girl student categories each and the remaining 60% for general category students.Only those students who obtain their certification from SAP Germany by March 15 in the respective academic year and submit copy of the same to DTE by the next working day, will be eligible for the subsidy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14872481", "title": "Railways Jansadharan ticket scheme fails to click", "text": "NAGPUR: The much-hyped Jansadharan Ticket Booking Scheme (JTBS) of the Indian Railway, formulated to make available prepaid unreserved ticket counters to unemployed youth, is turning out to be a big failure.The announcement of JTBS was made in 2006-07 budget by the then railway minister Lalu Prasad Yadav . The basic idea was to end long queues at the railway stations. However, three years after the scheme came into being, it is turning ineffective.In Nagpur division of Central Railway, 50% of the JTBS counters have closed down and those functioning are becoming unprofitable ventures.Of the 12 JTBS in Nagpur Central Railway, 6 have closed down. The situation in South East Central Railway (SECR) is also not far better. Of the 8 JTBS, only four are functional. A couple of them did not open.In Central Railway, JTBS were set up in Betul, Dhamangaon, Pulgaon, Nagpur, Wardha and Hirdagadh.In SECR, senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) Pradeep Kumar said, JTBS did not start in Chhindwara and Tumsar. In Balaghat, it was closed after complaints. Gondia, Wadsa, Chanda Fort and Rajnandgaon are doing well. \"We have invited applications for 44 more locations,\" Kumar added.However, when pointed out most of the JTBS were running into losses, Kumar said, \"Our JTBS are located in rural parts where people are reluctant to pay even an extra rupee. Besides, location of counters also matters,\" said Kumar.Why the JTBS is becoming a failure? Ajay Advani, who had a counter near Nagpur railway station, says it closed down as no steps were taken to create awareness among the passengers by the railways.\"We were allowed to take one rupee extra per ticket. Passengers feared whether we were real ticket sellers or not. Hence, they preferred to buy from the station counters. I could not make business despite my counter being located opposite railway station,\" Advani said.Advani added his expenses towards employees salary, power and Internet bills were more than receipts and hence he decided to wind up. \"I used to sell 5-6 tickets daily whereas expenses were Rs200,\" he added. Of the five JTBS in Nagpur, only two are working. However, Nagpur Central Railway PRO PD Patil claimed three JTBS were still functional in the city.However, some JTBS closed down as owners say there is no technical support from the railway. A section of JTBS owners alleged that it was pursued by commercial department employees to buy second-hand systems that were withdrawn from towns where JTBS counters were closed down.\"Owing to a second-hand system, I'm facing frequent failures, affecting ticket sales. In a month, the counter is closed for 15 days. Railway officials say they are helpless. My expenses exceed income and hence there is no point in operating the JTBS,\" an owner said.Another JTBS owner SB Hande says network and system failure is the biggest problem. The railway should allow us to sell platform tickets because every other passenger is accompanied by a relative who wants to see-off the passenger.\"As we cannot sell platform tickets, passengers prefer to buy both from the station,\" Hande said.On the contrary, Patil says, \"Our contract conditions are very clear. We only provide server connectivity to the JTBS owner. We are in no way responsible for the system failures. Such failures affect the railway too.\"However, Patil admitted that JTBS have been closed down were due to poor response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14870293", "title": "Premature end to Sarath Kumar's stint with Mahindra Racing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian rider Sarath Kumar stint with the Mahindra Racing team in the CIV-Italian Championship has come to a premature end. Sarath, on Friday, announced his decision to take a break from professional racing due to personal reason.The 20-year-old rider from Koyembedu was struggling to make his ends meet, resorting to driving a taxi in Chennai to help his struggling family. Mahindra Racing said they have relieved Sarath from his contractual obligations since he would not participate in the remainder of the 2012 season of the Italian Championship. \"This has been a very tough decision for me. Racing is my passion but I have to fulfil certain personal commitments in Chennai. I have therefore decided to take a break from the Italian Championship and focus on my family,\" Sarath said on Friday.Sarath's best performance for Mahindra Racing in the 125 cc event came at Monza with a third-place finish. \"It was a great learning curve being a part of the Mahindra Racing team for the Italian Championships,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14873847", "title": "Air Marshal Chandra inspects IAF station", "text": "KANPUR: Air Marshal J Chandra, Ati Vishist Seva Medal, Vishist Seva Medal, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Maintenance Command visited Air Force Station, Chakeri on Friday.In his day-long inspection, the IAF dignitary reviewed Main Hangar Line of AN-32 transport aircraft, Indigenisation Substitution Division, which is involved in procuring indigenous spares for ex-USSR aircraft fleet.Sharmila Chandra, President, Air Force Wives Welfare Association (Regional) visited Umeed ventures run by the Air Force Station such as 'Umeed Vidya Kiran', a school for children below poverty line, 'Umeed Asha Kiran' a day school for specially abled children and Air Force School, Chakeri.They also visited 7-Air Force Hospital.Air Marshal Chandra also inspected the ceremonial parade by the Air Warriors and addressed the air force officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14870860", "title": "'Supporting Sangma will help JMM strengthen tribal support'", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Although the ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) has not yet officially announced which candidate it will support in the presidential election, intellectuals feel the party has a chance to resurrect its constituency by supporting P A Sangma.Eminent members of civil society feel although the decision to support the presidential candidate is the discretion of the political party, but in the present circumstances the JMM can consolidate its position among tribals by supporting the former Lok Sabha speaker.\"Supporting Sangma merely because he is a tribal is not fair. But given that he is also a qualified person and has all the merits to become the President, he should be supported by the tribal representatives,\" said Kasturi Boipai, principal of Tata Degree College, Chaibasa.According to a senior official of state-owned BSNL, not just tribals but non-tribal MLAs and MPs should rise above party lines in ensuring that Sangma becomes the first tribal President of India. \"I recall when former President of India K R Narayanan was fielded as the presidential candidate of the Congress, it was said he is not just a statesman but will also be the first to represent the Dalit community in the Rashtrapati Bhavan,\" he said, adding, the JMM, which claims to be championing the cause of tribals, should have the courage to support a tribal presidential candidate like Sangma.C R Majhi, a known tribal intellectual, has also publicly appealed to the JMM to support Sangma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14872344", "title": "Kotturpuram to get new park on illegally occupied land", "text": "CHENNAI: Kotturpuram will soon get another park as Chennai Corporation has retrieved 30 grounds of its land which had been occupied by a person who had built a few sheds there.A land measuring 65 grounds near the Moopanar bridge in Kotturpuram bordering Turnbulls Road was earlier allotted to the school education department and the highways department, which handed it over to Chennai Corporation in 2005 to be developed into an open space reserve for the community. The civic body planned to convert it into a park, but it could immediately access only 36.3 grounds.A press release issued by the Chennai Corporation stated that 29.18 grounds had been occupied by a person named Ram Venkatanarayanan, who approached the court claiming the land belonged to him. He had built large sheds on the land and was using it as storage space.Recently the Madras high court ruled that the land belonged to the corporation and the civic body took possession of it. On Thursday, corporation authorities bulldozed the sheds built on the land. It will soon break down the compound wall dividing the land. \"We will soon start work on the park,\" said an official. \"The land is worth more than 160 crore.\"Residents of the neighbourhood are happy. \"We have a park near Turn Bulls Road, but on weekends it is crowded,\" said R Siva of nearby Lotus Colony. Another park would be great thing to happen to the neighbourhood. Several residents felt that the corporation should involve them while landscaping and developing the park. \"Often the residents are not consulted. They put up some swings and slides at the wrong places. The selection of trees are also not always scientific,\" said N Abhi, a tree lover.The civic body has plans to open several more parks, but many of the existing ones are not maintained well, say neighbours. Some of them have become dens of anti-socials, in the absence of security. In some places, corporates and residents associations have taken over the maintenance of the parks to ensure that they remain usable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14870941", "title": "'God particle can change perception of the universe we know'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The announcement by European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) of the experimental observance of what is probably the Higgs boson on July 4 sent the scientific fraternity into a frenzy.It has been called the 'God particle' while others are still viewing the claim with suspicion. However, everybody agrees that the spark in the Large Hadron Collider would change a lot about mankind's understanding of the cosmos.Motivated by public interest in the Higgs boson, Physical Research Laboratory (PRL) held a public lecture on Friday to create awareness and bust some myths. The institute has some scientists working on the same subject who have also visited CERN .The lecture by Professor Subhendra Mohanty, a theoretical physicist, was attended by over 300 scientists and students at PRL campus.\"For me, every particle is a god particle as all are as important as the Higgs boson. The name is attributed to L M Lederman, a scientist who coined the term due to the particle's ubiquitous nature and the huge effort to prove its existence. The discovery has generated a lot of buzz due to the particle's quality, efforts scientists have put in to discover it and how it can be one of the founding blocks of the universe,\" said Mohanty.Mohanty explained in scientific terms that every particle, a body even smaller than atoms, has mass with exceptions such as photons and neutrons. Certain particles, known as bosons, named after Indian scientist Satyendra Nath Bose, are generated by the collision of protons at a very high speed. What puzzled scientists was that these particles had mass apart from the original protons. They then assumed the presence of another particle that interact with bosons and lend it mass.\"Theoretically the existence of the particle that is electrically neutral and unstable was around since 1967 But the problem was proof, as such particles exist for just a fraction of a second. The only way its presence could be detected was to see its impact on other particles. As per CERN's announcement, they observed two photons shooting up in two different directions which can be distinguished from movement of other particles produced during the experiment. Scientists attribute the acceleration of photons to the Higgs boson,\" said Mohanty.How will it help scientists understand the universe? \"As per the concept, a Higgs field made of these particles is present in every vacuum. It can lead to the discovery of new particles that might help us understand concepts such as dark matter which makes up five sixths of the total mass of the universe but cannot be seen with the naked eye, or the origin of the universe. It is the foundation on the basis of which scientists can build future theories of physics,\" he added.Will the discovery have practical implications? Mohanty said that there are none in sight at the moment. However, experiments like these push modern technology to its limits, often yielding new technologies of great practical importance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14873580", "title": "\u2018I handed over the money to save myself\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: Women are nowhere safe. It became true in the city on Friday.The conductor of the Sakhi bus service was looted just after 24 hours of its launch.\"I was shocked when miscreants occupying a car attacked the bus driver and looted money from me. It's highly disappointing that this happened when the women's bus was just on the second day of its launch.It would not have happen, had security measures been taken by the roadways and administrative department,\" bus conductor Ketaki said.She added that the men in the vehicle also tried to thrash her but she saved herself by giving them the money.There are no security measures in any city bus, either launched by roadways or privately owned. Several incidents of loot and theft in buses have been reported.\"The authorities launch the bus service with fanfare to hog limelight. Can't the authorities hire security guards?\" questioned Snehil, a commuter.All the city buses lack in security. There is neither emergency alarm button in any bus nor the CCTVs installed in them.Roadways officer D V Singh said that an FIR was registered with Colonelganj police.He added that hiring a guard in bus is not possible but CCTVs would be installed in all the city buses soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14893002", "title": "Gujrat turns hip hop with IQ's Guju Bhai", "text": "Hip-Hop is flourishing in South Asian (Desi) communities globally and there is no shortage of Punjabi rappers these days, but no real attempts have been made at Gujrati rap since Karmacy - until now.Desi Hip-Hop artist IQ has always been ahead of his time spitting conscious flows in English, Hindi &amp; Sanskrit in his 2009 album 'The Rebirth'. Now he has captivated the audience with an unconventional blend of Gujrati humor and swag in his 2012 single 'Guju Bhai'.Stepping up for the state Gujrat, IQ's latest single fills the void that the Gujrati audience has been searching for. IQ portrays the character of 'Guju Bhai, a humble and entertaining Gujrati Don. From stepping out of a helicopter, dealing with the President and helping the needy all while eating mouth-watering jalebis, dhokla and paan - 'Guju Bhai' is a breath of fresh air and a barrel of laughs for all Gujrati audiences.From politics to Bollywood to music, Gujrat is on the rise. Amitabh Bhachchan's support of the Vibrant Gujrat campaign, Chetan Bhagat's upcoming movie 'Kaipo Che' featuring Gujrati Rock song 'Pankhida' and now IQ's 'Guju Bhai' are all signs of the changing times.IQ says regarding his release, \"Honestly, it all started out as fun. We were tired of listening to angry music. Hip-Hop is supposed to be fun, why all the anger? Being Gujarati, we wanted to give a fresh perspective with a bit of that Gujju humor. The love, support and demand from our listeners has been amazing. There will be lots more where this came from!\" Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14875521", "title": "Punjab will fast turn into a slum: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Concerned about the mushrooming colonies in Punjab, especially in and around Chandigarh, Punjab and Haryana high court has observed that if the situation continues, the state would soon turn into a slum. The observations were made by Justice A N Jindal of the HC while taking suo motu cognizance of media reports.He observed, \"It's a matter of serious concern that unauthorized and illegal colonies mushrooming in Punjab, around Chandigarh including Zirakpur, which is known as gateway of Chandigarh, in general has become a slum.\"Division bench has issued notice to the Punjab government to seek their response on the matter by September 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14872455", "title": "Cops bust gang selling property owned by others", "text": "NAGPUR: The crime branch has helped a retired government employee get back his plot of land sold off by some persons imposing as owners of the land. One person has been arrested in the case earlier this week while three others are on the run after the city police crime branch bust a racket which sold properties by hiring dummy owners.The gang's modus operandi included procuring details and duplicates of documents of properties that have remained unused for long, usually situated on the city outskirts. The racketeers would approach the office of the city survey, Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) and Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to get the documents. During searches, crime branch squad under senior police inspector Madhao Giri found duplicate copies of documents related to 32 properties owned by different persons in the office of the racketeers at Ayodhya Nagar.The racketeers would rope in a dummy person to pose as the actual owner of the land and sell it off to unsuspecting purchasers. They used the same technique to sell off a piece of land at Chinchbhuvan belonging to former agriculture department official Dattatreya Dharkar. He had purchased the land more than a decade ago. He stays at Buldhana presently, and rarely visited the plot of land.Police said Amit Kapate, owner of Ayodhya Nagar-based Shivaji Developers, allegedly sold Dharkar's property to Puroshattam Buradkar, an employee of defence factory at Wadi, for Rs14 lakh. Buradkar also paid over Rs4 lakh as commission on the sale.Kapate's accomplices Laxman Faye and Dilip Haware, named as accused in the first information report (FIR) by crime branch, lured Buradkar to purchase the land owned by Dharkar. For this, Vilas Bhramankar was given Rs60,000 to pose as Dharkar. A sale deed was prepared and registered at the Mahal-based registrar office in favour of Buradkar by the impostor Bhramankar, who is an electrician.Police said they learnt that Bhramankar had earned a lot of money suddenly, and this information was relayed to PI Giri's team. They started probing the source of the electrician's income. After Bhramankar was picked up, Kapate, Faye and Haware went undercover, and are yet to be arrested.Officials of NIT, city survey and NMC are likely to be questioned in connection with the crime under the supervision of additional commissioner of police (crime) Ravindra Kadam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14873859", "title": "FDA bans batches of 13 drugs in state", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) has prohibited the distribution and sale of particular batches of drugs meant to treat bacterial infection, acidity, stomach ulcers, vomiting and vitamin deficiencies, due to their substandard quality.\"These are batches of 13 medicines whose distribution and sale has been prohibited by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Maharashtra, due to substandard quality and for violating various provisions of the Drug and Cosmetic Act 1940 and rules 1945,\" said B R Masal, joint commissioner, FDA, Pune.Most of the manufacturers of substandard drugs found by the FDA are from Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttaranchal and Punjab.\"Most manufacturers who faced action are from outside Maharashtra. The two from the state are in Thane and Kurla,\" said Masal. We have asked the FDA of the respective states to take appropriate action against them,\" said Masal. He said the two drug manufacturers in Maharashtra have been asked to withdraw the particular batches of medicine found unfit and substandard from the market.\"The FDA authorities of other states have also been told to ask the erring manufacturers in their region to withdraw the substandard drugs. Government hospitals, medical colleges attached to hospitals and doctors' organisations have also been told the names and batches of the drugs, which have been banned for sale in Maharashtra.\"The chemists and druggists associations are now expected to warn their members and retailers against selling the particular batches, Masal said.TOI has a copy of the list of drugs that the Drug Control Laboratory has reported to be of substandard quality. Samples were taken for analysis from different destinations in Maharashtra in January and declared not of standard.\"We advise people against using particular batches of these medicines,\" said Masal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "14871716", "title": "SSB, forest department officials arrest poacher", "text": "BAHRAICH: An alleged saint-cum-poacher living in the forest of Motipur range under Katerniaghat was arrested on Wednesday morning during the joint raid conducted by forest department and Shashashtra Seema Bal. The horns of cheetal in large numbers, feathers of peacocks and valuable wood were recovered from his hut.The forest department has arrested the poacher and destroyed his hut. Reportedly a self-proclaimed saint named Lakkha Baba was living in beat number 8 under room number one of Motipur range under Katerniaghat for about five years.Lakkha Baba was famous in the area as an influential saint and people from the surrounding areas would reach his hut in tractors and trolleys on Sunday and Tuesday to receive his blessing. Meanwhile the forest department came to know about the suspicious activities of the alleged saint.The divisional forest officer (DFO) wildlife RK Singh told that SSB was also informed about the activities of Lakkha Baba and a team led by the sub-inspector Harish Joshi and the forest ranger raided the hut of Lakkha Baba. Two pairs of horns of chital, feathers of peacocks in large numbers, 17 logs of Sagaun wood, 20 logs of Kukath wood, wood cutting tools, axe, shovel etc were recovered from the hut.DFO told that Lakkha Baba was identified as Lakhwinder Singh alias Lakkha son of Ajeet Singh resident of Khadiya village. DFO added that the connection of Lakkha with the wildlife smugglers is also being investigated and a case of encroaching the forest land without permission and hunting the wildlife has been registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14871944", "title": "Two held in Gurgaon road rage case", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have arrested two accused persons in a case of road rage where they allegedly beat up a woman and threatened to kill her. The accused also face charges of rash and negligent driving. The incident had taken place on July 4, near the Sector 5 Chowk. The victim had lodged an FIR two days later.\"The arrested men have been identified as Manoj Kumar , a native of Rewari who lived in Palam Vihar and Ashok Kumar , a resident of Kartarpuri village in Gurgaon. The accused run a business in Gurgaon. We are questioning them and will produce them in court on Saturday,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14893302", "title": "Mukhiya Ji Ke Beta Se Pyar Ho Gail launched", "text": "Amrapali Films Productions' first Bhojpuri film 'Mukhiya Ji Ke Beta Se Pyar Ho Gail' was launched at Muzaffarpur. On this occasion Anil Sahani, Sukhdev Sahani, Pradesh Kumar Sarraf, music director Ashok Ghayal , Actor K. K. Goswami were present.The film is being produced by R.N. Rai under the banner of Suranjan Art International and directed by Kumar Vikal. It stars, Pradeep Ujala, Shree Kankani, Kanika, Dr. ranveer, Satish Sahani, Kamini, Aman madhubania, Archana Singh, Puja Roy, Ravi Samgam, K.K. Goswami, Narayan Kabir, Ramjanam Akela and Sachin .Director Kumar Vikal says,\" Mukhiya Ji Ke Beta Se Pyar Ho Gail is a love story with fight against village corruption\". Kumar Vikal 's three movie Kahe Bansuriya Bajavla, Tohre se Biyah Karab and Shiv Guru mahima are now ready for release. Source: bhojpuritrade.blospot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14873984", "title": "'Less rain in Pune goes with agro-climatic zone'", "text": "PUNE: Deficient rainfall in Pune and western Maharashtra is consistent with its agro-climatic status and the good rainfall these areas received in the last two years was due to 'unnatural monsoon activity', state agriculture commissioner Umakant Dangat said.Anxiety is rising in Pune and some other parts of the state about deficient rainfall, but the agriculture department does not see the lack of precipitation as abnormal. Dangat said the rainfall recorded in the nine agro-climatic zones this season goes with their rainfall pattern.Dangat said, \"The zones have been classified on the basis of rainfall recorded since the beginning in various areas. The soil texture, crop patterns and lifestyle have been defined as per these zones. The prominent foodgrain growing areas are Marathwada and Vidarbha regions comprising 19 districts of the 33 in the state. Rivers like Godavari, Dhudhana, Purna, Vainganga and Vedganga have enriched the soil in these regions. In north Maharashtra, Tapi river has provided fertile soil in Jalgaon and Dhule districts.\"The flat terrain of Marathwada and Vidarbha has added to the fertility. Unlike western Maharashtra, soil erosion is very low hence quality and water retention capacity of the soil is very high, Dangat said.According to the zoning, Marathwada, Amravati and Akola districts are categorized as assured rainfall areas with annual rainfall ranging from 700 mm to 900 mm. Eastern parts of Washim and Hingoli, entire Yavatmal, Wardha and western part of Chandrapur and Nagpur districts are known as high rainfall area (900 mm to 1,250 mm). The remaining eastern part of the state is known has area of excessive rainfall (1,250 mm to 1,700 mm).The soil in western Maharashtra is of low quality and has low water retention capacity. Soil erosion is also very high which leads to accumulation of silt in dams here which reduces water storage capacity.A vertical line starting from Shahada block of Nandurbar district, covering Dhule, Nashik, Ahmednagar, Beed, Solapur and eastern parts of Pune, Satara, Sangli till Jaisingpur block of Kolhapur is classified as drought prone area with annual rainfall ranging from 500 mm to 700 mm.\"Farmers from western Maharashtra are used to getting sufficient water from dams. The state did not receive good rainfall last September and the subsequent months during the retreating phase of the monsoon. It increased the demand for water from dams. It was expected that there would be good spells of showers by June-end this year, which would have helped increase the dam water level. The catchment areas of dams in western Maharashtra have not received good rainfall so far and there is no water in dams as well, hence the anxiety.\"The areas in the vicinity of Sahyadri ranges receive good rainfall, but constructing dams and creating irrigation potential in the rain-fed area is not an economically viable option, he said. The annual rainfall in Sahyadri mountains ranges from 2,500 mm to 5,000 mm.Rivers originating in Sahyadri range are short and swift-flowing so they cannot enrich the soil along their course through western Maharashtra. The Krishna's river bed in Maharashtra is narrow compared to its size in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh, which benefits those regions, Dangat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bongaon", "code": "14871839", "title": "Girl student strip-searched in common room in Bengal", "text": "BONGAON: A high school teacher allegedly forced a 13-year-old girl to strip in the common room, in front of other teachers, after accusing her of stealing Rs 50 from a classmate on Wednesday. The money was not found. This is the second such incident in North 24-Parganas in a fortnight. On June 29, a teacher had yanked off the leggings of a schoolgirl in front of her classmates, including boys, because she was \"improperly dressed\".As in the earlier case, the authorities of Gopalnagar Giribala Uchcha Balika Viddyala immediately gave the teacher a clean chit and claimed that it was a conspiracy to malign the school. The school allegedly drove out the victim's parents when they went to complain, forcing them to file an FIR at Gopalnagar police station on Friday.\"My daughter was stripped in front of several teachers. She is in deep trauma and can be scarred for life. She keeps crying that she cannot go to school any more or face her classmates. Who gave the teacher the right to strip my daughter, or any student for that matter? If she was suspected of wrongdoing, the authorities should have summoned us,\" said the girl's mother. The student is in Class VIII.This comes barely a week after a Class V girl in Visva-Bharati's Patha Bhavan was forced to lick her own urine by the hostel warden. The V-B authorities initially defended the warden and apologized only after a nationwide outcry and the intervention of the Prime Minister's office.On Wednesday, a Class VIII girl of Giribala school complained to teacher Rupali Dey that a classmate had stolen a Rs 50 note she had kept in her bag. She suspected the girl sitting next to her. The teacher rummaged through the girl's schoolbag in the classroom itself as other students watched. When she did not find anything, she accused the student of hiding the money on her person.Rupali took her to the common room and ordered her to strip, say the teenager's parents. \"I told the teacher repeatedly that I did not steal the money and pleaded with her not to blame me, but she did not listen. After taking me to the common room, Rupali ma'am asked me to undress. When I refused, she forcibly stripped me and started searching,\" the girl told TOI at her home on Friday. Other teachers in the common room watched as Rupali took off the girl's clothes. But the money was not found.The teacher asked her to put on her dress and leave, without as much as an apology. The student was in tears by then and asked to be allowed to go home as she was not feeling well. The teacher let her leave.The girl returned home and broke down before their parents. The news spread quickly and a huge crowd of parents gathered at the school gates on Thursday. Headmistress Anita Biswas paid no heed to their complaint, they said. \"We also met the teacher, Rupali Dey, and wanted to know what had happened with my daughter, but she refused to talk to us. I requested to be allowed to speak with the headmistress or any other official of the school but nobody took the matter seriously,\" said the girl's father.The parents turned up at the school again on Friday morning. This time, other guardians joined the protest but when they went to meet the headmistress, she allegedly \"threw them out\", say the parents. They finally lodged a complaint at Gopalnagar police station.No action had been taken against Rupali till late Friday night either by the police or the school authorities. Bongaon North MLA Biswajit Das promised to help the parents. \"I have only now come to know about the incident. If the teacher is found guilty, strong action should be taken against her.\"The headmistress, however, refuted the allegation. \"The girl was not stripped by the teacher. In fact, she tried to undress on her own to prove that she was innocent because her classmates continued to blame her for stealing money. Our school has a good reputation. Some people are trying to malign us,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14877219", "title": "Motor vehicles department central zone collects Rs 400 crore", "text": "KOCHI: The motor vehicles department (MVD) in the central zone, comprising flying squads and regional transport offices of Kottayam, Muvattupuzha and Idukki, generated a revenue of Rs 400 crore during 2011-12 fiscal. The amount was gained mainly through taxes and compounding fees that helped the department achieve 111% of their target.Ernakulam regional transport office topped the contribution chart with a total revenue Rs 177.85 crore. Kottayam generated Rs 113 crore and regional transport offices at Muvattupuzha and Idukki collected Rs 68.69 crore and Rs 39.71 crore respectively. Flying squads under the zone collected Rs 75.67 crore during the period. During the period, 54,633 cases of traffic violation were registered. Surveillance cameras have been installed at five points along Cherthala-Vyttila stretch of national highway. A fine of Rs 8 lakh was collected for offences recorded by these surveillance cameras.During the fiscal, the department launched a safe corridor project in an effort to make the Mannuthy-Cherthala stretch of national highway accident-free zone. Sixty people attended the classes at the counselling centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14873535", "title": "Errant builders could face 3 years jail in flat dispute", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move that could streamline the fragmented housing sector, a housing regulatory authority and a housing appellate tribunal are close to becoming reality, possibly within a year. Along with transparency, flat buyers can expect redressal in case of a dispute. A developer could face up to three years imprisonment for failing to comply with the orders of the tribunal.In a major amendment to the Maharashtra Housing (Regulation and Development) Bill, 2012, the 19-member joint select committee of the state legislature has recommended imprisonment as punishment along with Rs 10 lakh penalty. It has also made open space mandatory, but it can't be used as a parking lot reasoned that \"there was a provision made in the Maharashtra Ownership Flats Act (MOFA, 1963) to award punishment of three years imprisonment. Hence, there is no objection to making a provision in this Act as well''.While preserving open spaces has been made mandatory, the committee has also said it cannot be used as a parking lot.The other important amendment is that the developer cannot make any alteration to a flat once it is sold without the purchaser's consent and no floor or wing can be added to a building without their consent. Similarly, an amenity promised such as a garden cannot be altered. Also, if a developer fails to give possession of a flat within the promised period or abandons a project, he will not only have to refund the amount with 15% interest, but also have to pay a penalty. A flat purchaser can demand rectification of any defect within five years of the purchase.The Bill, along with the recommendations, will be reintroduced in the legislative assembly on Monday. Sachin Ahir, minister of state for housing, said the government had made a sincere attempt to correct the system. \"We have worked very hard to bring a housing regulatory authority. Since legislators from all parties were members of the joint select committee, the Bill with the recommended changes should not face any opposition,\" he said.Activist Krishnaraj Rao, though, warned that the imprisonment clause would make the authority and tribunal ineffective. \"The problem with MOFA was that everything had to go to court. Did anybody ask how many builders were imprisoned? The tribunal is a quasi-judicial body and cannot hand out imprisonment. So invariably the matter will go to court. It will not be a prompt system,'' he said.Rao said since the quantum of penalty to be paid for not fulfilling a promise has not been defined, this too would lead to disputes and ultimately end up in court. \"There is a lack of vision. Once a matter goes to court one can only imagine the number of years it will take for a decision. The builder will be under no obligation to pay till the court gives its verdict. It will be a very costly affair for the consumer,'' he said.Lawyer and activist Y P Singh said non-compliance of MOFA provisions invites three years imprisonment which is a cognizable and non-bailable offence under the Criminal Procedure Code. \"This is to ensure that the police use their powers of arrest and raid to gather evidence. Under the recommendations, the imprisonment is for non-compliance of the tribunal orders which means contempt of the orders. So there will be no investigation. It serves no purpose rather makes the process very expensive.\"Singh said this should be an additional remedy and not replace the existing provision as otherwise \"the fear of law will become less\".Devendra Phadanvis, a BJP legislator who was an invitee to the committee, said while they were apprehensive about the imprisonment clause, the minister has assured them that the government would monitor the implementation of the law for a year and then suo motu bring in amendments.The quantum of penalty, he said, would be defined in the rules.Other recommendations include inserting the name of the builder or developer along with the promoter, disclosing the name of the architect and the turnkey contractor, fixing the responsibilities of the broker appointed by the promoter to sell the flats, and submission of all documents certified by a chartered engineer or architect to the regulatory authority. With the Mantralaya fire fresh in public memory, legislators have recommended that the fire fighting system should be included in the common areas such as staircase, entrance lobby, lift, etcetera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14886958", "title": "I'm still 30 at heart: Saif Ail Khan", "text": "Rubbishing critics who say he looks old next to his young heroines in Cocktail, Saif claims he has cracked the formula for a successful producerCritics may call him 'old', especially between two young actresses - Deepika Padukone and Diana Penty in Cocktail . But Saif Ali Khan couldn't bother less. Minutes after landing in Mumbai at 10.30 last night, the actor told us why.\"Frankly I am not connected with critics,\" was Saif's one line explanation. He thought the role was appropriate for his age. \"In fact, I look forward to playing similar roles in the future. At least for the next 10 years,\" he added.The actor claimed that he was still '30 at heart'. \"I think I look 35 at most. Certainly not 42, my real age,\" he said and added, \"If you work and exercise the way I do, 40 is pretty young an age to be a hero in films.\"Determined not to let the critics bog him down, Saif declared, \"I'm not really concerned. I am not going to brood over their overrated response.\"When asked how he felt when Agent Vinod met with a not too favourable response at the ticket windows, he simply said, \"You can't win all the games in life. Today you may win but tomorrow you can lose as well. However, as a producer, I think I have finally cracked it with Cocktail .\"He revealed that the collections on the first day have been quite favourable. \"But these are early days to really get down to counting the box office figures. But the way it is adding up, I must say that the look of the film built a lot of aura around it. I think we have pulled it off.\" he declared happily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14876062", "title": "SMC aims for 'zero waste city' by 2015", "text": "SURAT: Is it possible for a city to keep all its waste out of the landfill? The diamond city thinks it is. And, the urban planners in the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) say it will only take three years for them to reach the goal of making Surat a 'zero waste' city.If all goes well as planned by the SMC's solid waste department, Surat will be the second in the country after Pune in adopting 'zero waste' strategy.In a city having population of 46 lakh, SMC collects about 1,200 metric tonne of solid waste daily. It is collected from six transfer stations based at Bhatar, Katargam, Varachha, Anjana, Pal and Bhestan and sent to Khajod solid waste disposal site.Out of the 1,200 MT solid waste, about 400 metric tonne waste is used for making compost and Refused Derived Fuel (RDF) and the rest goes to the landfill.By 2015, about 600 tonne of solid waste generated in the city per day will go to a new environmental-friendly waste to energy technology to be set up by the civic body at the existing Khajod disposal site where the waste will be turned into energy and the residual material known as 'ash' will be used as the building material.\"We intend to set up a 600 MT plant of the Germany-based Concord Blue System. This new waste to energy technology can handle any type of input material containing a substantial part of organic origin such as plastics, sewage, wood, biomass, hospital waste, industry and agricultural waste such as sugar and effluent. The idea is to use the waste for green energy without sending the waste to landfill,\" said EH Pathan, head of SMC's solid waste management cell.Pathan said that the Concord Blue is a tower-like gasifer and employs the process of gasification to treat the waste fed in it and produces electricity. The gasifier was first operated on experimental basis in Germany and now is being used in Japan and our developed countries since the past many years.\"We have invited expression of interest for setting up of the plant at Khajod. It twill take around 24 months for commissioning,\" said Pathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14871530", "title": "Mayor, corporators to take oath today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Newly elected city mayor Dinesh Sharma and corporators owill take oath on Saturday. The oath taking ceremony will be held at Ganna Kisan Sansthan auditorium in Dalibagh at 4.30 pm. The programme will be attended by a host of VIPs including some of the MPs, MLAs and MLCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14875799", "title": "High court extends stay on local body tax", "text": "NASHIK: The Bombay High Court on Friday extended the stay granted by it on the decision to introduce of the state government to introduce.Local Body Tax (LBT) within the limits of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). The next hearing is slated for to be held on July 23.The hearing on the petition filed by Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator Gulzar Kokani and Shiv Sena group leader Sudhakar Badgujar against the state government's decision to introduce local body tax (LBT) as a substitute for octroi in Nashik, was heard by the HC on Friday. held on Friday in Bombay High Court.In its order, Speaking to TOI, Sudhakar Badgujar said that the bench of High Court judges Mrudula Bhatkar and S S Bobade extended the stay, which was earlier granted earlier till July 13, to July 23. The court also asked the NMC why it did not file a petition on its own when it was against the state government's decision of introducing LBT.Meanwhile, Shiv Sena and MNS also agreed to club their petitions together as both the parties have raised the same points. Speaking to TOI, Sudhakar Badgujar said, \"The HC Bombay High Court has extended the stay on the decision of the state government to introduce LBT in the city till July 23.\"Earlier, the last hearing on the petition of MNS corporator Gulzar Kokani was held on June 29 and the court Bombay High Court had stayed the LBT till July 13. Accordingly, the hearing was held on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14872644", "title": "Pest control contractor in police custody for 5 days", "text": "MUMBAI: Versova pest control contractor Rukhsar Almelkar was produced before the Andheri metropolitan magistrate's court on Friday and remanded in five days' police custody.Almelkar was held for having fumigated the Yari Road apartment of siblings Rameez and Rehab Chougle, who die due to alleged pesticide poisoning last week.The Chougle family is yet to file a police complaint or level allegations of foul play. As a result, a police officer has become the complainant in the case. Investigators will question Rukhsar over the chemicals used during treatment for bedbugs on July 3. They are also taking the statements of doctors at Criticare and Kokilaben Ambani hospitals who treated Rehab.Surprisingly, the police swung into action against Rukhsar only after TOI published an interview on Thursday where she volunteered to say that she had conducted pest control in the flat.Rukhsar said she had instructed the Chougles not to enter the flat for 24 hours after the fumigation, but this was \"ignored\". The children's father, Gayasuddin Chougle, admitted this.A medical expert associated with the case said: \"The police had accepted the death certificate of Rameez, which claimed that he died naturally of gastroenteritis and severe dehydration. No post-mortem was conducted on his body. Investigators also accepted Rehab's post-mortem report, which cited lung and liver infection as the cause of death. Nowhere was phosphine poisoning mentioned. The viscera was not preserved either. They may have booked Rukhsar for culpable homicide, but the police will first have to agree that this is a case of homicide.\"For now, Rukhsar has been booked for carrying out pest treatment without a valid licence. The police are awaiting the forensic report of the \"grey powder\" that was collected from the house four days after the siblings died. The stomach wash preserved by Criticare is also being analyzed for traces of pesticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14871865", "title": "Ex-bank staffer charged with fraud", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged against a former woman employee of a bank located in DLF II for being allegedly involved in fraud and cyber crime. The bank's management alleged that the woman, with the help of three co-workers, cheated the bank of more than Rs 10 lakh.According to the police, Captain Ashish Madan, senior manager of American Express bank lodged a complaint against former employee Akshita Atri at the DLF II police station on Thursday evening. In his complaint, he accused Akshita, a resident of Ashok Vihar in Gurgaon, of misusing a credit card issued by the bank from October, 29, 2011 to April, 8, 2012. She charged a total of Rs 10,85,000 on the card. Akshita, who had joined the bank a year ago, had submitted fake documents to get the credit card. A senior police officer said that according to Ashish, Akshita had used the card for personal purchases and had made her mobile phone payments and booked online railway tickets with it.Ashish told police that during their internal investigation, they found that three other employees ,Joginder Kumar, Rahul Arora and Akshay Mishra - were also involved in the fraud along with Akshita. \"We have lodged an FIR against all four and are investigating the case,\" said Jagdish Parshad, SHO, DLF II police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14871315", "title": "Leopard kills 3-year-old in Amreli village", "text": "RAJKOT: A three-year-old boy was killed by a leopard in the wee hours of Friday in Malsikka village in Dhari taluka of Amreli district.According to forest officials, the baby boy has been identified as Shailesh Vaghela.\"Around 3 am, the leopard dragged the boy sleeping in the open huts on outskirts of the village. The family members are local labourers,\" said Anshuman Sharma, deputy conservator of forests (Gir east), Dhari division.\"We have placed cages to nab the leopard around the area where the it attacked the baby,\" Sharma added.According to sources, leopards have killed at least 12 people in the last six months in Amreli and Junagadh districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14873922", "title": "UoM defers plan to install statues", "text": "MYSORE: The University of Mysore's plan to install the statues of Mysore Maharaja Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar and Sir M Visvesvaraya at Crawford Hall has run into trouble. The Syndicate, the apex decision making body of the varsity, has now deferred the issue without any discussion. The varsity had plans to install the statue of the Maharaja, who was instrumental in setting up the higher education institution in 1916. Sir M Visvesvaraya was the dewan when the varsity was established.The varsity had honoured the maharaja, who was its first chancellor, awarding him the honorary doctorate.The plan has run into trouble with organizations led by Bahujan Vidyarthi Sangha (BVS) questioning the installation of Visvesvaraya's statue alongside the maharaja's. Authorities have been asked to drop the idea as they say that he had opposed reservation for backward classes. However, social activists led by M Lakshmana have appreciated the varsity in honouring Visvesvaraya.During a meeting on Thursday, the proposal came up for discussion when it was deferred by the Syndicate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14870479", "title": "Clash erupts at Vani Vihar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tension ran high on Utkal University campus here on Friday following a clash involving students and some outsiders. Some vehicles parked on the campus were set on fire by the warring groups.Varsity students lodged a complaint at Saheed Nagar police station alleging that the outsiders, mostly students of other colleges, picked up a fight with them when they opposed the outsiders' unauthorized entry into the university on Thursday night.\"We were chatting in the students' union room when they barged into the room and started rebuking us using foul language. They were drunk. We informed the police of the matter immediately,\" university student union president Tanmay Swain said.\"The outsiders, armed with weapons, again came to the campus this morning and beat up our friends. They damaged vehicles and threatened our teachers of dire consequences,\" Swain said. \"We suspect the involvement of some pass-outs of the university behind the brawl,\" he added.The university, which witnessed violent student unrests in the past, was fortified to avoid any untoward incident. \"We have deployed security guards and intensified patrolling. The vice-chancellor held a meeting with the students and sought their cooperation to maintain peace on the campus,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "story ", "code": "14890574", "title": "Aik", "text": "Story : This story is about an individual who conveniently believed that he loved his wife and his three year old son more than himself until he is trapped in something he had designed himself.Review : As we struggle with our fast lifestyle, high stress levels; our feelings have also changed indirectly! We have become less sensitive and this is the reason why the factors which used to entertain us have become more and more bold and 'fear' is one of them! Ramsey movies which where the ultimate horror movies in the 80's have become the laughing stock of today! Nowadays we fear the 'Silence', because it doesn't reveal what's going to happen next?'Aik' is Pratik Kadam's first venture as a director. Technically the movie is good but lacks in story and scripting which results in disappointment. The movie is based on a family - Rishi, Aditi and their son. Rishi works in a TV channel as a creative director. Due to work pressure, he is neglecting his family which causes rift between him and his wife Aditi. Amidst, he is launching a horror reality show for his channel. At the last moment, instead of participants, Rishi and Aditi are forced to take part in the show. The task is to rescue Aditi from a haunted house's closed room and there begins a new game!Director has made the movie on story by Swapnil Jadhav and Janmejay Patil but there are few weak links. The scriptwriters haven't taken the efforts to show the preparations which went into making any reality TV show. 3 days prior to the launch, the channel is still searching for the participants, location (a haunted house) which is ridiculous. Even the channel head is just shown panicking in such situation. All the things look far fetched and artificial. We have already seen better efforts through shows like 'Aahat', 'Honi Anhoni' etc. and so the expectation from horror movies is much more! It is not fulfilled while watching 'Aik'!Maybe the script is so weak that the director has decided to concentrate on the background music since it's crucial in every horror movie. Background score of 'Aik' only makes you jump once in a while. There is lot of contrast in the dialogues and the situation. For example, when the anchor of the show says 'as you are seeing, this haveli is in complete darkness' you can see that the lights are on inside! When the hero goes inside the haveli saying it's in dark, you can see a light coming in through the window!!The actors didn't have any option but to play their roles as per the bland script. Actors Aditi Sarangdhar (Aditi), Prasad Oak (Sandy), Shekhar Phadke, Suhas Palshikar has all done their part accordingly. Swapnil Jadhav has taken the responsibility of story, script and dialogues alongwith acting too. But he has fallen short of playing 'Rishi'.Overall, 'Aik' doesn't make you scream in horror at an unexpected moment; if it would have been then it was worth watching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14872474", "title": "Minor held for rape of 8-year-old girl", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Friday arrested a 15-year-old Class 9 student and launched a hunt for a 16-year-old airconditioner mechanic on charges of raping an eight-old girl, a class four student of an Adi Dravidar School in Anakaputhur.The Class 9 student was sent to a government home in the city, while the girl is being treated at the Government Taluk Hospital in Chromepet. Police said that on Thursday, declared a holiday for schools on account of the teachers' eligibility test, the girl was playing near her house on First Street in Kamatchi Nagar, Anakaputhur while her mother N Indira Devi was busy with domestic chores.The two came to the girl and said her mother was waiting in a shop. Believing their words, the girl went along with them. They took her to an isolated spot and sexually assaulted her, police said based on the complaint later filed by her mother. Fearing that they could be caught, the two accused fled. The girl, who was crying, was seen by local residents and handed over to her mother.Initially scared to reveal what happened, the girl later revealed the truth to her mother. On Friday, Indira Devi approached the Sankar Nagar police who registered a case and arrested the class 9 student. A hunt was launched for the air-conditioner mechanic who, according to neighbors, has a criminal background. Many parents in the area had reportedly advised their children to keep away from Ramu. \"A school dropout, he has been involved in petty crimes,\" said a neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14873213", "title": "Aug 7 deadline to govt for CST relief to states", "text": "NEW DELHI: The empowered committee of state finance ministers on Friday gave the Centre a three-week deadline to take a decision in favour of releasing Central Sales Tax (CST) compensation to states and said not doing so will impact rollout of the Goods and Services Tax (GST).The empowered group met here and urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to resolve the CST compensation issue by August 7 to remove any trust deficit with states. At the same time, the states resolved to rollout the GST network by November, a forward movement towards implementing the Centre's ambitious indirect tax reforms.\"States are angry, they are agitated. We have urged the prime minister to resolve the issue by August 7. We hope he (Singh) will resolve the issue,\" chairman of empowered committee of state FMs Sushil Kumar Modi told reporters after the meeting. The state FMs' group has also sought an appointment with the PM over this issue.The Centre had earlier released Rs 6,000 crore as compensation to states for CST for fiscal 2010-11, while the states are demanding Rs 19,000 crore. The finance secretary had later said there would be no more compensation on CST as the GST was to be implemented by this time.\"If there is trust deficit at the beginning, then how will the states rely on central government that it will compensate states when GST will be implemented?\" Modi asked. He hinted that the state FMs may take some tax measures in case the Centre refuses to give them compensation. Modi had earlier written a letter to the PM demanding the compensation package.Meanwhile, at a meeting of Parliament's finance standing committee on Friday, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu representatives suggested the lingering distrust between the Centre and the states over how the latter's losses by way of tax foregone will be compensated if the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) were empowered to calculate the compensation.The two states, along with Odisha, presented their views on the proposed GST outlining their reservations over the compensation mechanism. The dispute has deepened with the Centre not transferring any funds to the states over the last two years.The states have argued the formula for offering compensation for taxes like central excise and octroi that will be done away with was not easy to arrive at as there were sharp differences between \"developed, developing and under developed\" states.There were state-specific differences like Gujarat, which did not get any taxes from alcohol unlike other states and Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra that make sizeable gains by way of entertainment taxes. Odisha representatives pointed to the need for clarity on sharing of tax proceeds for coal sold by the state to Tamil Nadu as GST is applicable on consumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14874388", "title": "Junior commissioned officer was not ill-treated before his death: Army", "text": "JAIPUR: Army authorities have denied allegations of torture and foul play in the death of Subedar Major Rajendra Singh Shekhawat who died at a military hospital in New Delhi on July 5.The junior commissioned officer's (JCO) family had made the allegations in a complaint registered with the Delhi Cantt police station after his death. Shekhawat was cremated on July 7 in Jaipur where his family resides. The JCO's son, Pushpendra Singh, had told reporters here that his father was allegedly tortured as he was to about expose certain frauds by senior officers and corruption in the Army recruitments.In an official statement released on Friday, the Army authorities said, \"The JCO was guilty of misusing his official position as a head clerk for falsifying personal documents in order to obtain pecuniary gains for an honorary commission. Accordingly, the JCO was attached for disciplinary proceedings.\"The Army authorities added that Shekhawat had also absented himself from leave for which he was facing a Court of Inquiry.On July 2, the JCO suffered a stroke and suddenly took ill, while he was attached in the CVD (Central Vehicle Depot) Delhi Cantt for the Court of Inquiry and he was rushed to the Base Hospital, Delhi Cantt, but despite prompt medical attention he expired, the Army authorities said.\"The post mortem report indicates the cause of death as 'stroke right middle cerebral right tertiary infraction',\" the Army statement read.The Army authorities have stated that the allegations of ill treatment of the JCO being made by his relatives were baseless, as \"at no stage was the deceased ever subjected to mental harassment.\" The authorities said the JCO suffered a heart attack when he was not in the custody of his unit, 14 Raj Rifiles.The Army authorities added that the allegations being made were probably due to the emotional state of the family members on account of the loss of the JCO or due to instigation from vested interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14878309", "title": "WHO asks GADVASU professor\u2019s advise", "text": "LUDHIANA: The World Health Organization (WHO) has requested Dr Charan Kamal Singh, a professor at Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU), to send his views on ante-mortem diagnosis of rabies. Singh's efficient work on the topic was recognized when he was chairing a technical session at the 14th National Conference of Association for Prevention and Control of Rabies in India (APCRI) in Kolkata.\"My presentation on the topic \"latest advances in diagnosis of rabies in living animals\" at the conference impressed Dr F X Meslin of WHO, who requested me to send my views to WHO headquarters, mentioning it will help to devise an international policy on ante mortem diagnosis of rabies,\" says Singh.Talking about Singh's achievement, a spokesperson of GADVASU said, \"It is a matter of pride for GADVASU that based on the Dr Singh's accomplishments, APCRI announced recognition of his rabies research-cum-diagnostic laboratory at GADVASU, for all collaborative projects that will be taken up at the national level in future.\"APCRI had chosen Singh as a convenor to constitute national committee for improving the state of rabies diagnostics and research. Dr Singh will identify the members and laboratories to be included in the national committee within next two months, added the spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870512", "title": "District bar association announces indefinite strike from Monday", "text": "NAGPUR: The district bar association (DBA) has decided to launch an indefinite strike from Monday to protest the alleged mistreatment meted out by policemen to their president Sudeep Jaiswal and lawyer Yogita Chaudhuri.The decision was taken in a hurriedly assembled General Body meeting. The police action taken against Chaudhari and Jaiswal on Friday, and the lathicharge that Jaiswal was allegedly subjected to, were severely condemned in the meeting as unwarranted humiliation of lawyers in the name of security. After the meeting, DBA members shouted slogans against the police commissioner and staged a demonstration on the road to express their outrage.The Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa too has censured the police action and extended its support to the protest. The High Court Bar Association ( HCBA), Labour Court Bar Association, Vidarbha Lady Lawyers Association, BJP Advocates Association and bar associations of all nearby towns have also expressed their support for the lawyers' strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871526", "title": "HC organizes e-court conference today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court will organize a conference on Saturday to cultivate and spread the idea of e-courts. 'E-Court: Present and Future' will jointly by the high court and the Centre for Development of Advanced Computing ( CDAC), a government body, take stock of the developments in the existing, paperless e-courts. Union Law Minister Salman Khurshid will be the guest of honour. Besides them, it would be attended by the justices from the Supreme Court and the Delhi High Court, judicial officers from the district courts, advocates and government officials.The conference will include a visit to the Delhi high court and the Karkardooma court to see e-courts in action. \"The Delhi high court is the first high court in India to take an initiative to establish e-courts at the high-court as well as district-court levels. Within two years, seven e-courts have started functioning at the high court and two at the district-court level,\" a statement said.The conference, which will be inaugurated at India Habitat Centre by Supreme Court Justice Altamas Kabir, will help judicial officers, lawyers, government officials, vendors and other stake-holders understand the functioning of e-courts, data preservation and future plans in this field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14870566", "title": "Stricter guidelines to monitor proposals for new private colleges", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: To check mushrooming of private colleges with poor infrastructure, the Odisha government has come out with a set of stricter guidelines. The Educational Agency (EA) applying to start a new college will henceforth be required to submit a photograph of the building from where the institution will operate.The High Power Committee (HPC) on higher education, under the chairmanship of higher education secretary, took the decision recently, minutes of the HPC meeting released on Thursday said.So far the EA was required to show only the stipulated land requirement of two acre in urban areas and five acre in rural areas to start a college. But according to the new guidelines, the interested private party has to submit a photo of the college building along with the land requirement, registered in its name and countersigned by the tehsildar concerned. Besides, the agency has to produce proof of availability of adequate classrooms, laboratory, toilet, drinking water and library facilities while seeking permission to open a college.The HPC also said the required land for opening a college must be a compact patch. Existence of other colleges in the vicinity will also be a guiding factor, the minutes of the HPC meet revealed.Besides, the three regional directors of education (RDE) at Sambalpur, Berhampur and Bhubaneswar and the director of higher education (DHE) will not entertain proposals to open new colleges unless a complete list of faculty members is submitted along with the teachers' proof of identity with photographs, PAN cards and contact details such as email ids, cell phone numbers and postal addresses. The RDE and DHE will meet the promoters of EA and attach a proceeding of the meeting to the proposal being forwarded to the HPC for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14872257", "title": "Dental college celebrates gutka ban on foundation day", "text": "NAGPUR: The Government Dental College and Hospital ( GDCH) had an added reason to celebrate its 44th foundation day thanks to the ban on gutka in state. The college had been working towards this end for a long time. Apparently, the ban has come after serious inputs on impact of gutka were given to the health and medical education departments and the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) by various dental colleges in Maharashtra. GDC had enough data and evidence to justify the ban. The college, however, admitted that the long drawn battle against tobacco industry was only half won.\"Dental doctors may not have realized that they were fighting against a very powerful lobby. It is definitely half the battle won and remaining half remains until all tobacco products are banned,\" said Dr Ved Prakash Mishra, pro-hancellor of the Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences, a deemed university. He was speaking at the 44th foundation day celebration function of GDC.Few people may know that the bill banning gutka was supported by scientific evidence and research conducted by GDC and a few other dental colleges. GDC dean Dr Vinay Hazarey told TOI that a GDC study conducted ten years ago had shown an incidence of 2-3 persons per thousand suffering from sub-mucal mucosa, a disease (the patient cannot open mouth) caused by gutka and tobacco chewing. It leads to oral cancer if not contained in time. This figure touched 5-7 persons per thousand in 2005 and is projected at 10 per thousand this year. The overall incidence of gutka related diseases including oral cancer is seen to be as high as 46.2% in common population.Dr Hazarey is sure that this time the ban would stick as compared to earlier bans, the legislation as well as evidence was extremely strong. \"To me the ban is inclusive of all food items containing tobacco and nicotine in any form. Hence it should include kharra as well. In fact, kharra is much more dangerous and its effects are more serious than pan masala,\" said Dr Hazarey. Since de-addiction is a slow process GDC is also taking an initiative of counselling the addicts who wish to quit gutka.It was a big win for the GDC students who have been working for creating awareness against gutka consumption for many years. The Students Association took out a rally to celebrate the ban on the occasion of the foundation day. Dr Mishra, Dr Hazarey, Ashish Deshmukh, treasurer of Vidya Shikshan Prasarak Mandal which runs the NKP Salve Institute of Medical Sciences, Sandhya Gotmare, Zilla Parishad president, joined the students in burning an effigy of gutka and pan masala before the rally.To make its side stronger the state government has filed caveats in all the three benches of Bombay High Court. Bharti Dangre, additional government pleader, filed a caveat on Friday in Nagpur Bench in case anyone decided to challenge the ban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870493", "title": "Tatkal bookings: Agents, touts continue to hold sway", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the railway ministry has streamlined the delivery of tickets under tatkal scheme from July 10, touts and agents continue to hold sway over the bookings.Under the new rules, booking of tatkal tickets starts at 10am on the day before the train starts its journey from the originating station, instead of 8am earlier. For example, if a train is to depart on the 2nd of the month, the tatkal quota booking both through internet and reservation counters for that particular train shall open at 10am on the 1st of the month.In addition, no authorized agents, including agents of IRCTC, are allowed to book tatkal tickets from 10am to 12 noon from counters as well as on the internet.However, for the past three days, TOI observed that except for the timings nothing has changed. The basic purpose of reducing or minimizing possibility of touts or agents booking tickets is still being defeated. Touts and agents have been dominating the counters and the railways have no mechanism to counter them.In November 2011, one of the conditions introduced to obtain tatkal tickets was production of self-attested photocopy of any one of the nine prescribed proofs of identity mentioned in the scheme at the computerized passenger reservation system (PRS) counter.So, agents and touts are producing authority letters from passengers and their ID proof photocopies to show they were relatives of the passengers.Earlier, when counters opened at 8am, the modus operandi of the agents was to sleep near the counters overnight and stake a place in the line at 8am. Now, when the timing has changed, these elements approach the counters in the wee hours and still stake places in the line at 10am.Nandkishore Mainani, who wanted a tatkal ticket for Delhi, complained recently when he arrived at the Motibagh counter at 9.30am. Two persons standing in line were soon joined by 15 others, all claiming to have been in the queue already.When Mainani objected, and asked the miscreants to stand in queue behind him, he was assaulted. Eyewitness Devendra Ramteke said the woman RPF constable Vibha Avtar too bashed up Mainani, alleging misbehaviour.Avtar refused to speak to TOI when asked about the incident. Mainani said that barring three passengers, all of those in the line were allegedly agent and had authority letters from the actual passengers.Hemant Nagar, a city resident who faced similar experience recently, says that during those crucial 10-15 minutes, all tickets are purchased by touts and agents, who then sell them at a premium. \"One has to pay Rs 300-400 extra for each ticket,\" he adds.At Nagpur station too this is a common practice. Agents and their men sleep near the counters to get tokens. Each tout has some 4-5 individuals with him. The RPF men deputed at the spot are helpless.Darshan Kumar, divisional security commandant (DSC) of South East Central Railway (SECR), said regular drives are conducted against touts at reservation counters. \"Sometimes passengers also behave very rudely. I will probe the Mainani incident,\" Kumar said.Pravin Dabli, member of zonal railway users' consultative committee (ZRUCC), SECR, says agents have devised new ways to get tatkal tickets. Their men move to smaller stations in the division and procure tickets. \"You cannot identify who are the men put in place by the agents. Even if caught, there is no harsh punishment,\" Dabli said.The promised steps like installation of CCTVs to monitor any unusual activities, inspection of reservation centres by senior officers, display of helpline numbers for complaints, raids by vigilance squads to prevent misuse of tatkal facility are yet to be put in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14873877", "title": "Dacoity attempt foiled, 5 held", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Thursday claimed to have prevented a dacoity attempt at a wine shop in Vimannagar, following the arrest of five persons. The police have seized sharp weapons and four cell phones from the suspects.Manoj Vilas Dhotre (25) of Vishrantwadi, Rakesh Dadan Pandey (21) and Ravishankar Ramadhar Pandey (20) both residing near Pune railway station, Dipakkumar Behra (20) of Shirdi and Nagesh Bandgar (24) of Boshari were the men arrested. The anti-dacoity cell of the Pune crime branch, led by inspector Satish Govekar, made the arrests.Govekar said he received a tip-off that the men were planning a dacoity at a wine shop in Vimannagar. \"We laid a trap and nabbed them on Thursday evening,\" Govekar said.He said the that the men all have criminal records with case of murder, dacoity, robbery and body offences registered against them.The suspects were produced before court on Friday and remanded to police custody till July 19. Assistant police inspector Yashwant Phulawade is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14871486", "title": "Jyotirmoyee Sikdar's husband asked me to frame Pinki Pramanik: Ex-partner", "text": "KOLKATA: Pinki Pramanik's former live-in partner said on Friday she had brought rape charges against the Asian games gold medallist at the behest of Avtar Singh, a power broker and husband of Jyotirmoyee Sikdar, one of Bengal's most celebrated athletes and a former CPM MP.The 32-year-old woman claimed they needed to prove \"Pinki is a male\" for purposes beyond what was stated in the complaint as Pramanik and Singh were locked in a bitter land dispute. The confession came a day after state sports minister Madan Mitra said Singh - a history-sheeter who was arrested in 2004 for running a sex racket in his hotel -had tried to usurp prime land allocated to sportspersons by the Left regime in 2006, including Pramanik's three-cottah land off the E M Bypass. He also said Singh blackmailed and threatened these sportspersons.Ironically, Sikdar was among activists and athletes who backed Pramanik's claim that she had been framed and took part in protests outside Dum Dum Central Jail where the former athlete was lodged. On Friday, she refuted the allegations against her husband, arguing her support Pramanik could be the trigger for such conspiracy theories.The real story behind Pramanik's June 13 arrest, though, could lie in the words of her former partner. \"After a tiff over payments, Singh told me over phone we need to show the world Pinki is a male,\" the woman told TOI, hinting that the plan was to portray Pramanik as a fraud and pack her away to prison. \"Their problem started after Pinki demanded more money for the plot of land where Singh is building a highrise. Singh paid her a part of the Rs 30lakh Pinki demanded but their bickering continued,\" she said.Asked for his reaction, Mitra said the \"activities\" of Singh were \"known to all\". \"I've said it before and I'm repeating it again, the state had allocated land to Pramanik to stay there. The land was not meant to be used commercially by building a highrise and selling flats. It's in the KMC records. I would urge people (sportspersons) being threatened by Singh to lodge complaints.\"Mitra had earlier claimed Pramanik had \"misused\" the land and handed it over to private promoters - a charge she denied.Singh wasn't available for comment, but Sikdar defended him and dared Mitra to show proof of his involvement. \"My husband played no role in all this. Are all these allegations against us being triggered by our support for Pinki? I ask the minister making the allegations to provide credible proof for what he says. If this is true, why aren't they taking any action?\"The woman also claimed she was being repeatedly threatened to lodge another complaint against Pramanik since Tuesday, when she got bail. \"If police want, they can verify the call recordings. It is very obvious who wants me to shut up now,\" she alleged.After Pramanik won triple gold medals at the 2006 South Asian Games and followed it up with an Asian games gold the same year, the state gave her three cottahs of land. It was learnt that Pramanik - who hails from a remote village in Purulia - was reportedly \"coaxed\" into giving the power of attorney for the land to another person. She was reportedly paid Rs 10 lakh for it and was promised an apartment in the building complex to be built on that land. But in the six years since, the land price shot up to nearly Rs 2 crore, resulting in the bickering, sources said.Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar said, \"These charges are not related to the original complaint. If there are any specific allegations, we will investigate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14871005", "title": "Lawyers to intensify stir against Higher Education and Research Bill", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After two days of nationwide strike, Bar Council of India (BCI) has reiterated its resolve to intensify the protest against the Higher Education and Research (HER) Bill, 2011.\"We have achieved a grand success in two days' strike by showing our strength and seriousness of our protest against the Bill,\" BCI chairman Manan Kumar Mishra said. \"After seeing this strength and unity of the fraternity, we are hoping that our demand to withdraw this Bill will be met. Otherwise we are going to intensify our protest,\" he added.Mishra, accompanied by BCI's executive committee chairman Apurba Kumar Sharma, were here as a part of their visits to all the state bar councils to finalize the next stage of protest. They met members of the Bar Council of Gujarat (BCG) and congratulated them for showing solidarity with their national counterparts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14874533", "title": "Sawai Man Singh hospital to ask PWD for new transformers", "text": "JAIPUR: After power failure twice at Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital in a week, the hospital administration has decided to write to the public works department to replace the old transformers with new ones to avoid such a situation in future.A meeting was held at SMS hospital in which engineers of Jaipur Vidhyut Vitran Nigam Limited, public works department, and the hospital engineers took part. It was headed by the hospital's acting superintendent Virendra Singh.Discussions were held on the causes of power failure and solutions to prevent such incidents were discussed. ICU, operation theatre, emergency unit and central laboratories are important parts of the hospital and power failure in these facilities directly affects the health of the patients.A hospital administration official said that decision has been taken to stretch one more electricity line in these facilities so that if one line fails, the other can continue the supply. At present, there is just a single electricity line in these facilities.Besides, there are 15 transformers in the hospital, which have become old and need to be replaced. The official said that hospital superintendent will write to the public works department to replace the old transformers with 990KV package transformers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14876161", "title": "Crocodile rescued from Parvat Gam", "text": "SURAT: Around a five feet long crocodile was rescued from Puna Kumbharia road by volunteers of an environmental awareness organization. The crocodile was spotted by farm labourers on Thursday evening.Fire brigade first received the call after which a team of Prayas was informed whose volunteers then carried out the rescue operation in association with forest officials. Locals had informed the forest officials that they spotted a crocodile in the past in nearby rivulet. The crocodile had come out in the farm and its vicinity in search of food.The crocodile was shifted to the rescue centre. It was found in good health during medical examination and was later released as per the directives of the forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14874728", "title": "Showers give relief from humid weather", "text": "BHOPAL: Showers on Friday afternoon gave respite from the hot and humid weather. The increased moisture in air is being attributed as the reason for showers by the met department.The officials of the meteorological department, Bhopal circle, have ruled out presence of any low pressure area over the state and said the scattered rainfall at few places was mainly due to the local weather development. A good spell of rain is not expected over the state till a fresh system in formed, they said.Bhopal recorded a total of 10.4 mm of rainfall till Friday evening. Gwalior and Jabalpur also received light rain.The temperature continues to remain a few notches above the normal mark. The maximum and minimum temperature in four main cities of Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 34.1 and 23.6 degrees Celsius.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 33.1 (+2) degrees and a minimum of 25.1 (+2) degrees C. The maximum temperature in Indore was recorded at 32.4 (+2) degrees and minimum at 23.6 (+1) degrees C.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 34.0 (+1) degrees and minimum of 29.0 (+3) degrees Celsius. The maximum and minimum temperatures at Jabalpur was recorded at 34.1 (+3) and 25.6 (+2) degrees Celsius respectively.The weather office said the possibilities of widespread rains are bleak on Saturday and mild showers could be witnessed at a few places at east MP, including Jabalpur, Rewa, Sagar and Shahdol due to local weather condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14878936", "title": "Armed men loot Rs 70 lakh ornaments", "text": "PUNE: Three men carrying a revolver and sharp weapons robbed ornaments worth around Rs 70 lakh, besides cash, from a jewellery shop at Budhwar Peth on Friday night.The Faraskhana police said that the men, who had covered their faces, barged into R P Jewellers located on the first floor of Shobha Nivas near Vijay Maruti temple at Kedari chowk around 8.15 pm.Brandishing their weapons, they threatened the partners of the jewellery shop, Rajesh Porwal and Padamraj Porwal, and their employee, Raju Bendre, who were making ornaments at the time. They tied their hands and legs and gagged them with tape before decamping with 2.5 kg gold, 5 kg silver bricks and Rs 1.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14894021", "title": "HRD ministry grants two central varsities to Bihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving in to the demands of Bihar, the Union government has decided to set up a central university in Motihari in addition to the one proposed in Gaya, ending a prolonged slugfest over the issue.\"I have given the approval for establishment of a central university in Motihari and I am happy that the issue has been resolved,\" HRD minister Kapil Sibal told reporters here on Friday.HRD ministry had decided to set up a central university in Gaya, arguing that it had good connectivity and enabling infrastructure.However, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and other political parties had been insisting that the central university should be established in Motihari to end regional disparities, leading to a slugfest for months.The Bihar Assembly even passed a resolution to demand the university in Motihari.As a consequence of the decision, the Central Universities Act, 2009 would have to be amended to enable opening of two central universities in Bihar. The Act had a provision for setting two central universities in Jammu and Kashmir as a special case.This is only the second exception made by the Union government of setting up two central universities in a particular state, the first being Jammu and Kashmir.Sources said there would be no additional allocation for Bihar and the Rs 240 crore meant for the state for the central university would now be divided among the two varsities.Sibal said the campus in Motihari would be adjacent to an upcoming national highway, the completion of which would reduce the travel time to and fro Patna by two and half hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "14873884", "title": "Don't worry about Shri Ram Sena entry to Goa, govt tells opposition", "text": "PORVORIM: \"Let (Pramod) Muthalik come, we'll take care of him,\" was how No 2 in the Goa cabinet, Francis D'Souza, in the absence of chief minister Manohar Parrikar , responded to demands from opposition members for not allowing entry to Shri Ram Sena in Goa.He was replying to the issues raised by the opposition benches during the two-day discussion on motion of thanks to the governor for his address to the assembly in March this year.When opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane asked, \"Why allow Muthalik to come?\", the revenue minister said, \"Everyone can come. How can you stop any one? .. No one can be stopped..... read the Constitution of India.\"When Rane tried to ask another query, D'Souza said, \"Why are you worrying. The government is functioning. We'll take care of it.\"Sometime ago, Parrikar had maintained that his government would not allow anyone to take law into their hands. However, he had parried questions on the demand for banning entry of the sena in Goa with statements like \"I don't want to react to such elements\". During the discussion on motion of thanks to the governor's address to the house, one MLA on Thursday asked whether the government wants such organizations to take firm root in Goa. Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho on Friday also joined the chorus for not allowing Shri Ram Sena in Goa.This issue has been going on from the time Muthalik declared at the all India Hindu convention held at Ramnathi-Ponda last month that the first branch of his organization would be set up in Goa within three months and that the chief minister would be invited to inaugurate it. Muthalik had also stated that his organization would not want Goan youth to celebrate Valentine's Day as it was against Indian culture.Speaking further, the revenue minister admitted that the government has failed to keep its promise of setting up a Lokayukta in 100 days. Getting assent to the bill took some time and hence the process was delayed, he said.To the criticism of Swarnajayanti Bhima Yojana, D'Souza said the lacunae in the scheme will be rectified.Replying to Rane's demand that the Ladli Laxmi scheme should be implemented through the department and not through MLAs, D'Souza said the forms would be available to all and no one should be worried.The opposition leader also brought to the notice of the government that there was illegal conversion of plots in the command area development authority (CADA) area in Mayem and Poriem constituencies in connivance with panchayat members and secretary.The assembly later rejected the amendments to the governor's address proposed by the opposition and later adopted the motion moved by Aldona MLA Glen Ticlo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14873631", "title": "Ferrying kids to school illegal: RTO", "text": "MARGAO: Even as private vehicle owners are sore over the drive by transport authorities and the police against the practice of converting their vehicles into school vans sans the requisite permit from the authorities, RTO officials have asserted that private vehicles are not authorized to ply on a commercial basis to ferry school students and the clampdown will continue.\"If they desire to carry out this business (of ferrying school students), they can obtain permits from the RTO to run their vehicles as tourist taxis and only then can they double it up as a school van. But then they will have to adhere to all the guidelines in force governing school buses,\" Abhay Naik, assistant director (enforcement), RTO, South Goa, said.The RTO has given school managements and school bus operators time until September to ensure that their vehicles meet all the guidelines as laid down in a Supreme Court order.\"We have given a copy of the Supreme Court guidelines to all the schools and bus operators in Margao and surrounding areas. Some of them wanted time to get their buses ready to conform to the guidelines. For instance, the court guidelines mandate that the school buses should be painted yellow; Since this is the rainy season which renders the painting task a tad difficult, we have given them time till September. After that there will be no let down and violators will be penalized as per the law,\" Naik told TOI.What's significant is that the South Goa district collector, N D Agarwal, at a review meeting he held with officials of the various government agencies on Friday, directed the RTO to subject all school buses to a fitness test every six months instead of the normal practice of conducting such tests once a year.Confirming this, Agarwal said that the directives were aimed at ensuring the safety of school students. \"The safety of school students is of prime importance and cannot be compromised at any cost. I have told the RTO to thoroughly check all school buses every six months for fitness. If any lapses are found, the owners will be booked by the RTO for negligence. Offences will be registered against the bus driver and license suspended, if required. Bus owners should also be penalized which may also include cancelling the bus permit. I have directed the RTO to act tough against those transporting school children in an unsafe manner,\" Agarwal told TOI.As per Section 2(47) of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, a school bus is a transport vehicle and therefore requires a permit to ply on the road. Being a transport vehicle it also needs to undergo mandatory fitness tests periodically, without which the permit cannot be renewed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kalimpong", "code": "14872094", "title": "Mamata Banerjee's olive branch to Gorkha Janmukti Morcha over Gorkhaland Territorial Administration", "text": "KALIMPONG: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday went an extra mile to convey the message to Gorkha Janmukti Morcha leadership that she doesn't want to do politics in the Hills, nor does she have any intention to grab the territory of the Hill people. This despite the fact that she has fielded 16 candidates against GJM for the July 29 Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) elections.Her announcement comes a day after GJM bagged most of the seats uncontested following the CPM's pulling out of the fray. The GJM president also criticized the Trinamool's decision to contest the GTA poll. Gurung held that it was going against the GTA agreement that gave greater autonomy to the Hill people in running the new body.In a bid to assuage the GJM leadership, Mamata rose above party politics at Kalimpong and said she was not interested in political conflict in the Hills. \"I don't want to do politics in the Hills. I don't have any intention to take advantage of any political rift either. I won't grab your land. I only want the Hill people to take up development projects in a better way,\" the CM said.She took this opportunity to reiterate in the public meetingthat the Hills and its people are an important part of Bengal. Mamata was successful in her mission because GJM president Bimal Gurung and other leaders later met her in the Kalimpong Circuit House to discuss the development roadmap. The GJM will also send a delegation to Kolkata on July 21 to attend the martyrs' day rally of the Trinamool Congress at Esplanade.In presence of GJM leaders Roshan Giri, Harka Bahadur Chhetri and others, Mamata said: \"I am very happy that GTA has been formed. Soon after the election, GTA will get Rs 200 crore fund for development. But development won't come without peace.I have come to know that tourists are coming to Darjeeling. Many tourists didn't even get a hotel room. They had to spend the night on the streets.It means more money for the Hill people. We are planning to boost home tourism and also set more trekking huts at Sandakphu.\"As part of her plan to integrate the culture of the Hills with the plains, the CM announced her government's decision to celebrate the 198th birth centenary of Nepali poet Bhanu Bhakta Acharya both in the Hills and the plains. Migrant Nepalese Association (India) also celebrated Bhanu Bhakta's centenary in Kolkata in presence of Nepal's consul general in Kolkata Chandra Kumar Ghimiri.The CM also announced setting up of a Nepali language academy in the lines of the Lepcha Development Council. Development of the Hills and uplift of its culture and heritage gained top priority to the CM.The chief minister said, \"Soon after the election, GTA will get Rs 200 crore for development. But development won't come without peace.\"She, however, isn't leaving it to the GTA alone. \"I will come again and again to see how the development works are going on. I want to see in my own eyes.I want to see the Hills smiling,\" the CM said, dropping clear hints that she won't compromise with development.After the public meeting, Mamata took time off her schedule to pay a visit GJM MLA Harka Bahadur Chhetri's home at Chandraloke before she left for the Kalimpong Circuit House. There, Gurung and other leaders are likely to discuss with her issues related to the presidential and vice-presidential polls.Meanwhile, some people in the Hills have claimed that the chief minister has violated election code by announcing the programme to celebrate Bhanu Bhakta's birth anniversary and also some development projects for the region.Mamata, however, clarified: \"I know that the GTA election will take place later this month and that it is a convention that no political program should take place during this period. But I have taken special permission to come and attend today's program as I respect the poet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14874741", "title": "Vedike seeks ban on Made Snana before champa shashti", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka Rajya Hindulida Vargala Jagrutha Vedike has urged the state government to announce a ban on Made Made Snana ritual practised at Kukke Sri Subrahmanya Temple before the next champa shashti, when it is observed every year for three days. This year the champa shashti falls on December 16 to 18.If the authorities concerned failed to put an to the practice, the Vedike will hold a Jagruthi Andolana in front of the temple.KS Shivaramu, the president of the Vedike, told reporters on Thursday said that the recent suggestions made by Vishwesha Theertha swami of Pejawar Mutt were unacceptable. \"Made Made Snana is inhuman unconstitutional and abhorrent practice. It is better if the seer stays neutral on the issue and use his influences to get the practice banned,\" he added.\"If he is really concerned about the Malekudiyas and their beliefs in the ritual, he should ensure that they are given a say in the affairs of the temple management at Subrahmanya,\" he added.Reacting to the seer's suggestion of conducting a ashtamangala prashne on the issue, he said that he had no belief in such things. \"The seer should use do it to find out to whom the temple rightfully belong - the Malekudiyas or others,\" he added.Referring to the assurance given by former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda of putting an end to the practice within two months at an interaction meet organized by the Vedike and like-minded organizations in Bangalore, Shivaramu said Sadananda Gowda would have resolved the issue if not for the political turmoil in the state.He also said that the Vedike members would meet the new CM Jagadish Shettar and exhort him to ban such practices across the state.\"We have already spoken to leader of the opposition in the state assembly Siddaramaiah,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14887876", "title": "Nishan to play lead in 10:30 Local Call", "text": "'Rithu' fame Nishan is all set to play the lead character in the '10.30 Local Call'. M S. Manu is the director of the film. The shooting will commence soon.Radio and Annum Innum Ennum are two movies for which he is busy shooting for! Source: Keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "14870580", "title": "Locals protest ESMA in Talcher coal belt", "text": "ANGUL: Strong resentment is brewing among people affected by coal mines in Talcher over the promulgation of Essential Maintenance Service Act, 1988 (ESMA) in coal mine areas. The ESMA was promulgated in Talcher coal mine areas as frequent strikes were disturbing both coal production and transportation, affecting the power supply from the power plants here.The home department on June 8 directed the district administration to prohibit strikes and blockades in Talcher connected with the production of coal, transportation and dispatch of coal to companies like NTPC , Nalco and other power plants.\"This is necessary for a peaceful industrial environment and maintaining continuity in generation and supply of power in the state. The situation has aggravated due to agitation and strikes by the workers and transporters engaged for coal transportation work in the open cast coal mines of MCL at Talcher,\" the home department letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14871805", "title": "Rally taken out in city to promote family planning", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In an attempt to spread awareness regarding population control and family planning methods, as many as 1,000 women from different organizations on Friday took part in a rally appealing eligible couples to come forward for family planning.CMO Dr Ramesh Kumar Srivastava flagged off the rally. It started at Subhash Chowk and ended at AD family welfare office. On the occasion, the chief medical officer appraised people about the advantages of small family and asked eligible couples to adopt family planning measures. The participants including youths, girls and women also shouted slogans in support of family planning claiming that the small family is the base of happy family.The basic health workers have further assured that they would be visiting door-to-door to spread the concept of small family - happy family. Officials said that it's an individual's responsibility to spread awareness and eligible couples especially those whose family is completed should positively adopt family planning measures for population stabilization.Deputy CMO, Dr Vivek Srivastava said \"sincere efforts are underway to spread awareness among masses regarding population stabilization programmes and officials are running from pillar to post to maintain eligible couples registers at primary and community health centers who would be adopting family planning methods\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14888848", "title": "Naga Chaitanya-Veeru Potla film shoot from Oct", "text": "Naga Chaitanya's new movie under the direction of Veeru Potla will commence its regular shooting from October. Chaitu, who is currently shooting for Autonagar Surya and Vettai remake, has given the green signal for veeru Potla's script and will join the sets in October. The film would be produced by Siva Prasad Reddy under Kamakshi Movies banner.Veeru Potla earlier directed 'Bindas' featuring Manchu Manoj and 'Ragada' starring Nagarjuna, apart from lending scripts to Varsham, Santhosham and other Telugu and Tamil films. The director is currently giving finishing touches to Naga Chaitanya's script and is likely to announce it shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870557", "title": "Passer-by captures top lawyer slapping cop", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police on Friday booked District Bar Association (DBA) president Sudeep Jaiswal for allegedly slapping a police constable deployed near the gate of the Nyay Mandir that houses the district and sessions court. In protest, the lawyers' body has called for an indefinite strike from Monday.Jaiswal, whose misdemeanour has been captured in a mobile clipping by an enthusiastic passer-by, was booked for assault, obstructing a government employee from discharging duty and some other charges by the Sadar police. Though one of the charges is non-bailable, the cops seem to be in no hurry to arrest Jaiswal and escalate the situation.Offences against around 80 DBA members too have been registered for wrongful restraint and unlawful assembly for blocking the traffic between Akashwani Square and GPO Square. Police constable Prakash Parate has been also booked for using abusive language while talking to woman lawyer Yogeeta Chaudhary who too has been charged with wrong restraint.Jaiswal claimed he did not assault any constable but merely pushed him in self-defence. \"I was being instigated,\" he said. \"We wanted security and are ready to cooperate but cannot compromise with dignity.\"TOI has in its possession the clip in which a man, who appears to be Jaiswal, first gets into an argument with a constable and then lands a couple of open-handed slaps on his left cheek. The constable did not retaliate and is seen ducking and avoiding further blows on his body. The clip lasts for 40 seconds and when split breaks into 1,213 frames.It was based on the clip that the police framed charges. The passer-by, a young student, cooperated with the police and even went to the Sadar police station so that his statement could be recorded. The cops are not revealing the student's name to protect his identity. They plan to use the clipping as evidence.The police also informed that the police videographer, who was summoned to the spot, has shot the chaos and the confrontation between the lawyers and the cops in which both parties traded allegations.The fracas took place after Parate, who was manning the eastern gate of Nyay Mandir, objected to Chowdhury speaking on her mobile phone while she was proceeding to park her two-wheeler after entering the gate. Police sources claimed Chaudhary stopped her vehicle and blocked the passage.Seeing the traffic piling up behind her, Parate asked Chaudhary to move ahead. This led to a heated exchange between the constable and lawyer. \"The constable spoke arrogantly,\" she said. \"If he is not suspended by Monday, we shall launch a stir,\" she added.On being informed, Jaiswal rushed to the place and had a heated argument with Parate. In the heat of the moment, Jaiswal allegedly slapped the constable twice. The lawyers soon resorted to 'raasta roko' that prompted CP Ankush Dhanvijay to send more personnel. The lawyers were convinced to withdraw their protest after promising suitable action would be taken. \"The mobile clipping clearly shows that Jaiswal assaulted the constable,\" said Dhanvijay. \"We will take action soon.\"Parate's colleagues told TOI that he is a good-natured man. \"Had the woman lawyer not blocked the road, there would have been no commotion,\" said Vijay Akot, the assistant PI, who was in charge security on Friday.Sources from Nyay Mandir security said Jaiswal had tried to implicate an officer earlier this week when he was stopped from entering the premises along with a woman through the entrance meant only for court officials. Jaiswal claimed he had protested because the police official was careless about protocol in courts and disregarded presence of a magistrate. The police found his claims baseless after investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14870916", "title": "Martial arts teacher jailed in MMS case", "text": "Lohardaga: A young teacher of marshal art was arrested in connection with a smut clip case in Lohardaga on Friday.Town police had caught Shashi Thakur from his residence at Navaripada on Thursday midnight. He was absconding after police started investigation into his alleged involvement with a group of youths engaged in making obscene videos and circulating it through MMS and CDs. Two youths, including a girl, were already sent to to judicial custody. Subdivisional police officer Ram Gulam Sharma said Thakur's name came to fore after two persons were arrested in the case in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14872346", "title": "Man held for bid to extort Rs 15cr", "text": "Mumbai: A 30-year-old man was arrested on Friday for allegedly demanding Rs 15 crore from Vicco Laboratories.According to the police, Santosh Bane started threatening the company director, Sanjeev Pendarkar, last month. Pendarkar received a text message and a letter through courier, both demanding that he should Rs 15 crore or his family would be bombed. Following a complaint lodged with the Bhoiwada police, officials Shirish Sawant, Mahesh Tawde and Sanjay Nikam traced Bane to his residence at Manpada in Dombivli and arrested him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14878258", "title": "Ladies clubs revel in Teej\u2019s folk flavour", "text": "LUDHIANA: As gathering clouds cast a spell on the city, members of Niharika Ladies Club and Venus Ladies Club dressed in vibrant phulkari \"dupattas\" (stoles) and sporting long plaits braided with \"parandi\", enjoyed singing folk songs and dancing to traditional beats on Friday as they celebrated the arrival of Teej.Venus club organized its Teej party in a hotel on Dugri Road. The celebration started with a dance performance of 15-year-old Pallavi Madan on the number \"Desi Girl\". Pallavi set the mood right for the day as members cheered and applauded her performance. Without much delay, a team dressed in traditional clothes took to the stage and set it on fire with a high-on-energy giddha show. The team included 30-year-old Kashish Mahtaroo, Navpreet Kaur, who sang \"boliyan\" (Punjabi songs), Ritu Goyal, Sonali Goyal and Damandeep Kaur.Dugri Phase I-resident Navpreet, 30, said, \"Teej festival is always special. This time was even better for me as it was my first performance on stage. The atmosphere was ecstatic and we had really great fun. It is a festival for women and we enjoyed it thoroughly.\" Members also enjoyed a special cooking class for making nutritious food.Inviting Teej to the city, members of Venus Ladies Club and Niharika Ladies Club took the lead in celebrating the festival on Friday. Apart from enjoying folk songs and dance, Venus club members made most of a cooking class.\"It was a very nice twist to the celebration. The class was very interesting and I learned many recipes that are good for health,\" said Pavneet, a member of Venus club.The excitement was just as high at Niharika Ladies Club, who celebrated at Lodhi Club with much fun and frolic. Women danced on songs associated with Teej like \"Mahiya nee long gawaiyan\", \"Tasveer mohabbat\" and \"Sawan aya jhoom ke\". Club members also decided to create awareness regarding the environment and organized a quiz competition. Charneet Thukral, resident of Sarabha Nagar, Sheila Grover and Sandeep Oberoi of BRS Nagar won a lucky draw for all members wearing yellow and green clothes. Vouching that no celebration is complete without tambola, members also enjoyed their favourite game before heading home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "", "code": "14873900", "title": "UPTU counselling from today", "text": ": The admission process in the government and private engineering colleges across the state will begin from Saturday, when the students who have qualified the state entrance exam (SEE)-2012 will lock the seats during counselling. The UPTU counselling would go on till August 27.On the first day of counselling on Saturday, students from rank 1 to 8,000 have been called to take part in counselling. On Sunday, students from rank 8001 to 20,000 have been invited. On July 21, counselling of BTech and Biotech would be held. On July 22, counselling for BPharmacy would be held. On July 23 and July 24, counselling for fashion designing and BArchitecture would be conducted. Counselling for MSc will be held on July 24. Counselling for MBA and hotel managament would be held on July 25 and July 26 respectively.The counselling will be held at HBTI, PSIT and KIT. The students can find the name of the counselling centre on the counselling letters issued to them. Students who have not received the counselling letters, can download it by logging onto www.gbtu.ac.in.The original documents, including marksheets of class X, XII would be checked. A medical certificate about the fitness of the student is required during counselling.Students with a gap after intermediate will be required to bring an affidavit, giving a reason as to why he/she did not join any course after passing out class XII.The students would be required to lock the college and the course of their choice with full attention. They are required to check the college, placement record of the particular college, library and lab facilities before selecting any particular college for pursuing BTech or masters degree in business administration.The engineering courses in demand are computer science, civil engineering, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, chemical engineering and electronics and communication.The students taking part in counselling can chose government engineering colleges like HBTI, Kanpur, IET, Lucknow. UPTTI, Kanpur, KNIT, Sultanpur, Madan Mohan Malviya Engineering College, Gorakhpur, BIET, Jhansi, Government College of Architecture etc.The second round of counselling would be held from August 9 to August 12. From July 28 to July 31, a special counselling will be organised for students of SC/ST and OBC categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "aasra", "code": "14875607", "title": "Village backs ban on cellphones for girls", "text": "AASRA: Six couples in love ran away at a go from this village of over 30,000 a year ago and married in court. Aasra was shocked. That wasn't the last straw. But when one of them returned to live here, the stink got unbearable. Village elders had to restore order. They issued a firman: No mobile phones for women below 40. They wouldn't go to the market unescorted. Boys were banned from playing songs on their mobile phones in the streets.Not just men, Aasra's women were equally outraged when the couple returned. \"How can a brother marry his sister and return to live here,\" 20-yr-old Asma asks. And, she has an education, unlike some others here. She has just started her Fiza Public School with her dad's help.Just under 100 km from Delhi, this is a village that lives in a time long gone. Straddling the Bagpat-Muzaffarnagar border. Lush cane fields on either side of the highway give way to a dirt road that leads to the village of both mud and concrete houses.Most houses look similar. The usual portico where the men lounge. Cattle in the yard (and cars) and then the living quarters from where women seldom step out. But in-between are some large dwellings that flaunt washing machines displayed in the centre of the courtyard.The women and girls are all in salwar kameez and no face is covered in this Muslim village. The firman by the village's sarpanch-hopeful Muhakkam Pehelwan may make rest of the rest of the country bang their heads against the wall. But on the face of it, most of the village - men and women -favour the strictures. For instance, here's what Asma has to say: \"What do you need a mobile for? You get all sorts of calls. Boys come outside the house and call you out, play songs loudly.\"Movie songs? \"No, it's not that bad yet,\" says the father Jilleuddin. \"Most households have a single phone kept at home.\" Father of five girls, Shah Rukh, insists he expects the media to talk of their village as the upholder of values. \"Write about this. Stop wrongdoing. Encourage traditional practices.\"Two things had to be stopped. First, the weekly bazaar of spices and vegetables, says 20-year-old tailor Md Arif. It had become a rendezvous for young couples. Second, boys had to be stopped from taking pictures of girls. \"It's abuse of the mobile phone. It's not right, is it, for brothers to take photos of their sisters and show them to their friends?\" says Shah Rukh.Baraut, 20 km towards Delhi, is the nearest town where mobile phones are sold. Aasra is not rich enough to afford mobiles for every person anyway, says Shah Rukh, but a titter goes up. \"Chinese mobiles are all over,\" says a teenager who is quickly hushed.Voice after voice rallies around the diktat. Mobiles keep you connected, develop relationships. For the village that wears its 'educated' status on its sleeves, boy falling in love with girl is just not on. They impress upon you it's an educated village. Names roll off of persons in government 'positions' and the police, even a judge. Every child goes to one of three primary schools and most girls study till Class X, some till Class XII. The married ones join anganwadis, work for monthly polio drives, awareness drives and so on.Some point to the indulgence of a father giving a daughter a mobile that leads to the problems. But all that, hope the villagers, will be in the past. The new decree is being taken seriously and it's too bad that the 'city-types' don't agree.Amid all this, there's also 30-year-old Md Parvez, who works in a Delhi carpenter shop and lives in Loni. He had come visiting. What does he think of the diktat? \"I have to go for my prayers,\" he smiles as he fades into the mosque. His eyes wanting to talk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14873060", "title": "Teacher protest irregularities in transfer counselling", "text": "COIMBATORE: Nearly hundred high school teachers from various parts of the district on Friday staged a sit-in protest against the mismanagement of transfer counselling held at CSI Boys Higher Secondary School here. They alleged that the information about the counselling was communicated in the last moment and the programme conducted in a hurry.More than 500 teachers from various government high schools were asked to attend counselling which officially called as 'surplus post equalisation'. But the teachers alleged that only a few of them received their transfer orders and rest of them were asked to attend a state-wide counselling to be held in Chennai on July 16 and 17.\"Teachers were informed only by Thursday afternoon about the counselling. They were asked to attend the programme on Friday at a school in Coimbatore.The education department told them that they had identified schools with excess teachers considering the strength of students and would be transferred to schools where vacancies existed,\" said TN Sivakumar, convenor, Federation of All Teachers Association.He said the present list of vacancies was prepared by the education department during last September. After this, there were several changes happened and student's ratio had increased in many schools making the list redundant, said Sivakumar.However, some of the teachers present at the programme said the counselling was held for the first time in the state and was conducted without any preparation. They said teachers who were already transferred during the current academic year were again asked to attend the programme. Moreover, vacancies in the city schools were not shown, they accused. \"The only vacancies were notified were those in areas like Mudumalai and some rural areas of Pollachi,\" said a mathematics teacher. She said there were senior teachers with more than 10 years of experience like her who were included in the list by overlooking junior staff in the same subjects.A Jeyaram, whose wife is a science teacher in a government school in the city, said she was transferred to a nearby school this academic year and was appalled to receive a transfer order again. \"She managed to receive the transfer after six years working in remote area. By the time many of the newly-appointed teachers had got their transfers,\" he said.However, a senior official at the district education department said the list was sent by the state directorate of education after consulting the individual schools. He said the teachers who have problems with their transfer orders can approach state education department.Coimbatore: High school teachers in government schools were called to attend a transfer counselling called the 'surplus posts equalisation' procedure at the CSI Boys Higher Secondary School in the city on Friday. More than 500 teachers were asked to attend the transfer counselling, but only a few received transfer orders. The rest may have to attend a state wide transfer counselling programme on July 16 and 17 in Chennai. Many of the teachers alleged that the processes were not being conducted fairly.T N Sivakumar the convenor of the Federation of All Teachers Association said that the teachers were informed only by Thursday afternoon, about the transfer counselling. They were asked to attend the programme on Friday at the city school. The education department told them that they had identified schools which have excess teachers in comparison to the strength of the students and they were transferred to schools were vacancies existed.He said that the present list of vacancies were decided depending on a list prepared by the education department last September. After this, there were several changes which had occurred. The students ratio had increased in many of the schools, making the list redundant, said Sivakumar.However, some of the teachers present at the programme said that this was being held in the state for the first time and this was done with little preparation. They said that teachers were transferred in the preceding months, and some of those who were already transferred in the present academic year were repeatedly made to partake in the programme. Moreover, the vacancies in the city schools were not shown, they accused. \"The only vacancies were those in areas like Mudhumalai and some rural areas of Pollachi,\" said a mathematics teacher. She said that there were senior teachers with more than 10 years of experience like her who were included in the list, by overlooking junior staff members in the same subjects.A Jeyaram, whose wife is a science teacher in a government school in the city said that they had received a transfer to a nearby school this academic year, and was appalled by the transfer order. \"She had managed to receive the transfer after 6 years of working in remote areas. In the process, several of the newly appointed teachers have been overlooked,\" he said.By noon, a section of the teachers sat on a protest against the counselling programme. However, a senior official at the district education department said that they were able to pacify the protesters later. He said that the list was sent by the state directorate of education, after consulting the individual schools. He said that the teachers who were not willing to accept the transfers would have to approach the state education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14873530", "title": "Pay property tax arrears from April 2010", "text": "MUMBAI: Come September and you will receive your \"final bill\" for property tax calculated under the newly implemented capital value- based system that was approved last month. This will spell bad news for owners of buildings, both residential and office complexes, which have come up after 2010 as they will have to pay property tax arrears from April 2010 in this financial year.For older buildings, which have been receiving provisional bills, the final bill will be adjusted to reflect the outstanding or refund amount calculated according to the new system.Not just the final bill, the BMC will also send a special notice that will reflect the property's capital value. The special notice will also entail space for objections and citizens will get 21 days to raise objections on the bill, if any. The notice will mention the area of the building for which property tax is to be charged, the new tax that has been calculated, the old tax rate and methodology of the new capital value-based tax, among other details of the new system.S S Shinde, joint municipal commissioner, told TOI, \"We are targeting end-August to send across the bills. Along with the bills, a special notice will also be sent. Every flat owner will be sent details such as the user category, nature of the building, floor number, etc-things that will determine the capital value of the property.\"The BMC is also working on incentives to lure citizens to pay the bills on time. For instance, if the bills are paid before June 30, you can get a rebate of 2-4%. \"We are working on the incentives. This will also reflect in the special notice that will be sent along with the final bill,\" said a senior official of the assessment and collection department. In case of late payment, a penalty would be imposed.According to the department, citizens will have to pay the difference amount between the new method and the old rateable value system. Citizens will get approximately three months to pay the additional property tax based on the capital value for the past three years, since April 2010. In case after calculating the difference, a property owner has made excess payment, the BMC will refund the amount on an interest rate of 6.25%. \"The bills will reflect the retrospective amount,\" said Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner.The BMC's standing committee had approved the new capital-value system, which bases taxes for all buildings (old and new) according to the Ready Reckoner Rate. The BMC had switched to the new capital value-based system that calculates property tax based on the use of property, construction, type and age from the former rateable value system, which was based on the rent of the property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14878930", "title": "Midday meal scheme buried deep into the past", "text": "PATIALA: Thousands of school students in Punjab proceeded with their summer vacations in high hopes that the midday meal scheme shall be introduced once again when schools reopen. It has been more than 10 days that the excited pupils got back to their studies in 15,000 schools, but the Punjab government is yet to release Rs 45 crore for the purpose.The scheme saw a bleak future much before the vacations began, though teachers continued with the facility, paying from their pockets. Seeing no hope, they too stopped. Details obtained from the midday cell show that the SAD-BJP government, in its current regime, did not release funds even once.President of the Sikhiya Vikas Manch Jagjit Nohra said: \"We had been paying to keep the scheme alive but we can't continue for long without support. Shopkeepers refuse us any more ration on credit. Our seniors insist we should go on.\" When contacted, Punjab in charge of the scheme, Prabhcharn Singh, could not provide a satisfactory reply. He could not even reveal the correct figure of the pending amount.For the scheme, 75% grants come from the Centre while the remaining 25% from the state government. But, the non-seriousness on part of Punjab could be gauged from the fact that it has not been contributing its small share despite repeated requests made by the schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14891777", "title": "Lady Gaga mocks 'skinny bitch' LiLo", "text": "Lady Gaga poked fun at friend Lindsay Lohan , on her Twitter account, for having cucumber snacks at night.According to X17, Lohan, Gaga and Lana Del Rey had a slumber party on Wednesday night at the Chateau Marmont in Hollywood .The ladies, each 26 years old, spent the evening together \"watching old movies and playing board games.\"\"The three of them had dinner in the garden on Tuesday night at Chateau, and then Lindsay and Gaga ran upstairs to play dress-up and came down in different outfits,\" Us magazine quoted a source as saying.According to the Daily Mail, the 'Just Dance' singer tweeted to Lohan on Wednesday, \"When you ordered a cucumber and a knife to the bar last night, I thought your were going to perform a vasectomy. Just a skinny b---h.\"Lohan tweeted back, \"Skinny snack 1, Lady Gaga hahaha.\"Gaga then tweeted a photo of a tray with a cucumber with a knife in it and sliced lemons sitting on the bar.\"How much could one do with this arrangement!\" she wrote as a caption.The singer's tweets and photo, however, have since been deleted.Back in April, Gaga had been criticized for sending a tweet that had been considered a pro-anorexic statement by some of her fans.\"Just killed back to back spin classes. Eating a salad dreaming of a cheeseburger. Pop singers don't eat. I was born this way,\" she wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872157", "title": "CM pulls up district officials over drought relief", "text": "BANGALORE: Poor implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act scheme in the state came into focus when new chief minister Jagadish Shettar held a video conference on the drought situation, with deputy commissioners and zilla panchayat CEOs on Friday.As CM, he learnt a bitter lesson: that a majority of districts had spent little under the scheme, especially in the past six months. Raichur, Koppal, Yadgir and Bangalore Rural, which are badly affected by drought, reported abysmal spending.Of Rs 109 crore allotted to Raichur, it has spent only about Rs 4 crore. Of Rs 59 crore allotted to Koppal, only Rs 27 lakh is spent, Yadgir spent Rs 43 lakh of Rs 4 crore allotted. This is also true in case of southern districts, with Bangalore Rural spending only Rs 23 lakh of Rs 33 crore allotted.Furious over the lackadaisical attitude of ZP CEOs, Shettar took officials of Koppal, Yadgir and Bangalore Rural to task. \"I will not tolerate such a callous attitude. I will take strict action if this continues,'' he said. calling for strict monitoring and vigilance.Ironically, the failure was due to petty politicking and dissidence in the BJP during the tenure of DV Sadananda Gowda, when Shettar was rural development and panchayat raj minister.Taking cognizance of complaints that job cards were not issued within the specified period of time after the receipt of applications, depriving deserving people of benefits under the scheme, Shettar also directed the officials to solve the problem of delay in payment of wages and ensure transparency.BOREWELLS DEFUNCTThousands of borewells across the state that were sunk spending lakhs of rupees to solve the water problem in the district, are now defunct. The matter came up for discussion at the video conference held by the CM to review the drought-relief measures. DCs of various districts told the CM that lack of rain and inadequate supply of power had resulted in nearly 90% of the borewells going defunct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871241", "title": "Autorickshaw refusals rise along with intensity of rains", "text": "MUMBAI: As rain gods show more magnanimity towards Mumbai, auto drivers' capriciousness has also intensified. Citywide, commuters complain that autowallahs are increasingly refusing to ply, with the traffic police and regional transport offices doing precious little to curb the menace.The problem has been witnessed the most in the areas of Andheri (E), Goregaon (E), Borivli, Jogeshwari, Bandra, Kandivli, Mulund, Ghatkopar, Chembur and Kurla. Auto drivers, while on duty and not ferrying passengers, either refuse to stop\u2014particularly for women, students and senior citizens\u2014or turn down commuters when told the destination.\"Drivers are shameless. They don't even look at you and pass by. It is frustrating to see four-five empty autos whizzing past while you are stranded in the middle of the road,\" said Andheri resident Rohit Krishnan. \"Even if I want to travel to Bandra, drivers turn me down.\"Sources said the reasons for rising refusals are many, but prominent among them is the skewed demand and supply during the rains. To escape downpours more people prefer using autos. And, exploiting the situation, drivers pick and choose which passengers to accept.A senior citizen from Goregaon said she regularly faces a tough time getting rickshaws in her area. \"During the monsoon, I make fewer trips out since it is difficult to get autos. Without them, it is impossible for me to travel since my weak knee does not allow me to walk far in the rains.\"In the last few days, many citizens have called up this newspaper with complaints of refusals. Several of them had been declined when they wanted to travel to clinics and hospitals or to schools and colleges. \"Why can't the authorities punish errant drivers stringently to create a deterrent,\" demanded Borivli resident Dipti Kothari.Regional transport offices said they had planned to conduct drives against refusals in July but got busy tackling electronic meter-tampering. \"In the past two weeks, our flying squads have checked for expired fitness certificates and tested e-meters. We have not begun a drive against refusals,\" an official said.Activist Shirish Deshpande said, \"Unless refusals stop and services improve, the state government should not give rickshaw drivers a fare hike.\"Times ViewThe unions are trying to be too clever by half. Tampering does not have anything to do with technology. It has more to do with criminal intent, the desire to make more money than one can earn honestly. This is the only issue with tampered meters. We know any technology can be manipulated. The unions should, if they have so much influence on drivers, educate them about commuters' rights to go by the correct fare to any destination of their choice. Educating drivers about the law, which has not yet made meter-tampering and refusals legal, would also help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14871070", "title": "HC issues contempt notice to DGP Chitaranjan Singh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday issued notice to the DGP Chitaranjan Singh and ADGP A K Singh over a contempt petition filed by a head constable for not transferring him despite court orders.This is in connection with a petition filed before the HC by a head constable Haroon Kadiwala in 2010. The constable had requested the court to direct state police department to transfer him from Himmatnagar in Sabarkantha district to Surat.Kadiwala told the court that he had joined police department in 1989 in Surat. He was transferred to Sabarkantha without any reason and despite his representations to transfer him back to his home town and parent cadre - Surat, no action was taken.A division bench last year asked the department to pay heed to his applications with observation that if there is no emergency situation, a member of constabulary should be sent back to his parent cadre. The authorities did not take any action.Kadiwala moved the court again and Justice K M Thaker directed the department to transfer him back soon. When the head constable reminded higher authorities again, he was told that an inquiry was pending against him in Surat and till it was not concluded, he would not be transferred to Surat.This reply forced Kadiwala to file a contempt of court petition against the DGP and ADGP (administration) stating that they have shown total disrespect to the HC directions. His counsel Mukul Sinha contended that no departmental inquiry was pending against Kadiwala, as he was never issued a chargesheet. He submitted that the authorities did not even care to verify the records before passing the order.The lawyer also contended that police department kept on changing its ground about Kadiwala's transfer, as earlier it said that the transfer was in \"public interest\" and now an affidavit filed by police said that his transfer was made \"purely on administrative ground\".A bench of Justice Jayant Patel and Justice C L Soni has asked the officials to explain the issue by July 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14874931", "title": "Chandigarh to soon get electricity corporation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Electricity-related affairs of Chandigarh will soon be managed by a corporation, as is being done in other states, including Punjab. A consultant will soon be appointed for preparation of a detailed project report (DPR) for creation of Chandigarh State Electricity Corporation Limited.Superintending engineer (electricity) M P Singh said, \"The ball has been set rolling on the lines of other states like Pondicherry. After the DPR is ready, objections would be invited from public.\" Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission has already been asking UT to restructure its setup. As of now, the electricity wing is a part of the engineering department of UT administration and has been inviting constant ire for frequent breakdowns.The corporation will have a managing director with the power to make appointments on his own. It will also be able to manage its finances independently. The flip side is that it could result in higher tariff for consumers as presently UT administration has been keeping tariff hikes pending for several months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870212", "title": "State goes after BT seed firm over \u2018wrong info\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Democratic Front (DF) government has begun the process to ban Bacillus thuringiensis (BT) cotton seed supplier firm\u2014Mahyco from selling the seeds.The state agriculture department has served a show-cause notice on Mahyco asking why it should not be banned from supplying and distributing cotton seeds in Maharashtra.\"It is found that Mahyco has been providing wrong and misleading information to the state government,\" a senior official in the agriculture department said. \"This is not the first time that the company has been involved in the malpractice, which is leading to black marketing of the BT seeds. The state government has no option but to initiate action against the firm,\" he added.\"We have served a notice to the firm. If they fail to justify their acts, the government will initiate further action. It may even face a ban,\" the official said.Few days ago, the issue of black marketing of BT seeds was raised in the state legislature's monsoon session. While replying to the query, in a written statement, agriculture minister Radhakrisha Vikhe-Patil informed the House of a complaint lodged against the firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872604", "title": "File your income tax returns at special counters", "text": "BANGALORE: To facilitate easy filing of returns, the income tax (I-T) department will open special counters at Gayathri Vihar, Palace Grounds, from July 25 to 31.These counters will remain open between 9.30am and 5pm on all days, including holidays. During this period, I-T returns of salaried assesses and pensioners will not be received anywhere else.The department said 100 special counters will be set up to receive the forms.As the assesses with income exceeding Rs 10 lakh are required to file their returns electronically, the facility to enable taxpayers to file it online is also being facilitated at the venue.The counters will have facilities like ATMs, swipe machines and bank extension counter for instant payment of taxes, if any. Several helpdesks are being set up and volunteers will be around to guide taxpayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14873065", "title": "Hookah sales zoom as parlours are city's current flavour", "text": "HYDERABAD: The hookah, also known as Shisha and Nargile, has puffed its way into the limelight with the Hyderabad police bent on cracking down on parlours entertaining minors in the city. However, with the hookah culture taking roots in the city once again, traders in the Old City are making the most of it with even paan shops stocking hookahs and flavoured tobacco for sale.Mohammed Sohail of I B Hookah Store in Chatta Bazaar hails from a family who has been hookah traders for close to 100 years. His store exclusively deals in sale of hookah and special tobacco. \"Earlier hookah lovers smoked on daily basis after dinner as it was believed to aid digestion. This is how it became a habit with men and became synonymous with court culture. Today it has become a means of entertainment by itself,\" he pointed out.Sohail, a final year undergraduate student, explained that the business in the last seven years has seen a revival after the parlours in swanky corners of the city began to popularize the tradition. According to him, several parts of the Old City including Chatta Bazaar has several shops selling hookah. \"My store manages to sell at least five hookah sets every week,\" he said.Hookah sellers point out that the tradition is seeing a revival owing to the availability of hookahs at throwaway prices, courtesy China and Dubai . \"The water pipe was earlier hand made by potters or craftsmen specialised in brass or silver work. But today they are manufactured in glass, aluminum and stainless steel in China from where they are imported to India. They are available in many designs starting at Rs 400. A pack of special flavored tobacco is available for Rs 50 and will last three 45 minute sessions. The price of a puffing session lasting an hour at a parlour costs at least Rs 300. Traders are capitalising on the low input cost which explains the renewed interest in the tradition. Even small paan shops now stock flavours and pipes,\" said an antique seller from Mahboob Chowk market.Interestingly the Old City itself has remained almost immune to the hookah parlour culture. According to observers, though the Old City and Begum Bazaar may have become a market of sorts for sale of hookah, the practice is largely restricted to homes of people with Arab kin. \"A few parlours were opened when the craze was setting in, in the Old City. But many of them have closed after they evoked strong reaction from the neighborhood. The residents of the Old City strongly feel that youngsters go astray if they were to indulge in such practices and frown upon it,\" said Mohammed Turab of Cova.The response of South Zone police to the ongoing raids on parlours also corroborates the same. The officials are confident that the culture is largely restricted to upmarket neighborhoods of Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills and hence there is no reason for concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14870542", "title": "Activist seeks action against forest minister", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A wildlife activist has urged the chief minister to take action against forest minister Debi Mishra for allegedly defending the public exhibition of a trapped leopard by the Sonepur collector recently.Mishra was present in Sonepur when the leopard had strayed into the district headquarters town and hid in a fancy store, triggering panic in the area. The animal was rescued 36 hours later by a team from Nandankanan zoo. Instead of being released in the wild, the leopard was kept in a forest nursery. It was then taken to the collector's residence, where barricades were put up for the public to see the animal and take photographs. What has aggrieved animal activists is the stoic attitude of the forest minister, who later defended the public exhibition of the leopard as a \"minor issue\".\"This was an improper conduct on the part of the forest minister. It was incredible that the minister, whose primary duty is to protect the interests of wildlife, can issue such a statement though the public display of the leopard clearly violates the guidelines issued by the Union ministry of environment and forest in April, 2011,\" green activist Biswajit Mohanty wrote to the chief minister.\"The minister has also failed in his duty by not announcing the release of the captured leopard in the wild. The guidelines clearly prohibit incarcerating any leopard rescued from the wild unless it is badly injured and cannot move,\" the letter added.It quoted the locals as alleging that the rescue operation was delayed by more than 24 hours due to forest officials being busy with the minister's program. \"If this is indeed true, then it is deplorable as the minister clearly forgot his primary obligation towards endangered wildlife,\" Mohanty said, simultaneously questioning the conduct of the district collector in \"ordering\" the divisional forest officer (DFO) to exhibit the leopard at his residence the next day for the public. \"The minister who was present in the town should have prevented this illegal display which caused tremendous stress to the animal,\" the letter stated.The letter reminded the chief minister of his earlier action against the then women and child welfare minister in 2010 in the backdrop of supply of inedible quality of dal for schoolchildren, the former agriculture minister for his alleged role in the Pipli gang rape case and the excise minister early this year in the wake of illicit liquor deaths in Cuttack district and demanded similar punishment for the forest minister. Stating that the state exchequer spends an average Rs 1.5 lakh per month on every minister, Mohanty said he had earlier in a letter to the chief minister had demanded resignation of the forest minister after the mass killings of elephants came to light in Similipal forest in April.\"The leopard is unable to meet you and lodge his protest for the callous attitude of the minister. I hope the silent cries of this innocent creature, who is now trapped for life in Nandankanan zoo and made a prisoner, would be heard so that justice is done,\" the letter added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14872918", "title": "Pathargatti's dying, thanks to Charminar Pedestrianization Project", "text": "HYDERABAD: \"Pathargatti market is the pride of Hyderabad. It resembles a ship, one which is sinking today,\" says Mahfooz Ahmed, a businessman of the area.According to Ahmed the reasons for the sinking ship are plenty, chief among them being the Charminar Pedestrianization Project that was initiated about 12 years ago. In the name of saving Charminar, planners, politicians and bureaucrats agreed to stop the heavy vehicular traffic, including the public transport buses, entering this market. This has only served as a deterrent to a large chunk of customers who come not only from different parts of the city but also from other districts and states.According to Ahmed's brother Maqbool who also runs a shop in Pathargatti, there are two festival seasons in a year that draw people to the market __ Ramzan and Dasara. Then there are wedding seasons of various communities. All this put together brings the market alive round the year. \"If we categorise the customers according to their purchasing power they could be slotted as A, B and C, with A standing at the top. The bulk of buyers come to this market from the B and C class. The number of A category buyers is less but crucial as each one of them spends huge amounts on their purchases. Most of the C category buyers use public transport while the B category also uses autorickshaws or their own vehicles. The shutting off of the bus service has drastically affected the C category buyers,\" he explains.For the shop owners on the stretch from Nayapul up to Charminar and farther there is another big cause for worry, the hawkers who flood the streets during Ramzan. While some hawkers have found a permanent foothold on the footpaths by paying a sum to shop owners in the vicinity, traffic cops, GHMC officials and even local politicians as 'protection money,' some others come up randomly on streets and at every nook available. During Ramzan, hawker menace increases ten-fold and proves to be a major problem for shop keepers. As the season moves towards its peak, they leave no space for even shoppers to move around. The traffic police, in a clear demonstration of lack of will to implement even the elementary rules, withdraw from the scene. And GHMC officials are nowhere to be seen. During the last few days of Ramzan, the place is a picture of complete chaos, a deterrent for A and B category shoppers.The CPP has to be revised taking local factors into consideration. The onus of reviving the most attractive market of the city lies on the shoulders of MIM which enjoys popular support in the walled quarters of the city. It would have to take into consideration the shop owners, other traders and hawkers and devise a plan to accommodate the interests of all and at the same restore and enhance the appeal of the market for residents, shoppers, tourists as well as commuters. Also, the MIM and the civil society should not allow the CPP to continue forever without following strict deadlines. The loss of Pathargatti market would mean a great loss for Hyderabad. If the MIM does not realise the economics and societal relevance of this fact, it would have to bear the blame for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "14870287", "title": "Neiphiu Rio govt to probe nexus between rebels, liquor mafia", "text": "DIMAPUR: Chief minister Neiphiu Rio has not ruled out the alleged nexus between militant groups and the liquor syndicate operating in the state. He said the state government will thoroughly investigate into the matter to bring out the truth.Reacting to a report that the ministry of home affairs (MHA) had written to state chief secretary seeking details of the alleged nexus, the chief minister said it will conduct a detailed investigation into the matter and send reports to the MHA accordingly.\"The total prohibition on consumption of alcohol has led to bootlegging and smuggling of liquor and blackmarketeers are making a good business out of it. However, the government is trying to curb the illegal activities,\" he said.\"The state government will definitely reply to the query of the MHA. It is not only a concern for the home ministry but also for the state,\" he said. Rio added that the inputs given by the MHA also need to be investigated.He added that many smugglers have been caught smuggling liquor into the state and it is suspected that some organized agencies are giving them support. \"We have to thoroughly investigate the matter. The government will take appropriate action as this is against the law,\" he said.According to reports, the MHA has claimed that the syndicate in Nagaland was awarded a contract for supplying tax-free liquor to paramilitary forces, but some fictitious societies were propped up by the syndicate who allegedly financed underground groups, seeking protection for illegal liquor trade.The NSCN (IM) denied its involvement in the illegal liquor trade and vowed to impose 'total prohibition' in the state. Last week, NSCN(IM) seized large quantities of IMFL and banned drugs, which they destroyed in the presence of the public and NGOs. The outfit affirmed that it would leave no stone unturned to protect the Naga society from the ill-effects of alcoholism , which has been destroying the social fabric of the Naga society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14870484", "title": "Sagar Chopda, Anuradha Shrikhande emerge on top in Maharashtra State Senior Ranking Badminton tourney", "text": "AURANGABAD: Sagar Chopda and Anuradha Shrikhande emerged champion in the men's and women's singles respectively as the first Maharashtra State Senior Ranking Badminton tournament came to an end here on Friday evening.Chopda knew that his best chance to beat Shubankar Dey lies in finishing the match as early as possible. The Mumbai Suburban shuttler never allowed his opponent to dictate the terms to post a 21-19, 21-10 win in 48 minutes.The women's final was a one-sided affair. Sonal More's inability to match the pace with fitter and leaner Anuradha Shrikhande proved costly for the Mumbai Suburban player. Shrikhande kept the shuttle mostly on the backside of the court and did not allow More to come close to the net. She won 21-15 , 21-14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14870243", "title": "Dark shadow on Guwahati nightlife", "text": "GUWAHATI: The molestation of a young girl in the city on Monday on her way back home from a bar has raised a question mark over the safety of nightlife in the city.Several pubs and bars in the city are frequented by young people, including college and school students, but lack of adequate security on the city streets has led to incidents like that of Monday night, when a group of youths molested a girl in the Christianbasti area here. The incident has taken the city and, in fact, the entire country by shock and raised concern about the lack of security for women in the city, especially post dusk.Senior superintendent of police Apurba Jiban Baruah said the victim was around 20 years of age. The young girl, who was molested at Christianbasti on G S Road, at around 10pm on Monday, cried for help but there was no police patrol at that particular place despite the fact that G S Road is one of the busiest roads in the city.Some passersby who witnessed the incident called up the police and tried to save the girl from the youths' clutches.The incident has shaken up the police and the district administration, but the security of women in the only metropolis of the northeast remains a cause of concern.The Kamrup (metro) district administration and the state excise department directed bar owners on Friday to ensure order on their properties.\"Today (Friday), we have called an urgent meeting with bar owners. It was very unfortunate that a young girl was targeted on a city road. The administration has given a strict warning to bar owners to maintain peace and order in their campus or be ready to face the music,\" Kamrup (metro) deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri told TOI.He said that bars functioning after the permissible time limit will not be spared and the district administration has recently served a notice to a bar in Ganeshguri area of the city that was found open after 10pm.The state excise department has given permission to 127 hotels, bars and restaurants in the city to serve liquors. But after Monday's incident, the department will now ask bar owners to take liability for any kind of unruly situation in and around their establishments.\"We are very concerned about the laxity shown by bars owners. They will be asked to serve liquor only till a limit. It will be mandatory for bar owners to check the identity proof of the age of their guests,\" said Amarendra Nath, deputy superintendent of excise, Kamrup (metro).The incident has marred the spirit of partygoers in the city. The residents of Guwahati started enjoying nightlife in pubs and bars only over the last few years, with insurgency in the state being reduced significantly. \"The recent attack on a young girl by a mob of men has revealed that all is not well for party revelers here,\" said Chandrima Bhuyan, a college girl from the city.\"Though we have to down our shutters at 10 pm, we have to continue serving customers even after the permissible time as we cannot ask customers to leave the bar,\" said Kishore Das, who works in a bar on G S Road.Though the government has permits bars to remain open only till 10 pm, most of the pubs and nightclubs here operate till 11-12pm at night because of growing customers' demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11145163", "title": "Birla Mandir is Andhra's pride", "text": "If Andhra Pradesh prides itself on being the largest pilgrim tourism state in the world, then Hyderabad is a fitting capital, with its Birla Mandir and Mecca Masjid attracting devotees and tourists alike with their beauty and divinityWhen you have a mosque that has been around for over 400 years, it is hard to say something that hasn't already been said about it. But here's a little known fact about the historic Mecca Masjid. Sultan Mohammed Quli Qutub Shah, under whose reign the construction of the masjid began, had set out to build the grandest mosque ever. But the construction was only completed 77 years later, when the Aurangazeb led Moghal army captured Golconda.\"The Kingdom was under constant attacks from the Moghals, as a result the construction was always getting stalled as the city dwellers would abandon the city and run to the protection of the Golconda Fort. Also, the heavy indemnity that Moghals demanded meant the treasuries were under duress,\" says city historian Sajjad Shahid.Aurangazeb did not want to spend anymore money on the structure and ordered to complete the construction the way it was. So, when it did get completed finally in 1693, it did not really please the connoisseurs. Renowned Hyderabadi scholar of that time, Moinuddin Qadri Zor, famously remarked, \"This idiot (Aurangazeb) was so tasteless that it has spoilt the entire grandeur of the Mecca Masjid. It now looks like a man with a shergola (American style Long hat).\"\"If you notice carefully, you will see that the Mecca Masjid has very small minarets that are disproportionate to the size of the rest of the structure and spoil the grandeur of the rest of the structure,\" says Sajjad Shahid, adding, \"The Toli Masjid, located in Toli Chowki is regarded as the most beautiful mosque in the city\".The Toli Masjid was built by Musa Khan Mehezdar, chief contractor of Mecca Masjid, from the 'ek damdi' payment he received for his services. However, despite having to bear the brunt of all that history, it's the Mecca Masjid that truly stood the test of time and emerged as the Jama Masjid of the Kingdom. \"The new rulers, Nizams, wanted to establish the visual image of their right of succession and they started getting buried in the premises of the mosque,\" says Sajjad. There are four tombs of the Nizams and their family.Even today, the Mecca Masjid is easily the most important masjid of the city. One of the biggest mosques in the country, it is listed as a heritage building that attracts many tourists every day.There is an interesting legend about two slab seats located in the courtyard of the masjid. The common belief is that anyone who sits on one of these seats will certainly come back to Hyderabad! Unfortunately, one of the legendary seats was destroyed during the Mecca Masjid blasts in 2007. The mosque also houses sacred Islamic relics and also a hair strand of Prophet Mohammed.Theater personality Mohammed Ali Baig however, feels there is a lot left to be desired as far as the maintenance of the structure goes. \"The Jamma Masjid of Delhi, the central mosque of Lahore or the central mosque of Paris \u2014 all of which were constructed around the same time \u2014 are much better maintained. I think we are going overboard with the heritage bit and forgetting that it is primarily a place of worship and that a certain decorum needs to be maintained. Unfortunately, it's become more of a badly maintained tourist place these days. Not all tourists can be expected to be as reverential of the place. Smarter management of tourist trafiic is needed,\" he laments.Karthik.pasupulate@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14872355", "title": "Private miners recklessly felling trees", "text": "NAGPUR: Amid coal sector complaining of environment laws hampering country's energy security, private players allotted coal blocks are reportedly recklessly felling trees to clear the area for mining and not undertaking the mandatory afforestation to compensate the loss.Such cases came up during a meeting held by Ministry of Coal's Parliamentary Standing Committee on Environment at Western Coalfields Ltd (WCL) headquarters on Friday. Many members cited such instances by private coal block owners. This committee is headed by union minister of coal, with members of parliament from different mining areas being the members. The issue of private players was raised by representatives from Orissa, Chhattisgarh, West Bengal and Jharkhand. It was also pointed out that the private miners in these states had simply cleared the area of trees but there is no sign of any plantation in lieu of it, said a source. However, no such instance was found in Vidarbha where WCL operates.Sources said there was also hints of involvement of NGOs in the racket. PSUs get the plantations done through state forest development corporations. However private companies employ NGOs. In the latter case, the plantation often happens only on paper, said the source. At the same time, coal PSUs have been asked to increase their quantum of compensatory afforestation to at least 3-4 times the number of trees felled for mining against double at present. A hike in the quantum of compensatory afforestation could lead to a larger area under green cover.The committee decided to seek PMO's help in allowing partial expansion of mines without environmental clearance. Apart from starting new projects, expanding existing ones also needed an approval from the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MOEF). Coal PSUs have been insisting that expansion of at least 25% from the existing capacity should be allowed without any approval. The proposal has already been submitted to the PMO and now the union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal will be again taking it up for early consideration.Given the falling coal output, it is necessary to have early approvals but expansion of some of the key mines is pending for want of a green signal from MOEF, said a source. The proposal to allow upto 25% of capacity expansion was mooted almost year ago with the PMO being intimated too. However it has not been considered yet. If approved, it may lead to a sizable increase in coal production, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14876544", "title": "Zoobreak: Clever chimpanzees get a taste of freedom", "text": "LONDON: Prison break with a difference! A great ape escape caused panic at a German zoo as five clever chimpanzees broke out of their compound, using a makeshift ladder made out of tree branches. After scaling the wall, the primates were able to walk among the 2,500 visitors to Hanover's Experience Zoo. While the chimps were content to taste life on the other side of the fence, a five year-old-girl and and an elderly man were hurt in the panic as staff hurriedly evacuated the park, the Daily Mail reported.A total of 27 seven police cars raced to the scene on Wednesday to help steer the animals, which are often aggressive, extremely strong and capable of killing a human in seconds. They were joined by zookeepers armed with pepper spray.\"At first it was quiet and then panic broke out,\" they said. A five-year-old girl hurt herself when she fell over at the sight of them but was not seriously injured. An elderly man also needed medical attention when he was locked in the tropical house in 100 degree heat as the chimps roamed outside.Four of the five chimps, seven in total live in the enclosure, tasted freedom and decided they didn't like it much. They wandered back to the enclosure on their own, but leader of the pack Maxi was enjoying himself on the outside. \"He took himself off to see the head gorilla,\" Simone Hagenmeyer, the zoo spokeswoman said.\"He was a bit harder to coax back. He's getting on a bit so we gave him a ladder to climb back into the enclosure,\" she added. An inquiry is now underway to determine what happened. The zoo could be faced with a huge bill for the fleet of police, ambulances and fire engines that raced to the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871639", "title": "Fraud alleged in colony road work", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Lokayukta on Friday ordered an inquiry into allegations of irregularities in development works done in unauthorized colonies before the 2008 assembly elections.The ombudsman had received a complaint alleging that a senior official of the urban development department tampered with a cabinet decision at the behest of, and in the interest of, the then urban development minister.Consequently, concrete roads costing many crores of rupees were laid in unauthorized colonies. Taking note of the serious allegations, Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin on Friday directed the registration of a case of inquiry and issued a notice to the principal secretary of the urban development department to produce all relevant records by July 24.The notice states: \"The informant has furnished credible information about large-scale irregularities committed by the department of urban development, unauthorized colonies cell...at the behest of and in political support of the then minister of urban development...The informant claims that cabinet decision number 1311 dated November 20, 2007, regarding concreting of roads in unauthorized colonies, was unauthorizedly and illegally altered and tampered with through an office order dated April 25, 2008, issued by the then joint secretary of the unauthorized colonies cell of the UD department. The cabinet (in 2007)...decided that as far as possible cement concreting of roads in unauthorized colonies be done where water lines or sewer lines or any other services have already been laid.\"The complainant has alleged that the condition about roads where sewer and water lines \"have already been laid\" was replaced with \"are to be laid\", changing the substance of the decision. The notice makes note of the complainant's view that the unauthorized acts were done to obtain unfair political advantage in view of the assembly elections in 2008.The complainant submitted that the then joint secretary was working in DSIIDC and looking after the construction work of unauthorized colonies as executive director. The officer was recently dismissed for his acts of omission and commission while serving in DDA on deputation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872894", "title": "Water sports leave citizens irate", "text": "BANGALORE: An MLA's six-day initiative to start jet skis in Sankey Tank hasn't gone down too well with residents. They are worried that such water sports will affect aquatic life. Ducks and glass fish in the tank are struggling to survive. And this is the scene just three days after the motor boat facility was introduced. Not surprisingly, walkers and greens are upset.Motor boat games that increases the speed-making buzz on the plain waterhave forced ducks to rush towards the tank bund for survival, residents said. \"This is not the right space for jet skiing. It's not the sea; it's a small tank. Why should they threaten ducks for fun?\" asked HR Seetharam (68), a regular walker at Sankey Tank. Seetharam, who retired as an electrical engineer, said motor boats might leave traces of fuel on the water body.Meenakshi Bharat, civic activist and member of Malleswaram Swambhimana initiative, said the move is unacceptable. \"If they want to enjoy the ambience, then paddle boats are sufficient. Why affect the water body by affecting the aquatic life?.\" she said.General Thimayya National Academy of Adventure trainers, who started the water sport under Bangalore Adventure Awareness Programmes, said the response to jet skiing and banana boat rides has been good.\"On July 10 (first day), we got 50 persons for motor boat rides. From the second day onwards, we are getting at least 100 persons for skiing. It creates awareness. It's true that ducks come in the way sometimes. But we haven't harmed them. Many came to us are raising concerns about ducks,\" admitted Prabhakar Kondajji, a trainer with the academy. It costs Rs 250 per person for jet skiing and Rs 125 for banana boat ride.So far, such adventurous were not taken up by the academy in any lakes of Bangalore so far in lakes maintained by BBMP. Only peddle boating was tried in some of the lakes including in Ulsoor lake.The BBMP official in charge of the lake said he is not aware of dangers faced by animals in the tank. \"I haven't seen how motor boats are being operated and whether they have affected aquatic life or not. If residents and walkers have any issues with the sports, they must write to us and we will stop the activities immediately. This was an initiative taken as per directives of elected local representatives,\" said Shivaprasad Reddy, superintendent, horticulture wing of BBMP.Malleswaram MLA CN Ashwath Narayan said the move is to encourage youths to take part in adventurous sports. \"I know Sankey Tank is not an ocean, it's just a tank. Everything will have its own positive and negative impact.There will be an impact on aquatic life, but precautions have been taken,\" he said.Expert speakIt's not just the ducks who get affected. Sankey tank is known for the rare variety of glass fish, which is seen in no other lakes in the city. Sankey tank is a site of research. When government had plans to start it in 1994 at Lalbagh Lake, I was asked to give a study report. I had clearly said no such commercial activities that could affect the aquatic life should be taken up. This must be stopped. What rights does the government have in not allowing such activities elsewhere? Government is profiteering in this process and that's not acceptable.Dr MB Krishna, Ornithologist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14875385", "title": "More houses for ministers, officers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh will make land available for construction of more government houses for senior officers and ministers of Punjab and Haryana. An assurance in this regard was given by UT administrator Shivraj Patil at 26th meeting of Northern Zonal Council, chaired by Union home minister P Chidambaram, on Friday.\"From time to time, the administration receives requests for allotment of land from various organizations and departments. As the land available with Chandigarh is limited, it has to be allocated judiciously,\" he said.Additional houses for the lower functionaries of both the states might be provided in the satellite towns of Panchkula and Mohali. \"Chandigarh is the first planned city of the country and is known internationally for its architecture and urban planning. Being the seat of three governments of Punjab, Haryana and UT, the city is under increasing pressure due to population growth and various developmental requirements,\" Patil said. \"The UT also provides for the infrastructure requirement of the high court of Punjab and Haryana. Besides, some central government departments, PSUs, military and para-military organizations have their presence here whose interests too have to be taken care of,\" he added.Chandigarh's key concern over shortfall of 29MGD of water echoed in the meeting of the Northern Zonal Council on Friday.\"Punjab and Haryana governments have been requested to give their consent for drawing additional 40MGD of raw water from Bhakra Main Canal at Kajauli. The scheme has been held for the time being,\" pointed out UT administrator Shivraj Patil.At present, Chandigarh is drawing 80MGD water from Bhakra main line flowing at a distance of 27.5km from Chandigarh at Kajauli. This water is being used partly for Mohali, Panchkula and Chandimandir cantonment. Chandigarh is utilizing 67MGD of water and another 20MGD is available from tubewells resulting in a total availability of 87MGD of water in city. The present requirement of Chandigarh is about 116MGD and as on date there is a shortfall of 29MGD.A proposal for augmentation of water supply (phases V &amp; VI of Kajauli) was mooted by the administration. The project was approved by the Centre under JNNURM for 171 crore with the condition that funds for the project would be released after consent for release of water from Bhakra main canal (BML) is obtained from Punjab and Haryana.To resolve the said issue, meetings at the level of chief secretaries Punjab &amp; Haryana and UT adviser have been held. \"I would request both the states of Haryana and Punjab to give their consent for the drawl of water. Also, the modalities being worked out for implementation of the project should be finalized by the senior officers of the state governments and Union Territory administration on priority,\" said Patil.UT being the capital of the two states deserves a share of water in Bhakra main canal to meet the drinking water needs of the city. UT officials have been asked to expedite the laying of the pipeline on priority required for making a part of the water available to Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14873054", "title": "Monsoon shadow over veggie prices", "text": "COIMBATORE: The spectre of a failed monsoon has cast a shadow on vegetable prices. Prices of veggies as well as rice, pulses and millets have started to rise steeply. With showers far and few, horticultural operations have come to a standstill across southern India. Traders in the city attribute the price rise to low production and falling supplies from the regions that produce vegetables and pulses.Coimbatore receives its bulk of rice and vegetables from Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. However, rice supply of rice from Andhra Pradesh has almost stopped due to poor production and stock shortage. The situation is no less different in Karnataka. It's the lack of rain that's fuelling the price rise, says S Krishnamurthi, a wholesale trader near Town Hall.In the case of rice, especially local favourites including BT Rice, Sona Masuri and IR20, prices have gone up at least by Rs 5. Sales, including to Kerala markets, have slowed down since prices started moving north, says a trader. Earlier, twenty 75-kg bags of rice used to be sold in two days, now it has reduced to almost half, he adds. M Rafi, another wholesaler in the city, says load has come from Puducherry and Kangeyam and hence there is no shortage yet in the city. However, he warns that if there is a rice shortage in other states and supplies dry up, the stock would be finished, forcing prices to rise.The price hike is felt more in the case of vegetables with fewer trucks coming in from Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Prices in the wholesale and retail markets have increased almost by 30% to 40% over a month. The bulk vegetables sold in the Coimbatore market comes from the city suburbs, Ooty and neighbouring states like Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.M Selvam, proprietor, Sai Baba Vegetable Shop, at Anna Market in Coimbatore, talks about a shortfall in supply, which has fuelled a price rise. In turn, demand from Kerala has started to fall due to the price rise, he adds. Selvam says lack of rain in the past two months has severely curtailed cultivation.Beans now costs Rs 60 per kg in the wholesale market compared to Rs 24 last month, and is being retailed at Rs 62. Beans comes from Karnataka and Ooty to Coimbatore and then is transported to different parts of the district as well as to Kerala. Wholesale price of carrot has moved up from Rs 15 for a kg last month to Rs 40 now and cabbages cost Rs 34 (per kg) compared to Rs 12 last month. Exceptions to the trend are garlic and onion: garlic prices have fallen steeply from Rs 400 per kg to Rs 40 and onions at Rs 10 per kg, is cheaper by Rs 2 compared to last month.Selvam, however, is confident that the prices will fall in the coming days.Residents, of course, are not amused as the untimely hike is wreaking havoc with domestic budgets. \"Since we don't want to compromise our diet, the quantity of purchase continues to be the same. However, the expenses have increased sharply,\" says R Krishnan, a resident of Ondipudur. Radha, a resident of Chungam, who was shopping at a department store, says that Rs 250 was enough to buy vegetables for a week, but now the same vegetables cost Rs 500 or more.They all hope that the government steps in control the prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14870153", "title": "Tension over Rumi issue dies down", "text": "SILCHAR: The furore over Congress MLA Rumi Nath's second marriage with Facebook friend Jakir Hussain alias Jacky without divorcing her first husband and her conversion to Islam, which led to the MLA being attacked last month in a Karimganj hotel, is slowly settling down. However, she is yet to return to Barak Valley.A mob of more than 100 people had barged into a hotel in Karimganj town on June 29 night and attacked the couple, critically injuring them.The mob attack subsequently led to communal tension and the people of Barak Valley were sharply divided over the issue. Now, the issue of Rumi's marriage and the brutal attack on her has completely turned political.A senior police officer said on Friday that the administration has asked Nath, an MLA of Borkhola constituency, not to visit Barak Valley until the situation is absolutely normal.However, it's seemed that Nath is not ready to bow down under any circumstances. \"I will come again and have a meal at the hotel in Karimganj where I and my husband were attacked by the mob. I have my responsibilities as an MLA towards my people in Borkhola constituency. Last month, I went to Karimganj to take stock of flood situation there. But a section of irate people attacked me. I'm not scared of them and will not bow down to pressure,\" she said.A team of Congress functionaries on Friday left Silchar for Guwahati to meet chief minister Tarun Gogoi to urge him to take disciplinary action against Nath for \"hurting the sentiments of the people of the locality and creating a situation of chaos in the society.\"\"However, expulsion of Rumi Nath from the party or the legislative assembly will not solve the problem. Neither will stopping her from coming to her hometown Silchar. Therefore, a permanent solution is to neutralize the communal forces and not curb Rumi's movement or take action against her,\" said a senior Congress leader on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14891499", "title": "Mariah Carey lists 'wedding house' for sale", "text": "Mariah Carey is selling off her sun-kissed mansion in the Bahamas, where the singer married her husband Nick Cannon .The palatial villa on the island has been priced at 3.4 million pounds, the Daily Express reported.The couple, who got married in 2008 after a whirlwind six-week romance in 2008, is currently residing in a mansion for the summer in New York's Hamptons.The lavish property is rumoured to be costing the duo around 93,750 pounds per-month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14871151", "title": "Fashion exhibition a hit with Ranchi people", "text": "RANCHI: A two-day fashion exhibition 'Zorica' seemed to be an instant hit with denizens here. By Friday, the concluding day of the fair, almost all items on display were sold out.Ahmedabad NIFT graduate Akanksha Gambhir, who organized the exhibition, tried to play around with the upcoming fashion trends of European and American countries in the show. \"I tried to bring street fashion of Western countries to Ranchi and people here seemed to like it. About 70% of my fare was sold out on the first day itself,\" said a visibly excited Akanksha. \"I have many fashion designer friends in Europe and America who sent me designs of the forthcoming seasons. I have also handpicked items from Delhi and Gurgaon to match the designs,\" she added.Garments fashioned out of 'sheer' fabric seemed to be a favourite with people at the exhibition. From see-through T-shirts to chiffon shirts, people seemed to prefer light and comfortable fare. \"I bought a chiffon shirt which I will pair with a tank top. I also bought a funky handbag to go with it,\" chirped Priyanka, a shopper. Shimmer, bling and floral designs were other prominent picks at the exhibition.An interesting feature of the exhibition was photographs and sketches displayed at stalls to help buyers understand the look and feel of the garments. \"The photographs were a big help in deciding how to pair accessories with clothes and look more glamorous,\" smiled Hrudaya, another shopper.The price of clothes ranged from Rs 500 to Rs 1,500, while accessories were priced between Rs 299 and Rs 1,100. Hand bags and clutches were the steepest of them all, costing up to Rs 3,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14873894", "title": "Mauvin lauds Manohar Parrikar government", "text": "PANAJI: Dabolim MLA and former spokesperson of the Congress party Mauvin Godinho heaped praises on the BJP government saying that the chief minister Manohar Parrikar was doing a good job having taken several pro-people decisions. He also said that the government has brought discipline in the administration.Participating in the discussion on the motion of thanks to the governor's address, Godinho said the Congress government had many shortcomings and hence the people voted BJP to power. He went to the extent of saying that a large number of jobs \"like 500 each\" were cornered for one or two constituencies leaving the rest of the Goan youth in the lurch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14873955", "title": "Give half salary to ex-mom-in-law: HC", "text": "JODHPUR: The high court, while disposing of a petition on Friday, ordered a woman to give half of her salary to her former mother-in-law. The court has also ordered her to pay a consolidated sum of Rs 50,000 as immediate relief to her mother-in-law.Petitioner Bhanwar Kanwar had filed a petition in the court that her son, who was employed with the CRPF, had died in October 1995. His wife Tej Kanwar got her husband's job after his death on compassionate grounds. But later on Tej remarried.In her petition, Bhanwar pleaded that since she has no source of income and her daughter-in-law had left her, half of her salary should be given to her for the rest of her life.Hearing the arguments, Justice Govind Mathur ordered Tej Kanwar to pay half of her salary to Bhanwar Kanwar on the 10th of every month and also ordered to pay a consolidated sum of Rs 50,000 to Bhnawar Kanwar as immediate relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14872070", "title": "Earthquake mock drill to be held in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A mock drill to check earthquake preparedness in the city will be conducted under the disaster management plan of the district administration on July 20. The district administration held a meeting with all the departments concerned to discuss plans for the mock drill.A meeting will be held on July 19, where all the participating departments, school/college managements and NGOs will be elaborately explained their responsibilities.The mock drill will commence at 11.30am on July 20, when a siren will go off to alert them of an 'earthquake'. Participants will be told how to respond to such a situation - to run out of their homes, come out in open grounds, or stop vehicular movement. The armed forces will also be involved in the mock drill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14870313", "title": "Miffed CSI seeks IOC intervention", "text": "BANGALORE: Many in the Indian sports fraternity reacted with outrage as Suresh Kalmadi got a court clearance on Friday for attending the London Olympic Games. Kalmadi submitted to the court that he would be at the Olympics as an International Association of Athletics Federation Council member. But the truth that Kalmadi would still be representing the country in IAAF meetings and the London Games was inescapable.It also brought into focus his assurance to Indian Olympic Association in February this year, apparently to escape suspension from the International Olympic Committee that he would remain on 'prolonged absence' from sport and its administration.The Union sports ministry spoke out against Kalmadi's sojourn, urging IOA not to facilitate the tainted administrator's visit on \"ethical grounds.\"Clean Sports India ( CSI ), which has been fighting for the cause of corruption-free sports, criticised Kalmadi and said it would seek IOC's intervention. CSI's Ashwini Nachappa said her organisation would convince IOC that Kalmadi cannot attend the quadrennial Games in any capacity. \"IOC is the parent body of all international federations. We would call upon them to convince IAAF to withdraw the invitation to Kalmadi,\" she said.Acting IOA chief VK Malhotra chose to steer clear of the controversy, saying his organisation was not involved in it. Later in the evening, the ministry also requested IOA to desist from facilitating Kalmadi's visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14870921", "title": "Yashwant Sinha wants CBI probe into government land transfer", "text": "Hazaribag: BJP MP Yashwant Sinha has advised chief minister Arjun Munda to hand over the cases of alleged illegal sale of a government land located near deputy commissioner's residence to the CBI.In a letter to the chief minister on Friday, Sinha said 2.24 acres government land and plot no 886 was illegally settled by senior officials with the land mafia in March 2011. \"The plot located in Noora Mohalla here has been designated as 'gair majurwa khas' land which belongs to government and cannot be settled with private parties or persons,\" he said.Describing the allegation as serious, DC Manish Ranjan said the additional collector had been asked to conduct an inquiry and submit a report to him.But Sinha said he was not satisfied with the inquiry by an officer at the level of additional collector as several senior officials, including the former DC of Hazaribag, were involved in the scam.He further alleged that not only the particular plot but several other plots too had been sold through illegal transaction in collusion with the help top officials in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14878346", "title": "\u2018Disrupted\u2019 power to cost more", "text": "LUDHIANA: A proposed increase of about 10% in power tariff across the state has left the residents fuming as they are already bearing the brunt of scheduled and unscheduled power cuts.A senior official from Punjab State Power Corporation Limited ( PSPCL), demanding not to be named, said he is unaware of the exact hike, but can only disclose that the new tariff would be announced on Monday.Professor Balwinder Singh from SKS Nagar said, \"We would have no issues with the hike in power tariff only if the government ensures there wouldn't be any power cuts. No electricity puts life out of order in the city.\"\"Daily power cuts have continued despite several promises and announcements to make the situation better. The proposed increase in power tariff is not justified at all,\" said Model House resident and an advocate Harpreet Singh.The industry too, is unhappy with the proposed hike in power tariff.A member of national board of ministry of small and medium enterprises ( MSME) and the president of Federation of Punjab Small Industries Associations Badish Jindal said, \"The industry wouldn't mind the proposed 10% increase if the government withdraws the already enforced 20% cross subsidy we pay.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871148", "title": "'Safeguards must for drug trials'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Researchers involved in clinical trials for drug development called for strengthening of the regulatory mechanism in order to check inconsistencies in drug trials, which have also resulted in many deaths in the country over the past few years.According to the Indian Society for Clinical Research (ISCR), an association of clinical research professionals, about 1.5 % of the global clinical trials are happening in India presently. \"We need to strengthen the regulatory mechanism rather than criticizing the industry. The ethics committee and the drug Controller General of India should ensure that the patient enrolment for drug trial and the monitoring of their condition is honestly done,\" said Arun Bhatt, the executive committee member of ISCR.Dr Shamsher Dwivedee, senior consultant at VIMHANS and a clinical researcher said that drug trials are important for the development of new medicines. \"I have participated in more than 20 clinical trials for the use of botox therapy in neurophysical diseases, multiple sclerosis and general neurology. We enroll only educated patient and inform them about possible risks and benefits. Patients are not charged for the trial drugs,\" said Dwivedee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14870781", "title": "Ajab kahaani: Love child unites pati and patni against woh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A couple is fighting for the custody of a love child that the wife had with another man, in a rare family drama being played out in the Gujarat high court. And what's more, the husband's family too has joined the fight against the UK-based biological father for the five-year-old girl.Rajni Shah, 32, had entered into a live-in relationship with Hiren Patel in London, after she left Gujarat in 2005 on becoming estranged with her husband, Mitesh. They had a girl in 2007 and two years later, decided to separate, setting the stage for a tortuous legal battle.But once Shah returned to Gujarat with the baby, her husband wanted to reunite with her and her in-laws accepted her back too. And now, the in-laws do not want to be separated from the child.While Shah filed an application in a Valsad court for the child's custody, Patel approached a court in the UK. In March 2010, the UK court granted Shah custody of the daughter but allowed visitation rights to Patel.Patel then filed an application in the Gujarat high court in May 2010 seeking the child's custody. To everyone's surprise, Shah's in-laws joined the proceedings and told the court that they would not allow Patel to take away the child. In an affidavit filed before the court, the family said that it knew truth about the child, but had accepted her. The court was also informed that the family had performed all the rituals required to be undertaken when a child is born.The HC asked them to fight the case in the local court in Valsad. On August 2, 2011, the additional sessions judge at Valsad, M F Saiyed, ruled in favour of the mother and step-father, and the biological father got only visitation rights.On September 5, 2001, Patel approached the HC demanding custody and also seeking permission to start procedures to get a visa for the five-year-old. In May 2012, the family objected to the visa bid. During the proceedings, Shah feared that her former boyfriend might take away the child to the UK. Justice K S Jhaveri ordered that the girl would not be taken abroad, but at the same time permitted the father to undertake the procedure of obtaining visa for the daughter. The HC is yet to decide on the issue of custody. The matter is slated for a final hearing on July 23 before Justice J C Upadhyay.(Names have been changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870510", "title": "Rush to bag college seats on Day 1 of offline round", "text": "MUMBAI: The junior college admission fever is far from over: Students were making a beeline for colleges on Day 1 of the offline admission process, which commenced on Friday.The state education department has instructed colleges to admit only those students who were unable to get a seat during the online admission process. Still, hordes of students were seen rushing for a vacant seat in a college of their choice.The government directive was raised in the state legislative council on Friday. Raising a privilege motion, BJP member Ramnath Mote demanded that the government withdraw this condition and allow those who have bagged a seat during the online process to participate in the offline round as well. \"After three rounds of online admissions, about 57,000 seats remain vacant. During the online admissions, a number of students opted for colleges with lesser preference to secure admissions. They must now be permitted to take part in the next phase of admissions (offline) to bag a seat in a college of their choice,\" he said.\"It is good that the education department has instructed colleges to give admission only to those students who didn't get a seat during the online round, otherwise the admission procedure goes on forever and some students end up without seats,\" said Harsha Mehta, principal of SIES College, Sion. The college has less than 20 vacant seats.Jai Hind College in Churchgate collected close to 50 applications on Friday even though it had only one seat left to offer for the offline round.\"We collected forms as parents refused to leave our campus without submitting them. We will give admissions depending on cancellations, if any,\" said Ashok Wadia, in-charge principal of Jai Hind College.According to information submitted to the education department, KC College has four vacant seats in commerce stream and no vacant seats in arts stream. R A Podar College, which has no vacant seat, saw many students demanding application forms.\"The online admission portal shows that we still have seats left but that's because we are yet to update our admissions list. We have no vacant seats and had to send students back,\" said Shobhana Vasudevan, principal of the college.Jai Hind College in Churchgate collected close to 50 applications even though it had only one vacant seat. R A Podar College, which has no vacant seat, saw many students demanding forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14889686", "title": "Thaandavam is Siva Thandavam in Telugu", "text": "Vikram's upcoming film \"Thandavam\" is releasing in Andhra Pradesh as \"Siva Thandavam\". The movie, which stars Anushka SHetty, Jagapathi Babu, Amy Jackson and Lakshmi Rai, is expected to enthrall the audience shortly.The unit of Siva Thandavam has held a press conference yesterday (July 13) in Hyderabad to unveil the movie's logo in Telugu. AL Vijay is the director and GV Prakash Kumar is composing the music. UTV Motion Pictures is producing this movie in Tamil while C Kalyan's Teja Cinema will release the film in Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14877725", "title": "Engineer held for harassing colleague", "text": "HYDERABAD: A software engineer from Bangalore was arrested by CID sleuths on Friday on the charge of harassing his former colleague by uploading her morphed images on the internet.CID officials said M Naga Vamsi Krishna, 24, an employee of a Bangalore-based IT firm, started harassing the woman ever since she turned down his marriage proposal.Unable to bear the harassment, the victim, a software engineer, quit her job and joined another company.However, even that did not stop Vamsi. He too joined the same company and continued harassing her, CID Cyber Crimes superintendent U Ramamohan said. The accused bore a grudge against the victim and hacked her email.He also created a few email IDs in her name and started sending obscene mails and morphed images of the victim to her relatives and friends. Since he knew her well, Vamsi managed to crack her security code and hack her email ID, sources said.Vamsi, a Kurnool native, was arrested from there on Friday. A laptop, one internet data card and a cellphone used for committing the offence were seized from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14870599", "title": "Rights panel moved against corporal punishment", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Parents of a Class VII student, who allegedly underwent corporal punishment in a private school in Chandrasekharpur recently, moved the state human rights commission on Friday, seeking action against the accused teacher.Navjit Pahadsingh is still undergoing treatment in a private hospital since he was allegedly beaten up by a lady teacher on July 10.His father Narottam Pahadsingh had lodged a complaint at Chandrasekharpur police station the same evening. Police had registered case against the errant teacher.\"Police sat silent after registering the case. The teacher is yet to be arrested. Suspecting that police is trying to hush up the case, I knocked on the door of the human rights commission,\" Narottam said.General secretary of Chandrasekharpur DAVian Parents' Association, Mahendra Parida, demanded stringent action against the school management.\"The school should bear the expenses of the student's treatment. Though he is still under medication in the hospital, none of the school staff has even bothered to pay him a courtesy visit,\" Parida said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14873456", "title": "Panel to look into servicemen\u2019s pay grouses", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has constituted a new high-level committee headed by the cabinet secretary to look into the long-standing pay and pension grievances of serving and retired military soldiers and submit a final report by August 8.Angry ex-servicemen have been holding regular rallies, and returning their medals as a mark of protest, for the last four years over their long-standing demand for one-rank, one-pension (OROP), which has never been implemented despite several promises by virtually all political parties over the years.Ex-servicemen have threatened to launch a nationwide protest movement if the government does not accept OROP by August 15. The persistent feeling among even serving military officers and jawans is that they got a raw deal in the 6th Pay Commission as compared to their civilian counterparts. \"Our salaries certainly got better but, as has been happening over the years, we were again systematically downgraded in comparison to civilian and paramilitary officials in the 6th Pay Commission,'' said an Army officer.The government has reason to be worried since the defence community of 14 lakh serving and 23 lakh retired military personnel swells into a sizable - albeit diffused \u2014 votebank of around 1.5 crore, if family members are also taken into account.With the protests showing no signs of abating, a rattled government on Friday announced that cabinet secretary Ajit Kumar Seth will chair the new panel, which will include principal secretary to the PM Pulok Chatterji and defence secretary Shashikant Sharma as well as secretaries from the departments of expenditure, personnel and training and ex-servicemen's welfare.For serving military personnel, the committee will examine a common pay scale for in-service junior commissioned officers/other ranks; initial pay-fixation of Lt-Colonel/Colonel/Brigadiers and their equivalents; review grade pay; placing all Lt-Generals in HAG+ (higher administrative grade-plus) scale; and grant of non-functional upgrade to armed forces personnel.For ex-servicemen, the committee will examine OROP, enhancement of family pension, dual family pension and family pension to mentally/physically challenged children of military personnel.The UPA government has revised ex-servicemen pensions in recent years but they are still nowhere near reaching the OROP principle. The defence ministry, in the past, has contended full OROP is neither financially nor administratively possible. Full OROP implementation, for instance, could mean an annual outgo of another Rs 1,200c crore-1,300 crore, apart from payment of arrears in the range of Rs 4,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14876832", "title": "Ishrat Jahan encounter case: HC steps in to ensure Satish Verma joins CBI investigation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Senior IPS officer Satish Verma is back to probe Ishrat Jahan encounter case, a situation the Gujarat government tried hard to avoid. Following demand from CBI to allow Verma to be part of the probe team, the Gujarat high court on Friday directed the state government to spare the cop's services for four months so that he can help the central agency with its investigations.Despite standing orders from the HC, the government did not take any decision for over a month on the CBI's request to spare the services of Verma, who was a member of the Special Investigation Team probing the case. A bench of justices Jayant Patel and Abhilasha Kumari on Friday ordered that Verma would join the CBI probe in the encounter from Monday for four months or till the time investigation gets over, whichever is earlier.In case the probe gets extended, the CBI may move the court to seek further service of the 1986-batch IPS officer, who was a more aggressive investigator than his teammates in this case. At one stage, fearing Verma's aggression, 13 suspected cops moved the high court and demanded a CBI investigation, so that Verma would not investigate the case. But now, the state faces double trouble, as it has been consistently reluctant for the probe conducted by Verma as well as the CBI in this 2004 encounter case. Mumbra girl Jahan was killed on June 15, 2004, on the outskirts of Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871959", "title": "Army\u2019s demand for attack choppers triggers fresh turf war with IAF", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General Bikram Singh has launched an aggressive campaign among the top echelons of the government demanding that the Army be allowed to have its own attack helicopters. The move has triggered a fresh round of stand-off between the Army and the Indian Air Force (IAF), while many sources in the security establishment are appalled by the persistent turf wars among the three services and their failure to integrate themselves for modern warfare.Gen Singh made the pitch for the Army to have its own attack helicopters during a meeting with defence minister AK Antony last week. The Army chief is also believed to have reiterated the demand in a meeting with national security advisor (NSA) Shivshankar Menon. Sources said a reluctant IAF chief may also have been called into the meeting by the NSA.Gen Singh's forceful campaign has surprised many in the security establishment since the issue is under examination by a high-power committee. More importantly, at a time when defence forces around the world are working towards integration into a seamless unit for fighting modern warfare, the turf battle is symbolic of the Indian reality \u2014 of each service protecting its turf, and fending off all integration efforts.The crux of the matter is the Army's desire to have a bigger aviation wing, including attack helicopters and medium lift choppers. Now, the Army is only authorized to operate helicopters that weigh less than 5 tonnes. Under the Joint Army Air Instruction of 1986, the Army is empowered to operate light utility helicopters for communication, directing artillery fire etc. All heavier helicopters, including attack choppers and fixed wing aircraft, are to be operated by the IAF. The Navy enjoys exemption because of its unique need for operating in maritime environs.The Army demanded helicopters heavier than 5 tonnes, including attack choppers for itself, in the Long Term Integrated Perspective Plan (LTIPP) for 2012-27 that it had submitted several months ago. Though LTIPP for the military was approved by the defence acquisition council, headed by Antony in April, the Army's demand for operating bigger helicopters was referred to a panel, headed by Vice Admiral S P S Cheema, deputy chief of the integrated defence staff (perspective planning and force development), and comprising representatives from various services. This committee's study has been underway, when Gen Singh made his aggressive pitch.The IAF is not amused and has strongly opposed the Army's demand, saying it would be wastage of resources. The IAF also believes that it could take up to three to four decades for the Army to inculcate an aviation culture for maintaining and flying heavier helicopters. IAF also points out that it has projected the total needs of both the Army and the Air Force in LTIPP, and does not discriminate between the two.Sources in the security establishment are appalled by the turf wars between the services. A senior official argued that the government needs to exercise its political leadership and ensure that the three services move quickly in adopting inter-operability and developing more unified concepts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14873668", "title": "One held for hitting bottle on man's head", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police on Friday arrested one Pascoal Fernandes, 45, from Panchwadi-Shiroda for assaulting a youth with soda bottle in a local bar on Thursday. However, two more assaulters are absconding, and the police have revealed that they have registered a case of attempt to murder against them.On late Thursday evening, accused Pascoal Fernandes, Pascoal Estibeiro and Caitan D'Costa, all residents of Panchwadi-Shiroda, assaulted Abel Fernandes, 30, also from the same village by hammering a soda bottle on his head.\"Fernandes sustained severe head injuries and has been admitted to Hospicio Hospital. He was operated and got three stitches. His condition is not dangerous,\" Ponda police said, quoting the doctors treating him.Manuel Fernandes , a brother of the victim, had lodged a complaint with the Ponda police and based on the it, cops registered offences against the trio under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 504 (abusing with filthy language) and 506-II (threatening) read with section 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14872618", "title": "7 years' jail for 3 accused of dowry death", "text": "CHENNAI: Almost six years after a housewife, Kalpana, committed suicide following persistent harassment over dowry, a mahila court has awarded seven year jail term to her husband and parents-in-law. Kalpana married M Shakthi in February 2006. At the time of the marriage, her parents gave 10 sovereigns of gold jewellery to the groom's family. After the marriage, she moved into a joint family at Rajamangalam near Villivakkam.A few weeks after their marriage, her in-laws and husband started demanding more gold as dowry and she was abused and ill-treated, as her parents could not fulfil their demands. Kalpana's parents, who visited their daughter's home to pay her traditional Aadi gifts were chided and humiliated because the gifts did not contain any gold.According to prosecution, Shakthi's parents - Muthuraj and Neela - told Kalpana that if she died, they would get their son married to another girl from a wealthy family. Following repeated harassment, Kalpana hanged herself on September 2, 2006. Finding Shakthi and his parents guilty, the mahila court judge, Meena Sathish, imposed seven year rigorous imprisonment to the accused, besides 10,000 fine each on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14871729", "title": "GPS-fitted trash vans vanish in cyber space", "text": "GURGAON: Weeks after the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) announced the installation of Global Positioning System (GPS) in all its 73 garbage-carrying vehicles, the link on the MCG website that tracked these vehicles stopped working on Friday. Officials, however, said that the problem might lie with the internet service provider.The online garbage tracking system that malfunctioned is yet another project that the MCG has failed to deliver.The MCG had made tall claims about bringing transparency and accountability in the system by using modern technology.\"This system is a farce since no one is there to keep an eye on whether the trash vans are following their route or maintaining their speed. Most of the time, the link is down and on occasions when it does seem to work, the exact location is not shown as there are several technical glitches. In fact, there is a fresh proposal to replace the present tracking system with a better one,\" said an MCG official.The MCG commissioner, on the other hand, says that the GPS system has proved to be beneficial.\"We can now know the exact movement of vehicles and if the system is ever tampered with, we can also impose a penalty on the wrongdoer,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, MCG commissioner.Sources, however, indicate that the residents are not gaining anything from the GPS system.\"Even though residents can also view the movement of trash vans on their computer, it is of no use to them as they do not know when the van will come to their house to pick up the garbage,\" said a source.\"The time at which the garbage would be picked up from the residents is not mentioned on the garbage bins. The timings need to be mentioned, as it will enable the residents to know whether the trash vans are on time and are following the route. Only then will the GPS system prove to be beneficial,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14873221", "title": "Sports Authority of Goa to 'grade' sports associations", "text": "PANAJI: The Sports Authority of Goa are deep in thought, finding the best possible criteria to grade sports associations in the state.Sports associations are having a field day at the moment with the SAG providing them with 100 percent grants to participate in the National championships.There are associations sprouting almost everyday, feeding off from the government's largesse, doing little or, sometimes, nothing, for the improvement of the sport. But all of this will be put to a stop as the SAG seeks to tighten screws and make the associations accountable.\"As of now we have a policy of giving 100 percent grants to all state associations. Whether it is a super-active association, or a dormant one, we do not differentiate, but this has to end. We want greater accountability,\" said SAG executive director Elvis Gomes.The SAG has more than 50 associations registered with them, and the number simply keeps rising. Among the newer associations are atta patya, korfball, scrabble, tug of war, cycle polo, cheerleading and tennis volleyball association. Chalkball and langdi are also expected to process their papers soon. But while there is no bar on associations seeking recognition -- provided they have the necessary affiliation to their respective national federation -- it is the equality in seeking and providing grants that has rubbed the \"quality\" associations the wrong way.\"I believe that there should not be 100 percent grants to everyone. The associations also must do something worthwhile. They must pool their resources together and, sometimes, partly fund their participation. There has to be a yardstick for grants,\" said Gomes.The SAG has a \"rough idea\" of how they intend to go about the task of classifying the 57-odd associations. But before they actually put pen to paper, they expect some resistance, particularly from politicians, many of whom head these associations.\"Almost every sporting association is headed by a politician. They will exert some influence and try to resist the move, especially if their own association is not doing too well. But we hope to make them see reason. It is a move that is for the betterment of Goan sport,\" said Gomes.Goa is among the few states in the country which provided 100 percent participation grants at the nationals, funds international participation, provides award-winning sportspersons with monetary support and also hands over grants to organize state championships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14879543", "title": "We are keeping tabs on memorial issue: Chidambaram", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the minister for information and broadcasting Ambika Soni , who belongs to Punjab, condemned the raising of a memorial to Operation Bluestar in the Golden Temple complex, as it would affect communal ties in the state, home minister P Chidambaram expressed the Centre's helplessness on the issue.He also said that terrorism has not been completely wiped out from the state. ''Punjab is by no means free of all terrorism-related activities. We are keeping a watch. We have inputs that some individuals and groups are busy trying to revive terrorism in Punjab. Nine arrests were made in 2011 and 47 in 2010. Besides 5kg of RDX was recovered from near Ambala and two activists of Babbar Khalsa International were arrested from Delhi,\" said Chidambaram.However, the home minister skirted the issue of the being built by the SGPC. ''There are two versions about the memorial. One is that it is in the memory of all those killed during the operation, including the innocent devotees inside the gurdwara and the militants waging war against the country. The second version is that it is just a gurdwara is coming up. As of now, we are not in a position to say which version is true,\" he said.Operation Bluestar was launched by the Army in 1984 to flush out holed-up Sikh militants led by Jarnail Singh Bhindrawale, who was killed along with his associates in the Golden Temple. However, condemning the SGPC move, Ambika Soni, said, ''No memorial should be allowed to be built in the premises of sacred Golden Temple, which will divide the people of the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14878675", "title": "Home ministry roots for anti-Maoist ops with precautions", "text": "NEW DELHI: After security forces were accused of killing civilians in an anti-Maoist operation at Sarkeguda in Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district, the Union home ministry seemed to have gone on the defensive. The ministry on Friday advised security forces to opt for \"tactical retreat\" if the Left extremists are found among civilians, said an official.During the day, operations have to be abandoned and forces should retreat if Maoists use civilians as human shield.At a review meeting at the ministry on Friday, officers handling anti-Maoist operations in nine naxal-hit states and their counterparts in central forces, including CRPF, BSF and ITBP, discussed framing a Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) to deal with Maoists using women and children as human shield.\"The main emphasis of the SOP is how to check the Maoists tactic of using human shield and minimize collateral damage during operation,\" said an official.If there are strong intelligence inputs about presence of Maoists in a village, the forces will cordon off the area at night and wait for the first light before launching an offensive.The ministry asked all affected states and forces fighting Maoists to send in their suggestions before drafting the SOP.Security forces have been asked to carry enough night vision devices while conducting operations at night. There should be adequate arrangements to illuminate the area to figure out if Maoists are taking civilians along.The ministry also threatened Maoist-hit states that the reimbursement of security-related expenditure (SRA) incurred by them will be slashed if \"officers of right rank are not posted in the right places\", said an official. The Centre also urged the states to review vacancy in police, recruit fresh personnel and post younger officers in Maoist strongholds.Newly-inducted troops in these states would be sensitized and given special training to avoid collateral damage. Those already deployed will be imparted refresher course and sensitized about local conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "14878673", "title": "Kosi water discharge level dips at Birpur", "text": "PURNIA: Kosi engineers and civil authorities got a breather as turbulent Kosi river's discharge level, which having peaked to the season's highest at 1,88,230 cusec in the downstream at Birpur (Supaul) barrage in the evening on Thursday, and 1,32,500 cusec at 1 pm at Barahkhestra in Nepal, was showing downwards trend on Friday.The water discharge level was 1,14,800 cusec and 1,07,800 cusec at Birpur and Barahkhestra respectively at 10am on Friday, to the great relief of those in-charge of protecting the eastern and western embankment. The water discharge trends point towards a down-swing on Friday, according to senior engineers. The sudden upsurge in the water discharge level on Thursday created a huge flutter sending shivers down the spine of engineers and civil authorities at Birpur and Supaul.Kosi superintending engineer (SE) M P Thakur, however, said that round the clock patrolling on the embankment is continuing and the engineers and others are on their toes. \"We are fully geared up to meet any eventuality, with boulders, sand bags etc. sufficiently stockpiled alongside the embankments. We also have enough generator sets for the emergency light in the event of a crisis,\" the SE told TOI on Friday.As the quirky and unpredictable Kosi waters made a quantum jump on Thursday, many villages came within its annual sweep.The spill-over of water submerged low lying areas in many villages of Baltharwa, Kataiya, Baneniya, Ithari, Sanpataha , Gauripatti , Laukaha, Takiya and Ugripatti, causing concern to the villagers, who have learnt to live with such annual ordeal.Supaul additional district magistrate (ADM) and in-charge disaster management, Ram Bilas Chowdhury, however, said they are yet to get any report about some villages getting flooded. The BDOs and COs have been asked to send their report on the situation immediately, the ADM said. Meanwhile, though the water level of Kosi has gone up, the erosion threat to the rail track at 15/6.8 km near Fango halt on Saharsa-Mansi rail section in East Central Railway (ECR ) has been bridled to an extent, rail engineers claimed on Friday. The rail engineers are still carrying out mammoth anti-erosion work to protect the rail track. If the rail track is damaged, Kosi division with a population of over 50 lakhs will be cut off from the rest of Bihar. Round the clock work on boulder crating is still in progress, and host of rail engineers and workforces are camping at the vulnerable site, rail engineers said.Samastipur senior divisional engineer (ECR) R R Singh said on Friday that there is no let-up in the anti-erosion operation. The anti-erosion activities were taken up four days back. Even as the erosion threat looms large, train services on Saharsa-Mansi section of ECR have not been affected till date, according to Saharsa station superintendent (SS) R N Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14896468", "title": "iPhone 5 coming on August 7?", "text": "Apple's next-generation iPhone popularly being referred to as iPhone 5 is launching on August 7, claims a blog on Know Your Mobile website. The website makes this claim citing \"a reliable industry source\" who, it says, has stated that the Cupertino-based tech giant will launch the device during a keynote speech.Earlier, the same website had reported that the launch date of iPhone 5 has been pushed ahead to August in order to compete better against Samsung Galaxy S III .There have been many rumours and leaks about the device. The latest post by Know Your Mobile has pegged the launch date for the much anticipated smartphone at least 3 months ahead of the day when iPhone 4S was unveiled.Moreover, this launch date will be ahead of the scheduled roll out of iOS 6, which is said to be launched this September. It is anticipated that the upcoming iPhone will be shipped with the latest version of Apple's operating system.Image courtesy Though the website's source did not mention any specifications of the device, speculations are rife that the new iteration of the iPhone will feature a host of modifications. These include larger screen size, quad core processor, NFC capabilities, Liquidmetal design and repositioned headphone jack, among others.Recently, two websites released leaked photos of the still-in-production iPhone with a larger touchscreen and modifications consistent with the rumours, such as relocated headphone jack and larger speaker and microphone grills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14877718", "title": "Two biggies behind JD call data leak: CID", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CID that is investigating the call data leak case informed the high court on Friday that two persons, a deputy director general of the telecom department currently working in Nagpur, Maharashtra and MD of Hyderabad-based MIC Electronics Ltd, helped the accused in the case to obtain and make public the data pertaining to the telephone calls made and received by CBI joint director VV Lakshminarayana.An affidavit to this effect was filed by the CID in court while opposing a petition of K Raghu Rama Krishna Raju, an accused in the criminal case. Raju had urged the court to quash the FIR against him claiming that he had no role to play in the call data leak case.According to the CID, Raju first approached his friend M V Ramana Rao, the MD of MIC Electronics at ECIL in Kushaiguda and sought his help in obtaining the call data of Lakshminarayana and two other SPs of the CBI. Ramana Rao then contacted his friend K Hanumantha Rao, the DDG of Nagpur telecom who is with the Telecom Enforcement, Resource and Monitoring (TERM) wing there. They obtained the details in a fraudulent manner with an ulterior motive to drag into controversy the public servants who are probing into certain serious white collar offences, the CID affidavit signed by its SP, D Ramakrishnaiah, said.Justice K C Bhanu dismissed Raju's plea saying the court would not interfere at the stage of investigation. \"There are alternative remedies available to you under the provisions of CrPC,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14871220", "title": "Bizarre poll effect? Students cheat in board exams, escape penalty", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Student who is caught copying in the SSC or HSC board examination is punished as per rule. If use of unfair means is proven, a student is declared to have failed in the subject whose paper he is caught copying in. If the cheating is of serious nature, he is debarred from appearing in the board exams for a year or two. However, if the students are caught copying in Jamkandorna, they are spared the rod and allowed to appear for the supplementary exams. This to ensure that no injustice is done to them!The blatant partisan attitude with which the HSC (general) stream students of Jamkandorna, who were proven to have mass copied by the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) itself, have been spared any scrutiny and punishment has raised the hackles of academicians. The experts feel that same rules and regulations should apply to all students caught copying.\"There is immense political pressure on the board to allow the students to appear for the supplementary exams and not punish them. It is probably one of the few cases where local leaders of both BJP and Congress jointly represented the case in favor of the students\", said a board member. \"Such pressure is expected especially with elections round the corner but board and education department should have set an example by serving some punishment to the students.\"It needs mention that Jamkandorna mass copying scam was the biggest copying case unearthed this year wherein 250-odd students were reported to have written uncannily similar answers and scored between 90 and 100 marks.After detailed investigation, mass copying was proved and result of all 2,186 students who wrote exams from Jamkandorna centre near Rajkot was held back. Later instead of penalizing the students and teachers involved in the case, the students were allowed to appear for supplementary exam of statistics paper beginning from Thursday.\"Ideally, the board should have checked all the other papers as well,\" said another board member. Board chairman R R Varsani said that he cannot comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14879324", "title": "HDFC Bank net rises 31% to Rs 1,417cr", "text": "MUMBAI: The country's most valuable private lender, HDFC Bank , has reported a net profit of Rs 1,417 crore for the quarter ended June 30-an increase of 30.6% over the net profit of Rs 1,085 crore in the corresponding quarter last year.The growth in profits was driven by a surge in lending to corporates even as its traditional mainstay of retail lending continued to remain strong. An increase in fee income and forex earnings more than offset higher provisions. Analysts said that the profits were in line with expectations and the underlying business numbers behind the profits were better than expected.Addressing shareholders at the bank's annual general meeting on Friday, Aditya Puri , MD &amp; CEO, HDFC Bank, said that the bank's loans would continue to grow faster than industry and it would maintain its net interest margin in the rage of 4%. The bank's total balance sheet size increased by 25.9% from Rs 285,942 crores as of June 30, 2011, to Rs 360,001 crore as of June 30, 2012. Total net advances as of June 30, 2012, were Rs 213,338 crore, an increase of 21.5% over June 30, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870589", "title": "Rahul is magnet of the youth: Moily", "text": "NAGPUR: Three days after one of his colleagues questioned Rahul Gandhi's contribution to the party and said the Congress was becoming directionless, veteran Congressman and Union corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily jumped to the rescue of the youth leader.\"Rahul Gandhi is doing a fine job. He is the magnet of the youth in the country. Some partymen may have different views on his taking over the reins of the party at the earliest. But Rahul as well as Sonia Gandhi have always made it clear that strengthening the party is their prime agenda. Soniaji had three chances to become PM but she declined them. Similarly for Rahul getting to power is not the ultimate aim of politics,\" Moily stressed.Contradicting Union law and judiciary minister Salman Khurshied who said Rahul was doing little beyond a cameo role and the party was becoming directionless while waiting for the leader to play a major part or carrying forward the work he initiated in democratizing the party's youth wing, Moil said the Congress was doing fine and Rahul would take up the responsibilities at the right time.Former chief minister of Karnataka, Moily saw everything wrong in the way the BJP was functioning in that southern state. \"The latest episode of change of leadership has sent two clear signals that the BJP feels it not answerable to anyone and will continue to perpetrate reign of corruption and opportunism. This is because it was not the BJP central leadership that effected the change. It was driven by a discredited BS Yedurappa who wanted Jagdish Shettar installed as CM replacing a less pliable Sadanand Gowda. It also talks volumes of castiest politics in the BJP,\" said Moily who is confident that the BJP would be thrown out in the state elections next year.Moily refused to comment on Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal's stand on de-reserving coal blocks allotted to private companies. \"It's a policy matter and I have nothing to say,\" he said. The corporate affairs minister was also mum on the Belgaum dispute and complaints of money laundering against state minister Sunil Tatkare filed by the BJP leader Kirit Somayya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872724", "title": "Young woman foils chain-snatch bid", "text": "BANGALORE: Anusha, a 22-year-old call centre employee, screamed for help on Friday when a youth tried to snatch her chain around 6am Friday. Luckily, for her, Murali, a passerby, rushed to her aid and helped her catch the culprit.Anusha, a resident of Srinagar in south Bangalore, was walking from home to her office on RV Road. She left her home around 5.30am and reached SP Road where it meets RV Road Junction when a youth, walking behind her, tried to snatch her 10-gm chain.As he tried to snatch the chain, she held on it to for dear life and shouted for help. Murali rushed to her help and overpowered the youth. He and a few other passersby took the culprit J Peter Raju, 23, a resident of SP Road in VV Puram, to the police.\"After conducting a preliminary investigation, we took him into custody. We haven't received any information about his involvement in any other crime. He was produced in court,\" said a police officer.Assistant commissioner of police (Chamarajpet sub-division) MS Hussein said Peter was a first-time offender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14876673", "title": "Eight hurt as school bus rams hutments", "text": "INDORE: Eight persons were injured when a school bus lost its balance and rammed three roadside hutments in Sanyogitaganj area on Friday morning.The injured have been identified as Ramu Bhagodia and his family members including Manu Bai, daughter Mamta, son Om, daughter in law Kanchan and a six months old girl Isha.Apart from them, Suraj Sisodia and the bus driver Pawan Singh also sustained serious injuries. Police said that the bus (MP09 AS8049) of Vidyasagar School was going to bring students when the incident took place. At 6.30 am around, the bus suddenly veered off the road and moved on to the footpath and entered in a nearby house belonging to Ramu Bhagodia before breaking a traffic department sign board. Six persons were injured in the incident. Later the bus entered the adjoining house and injured its owner Suraj Sisodia. When the bus entered in the third house, luckily, the house owner was outside of the home. The bus also entered in a meet shop. Police said no school children present in the bus at the time of the accident, otherwise, it could have dangerous accident. The bus was going to pick the student. Police have registered the case and investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14876922", "title": "PG admission: Calicut University students in the dark on criteria, rules", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Calicut University has not laid down the criteria and regulations for admitting students to its post graduate (PG) courses even as the first batch of degree students who have passed out under the choice-based credit semester system (CCSS) are unsure how they will be ranked for PG admissions.Academicians say the varsity will have to amend the existing admission procedure for PG courses, which is based on marks, and frame new criteria compatible with the CCSS system. Students are awarded a cumulative grade point average (CGPA) on a four-point scale, instead of marks. The Association of Calicut University Teachers (ACT) said the university had not initiated any discussion with teachers or the PG Board of Studies on preparing the guidelines for the PG admissions. ACT president Dr K Fathimathu Zuhra said that last year the university had completed the first round of PG admissions by this time. \"But unfortunately CU has not even framed the regulations on selecting students who have passed out of the CCSS system for PG courses,\" she said.Faced with the delay, the teachers under ACT have submitted a formula for calculating the weightage for admissions to PG programmes to the vice-chancellor. Zuhra said it would be inadvisable to go for a simple conversion of the CGPA into a simple numerical system, as grading had to be both quantitative and qualitative while the numerical scale is only quantitative.However, syndicate member Prof K A Siraj and a member of the committee formed by the varsity to formulate a criteria for conducting PG admissions, said they would finalize the new formula by next week.\"We are in the final stages of preparing the regulations for PG admissions by combining the CGPA score and the credits earned by a student. We already have a draft formula and will run trials based on it next week. By the end of next week, the varsity will have detailed norms on eligibility and selection criteria for PG admissions,\" he said.Tahir Jamal K M, an English literature student, who has just passed out under the CCSS system, said students were completely in the dark as to how and on what basis PG admissions would be conducted.\"We do not have any information on the criteria that will be employed in preparing the PG admission rank list. The delay in issuing the grade cards are also a concern. The deadline of central universities for submission of grade cards is fast approaching,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14871420", "title": "Bukkal wins council election unopposed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bukkal Nawab, the Samajwadi Party candidate for the council seat, was declared elected unopposed on Friday, the last day of filing of nomination papers for the polls. Bukkal Nawab's was the only nomination filed for the post. The seat has fallen vacant after Bahujan Samaj Party supremo and former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati resigned from the council membership to find a seat in the Rajya Sabha after her party was defeated in the 2012 Uttar Pradesh assembly elections.His victory was announced by the principal secretary Vidhan Sabha and election officer Pradeep Kumar Dubey after the period for filing of nomination ended on Friday evening. Dubey said Nawab's tenure will end on May 6, 2016.Nawab is a Shia Muslim and a known face in old Lucknow. He has been in the SP since the start of his political career. He contested assembly elections several times in the past, but never succeeded. However, his nomination to the council is seen as a token of appreciation from SP chief for his loyalties towards the party and its supremo. Bukkal Nawab's victory in the council elections is also seen as an answer to the demands of the Shia Muslims who have sought representation of their community in the state council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14871964", "title": "Ensure adequate fertiliser, urea to farmers, says state agriculture officer", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Stating that there is no shortage of fertiliser and urea in the district, state agriculture production commissioner Alok Ranjan said that there is a need to distribute them properly at different centres run by the government. \"It is the duty of officials to inspect and ensure that these centres are opened daily at the fixed time,\" said Alok Ranjan, while chairing a review meeting of officials on Friday.Stating that the priority of the state government is to ensure that there is no shortage of fertilisers and urea in the state for farmers, he said that officials should visit blocks and inspect the distribution of fertiliser and urea to farmers. Stressing on providing finance to farmers, Ranjan said that district officials should organise a camp for distribution of Kisan Credit Cards and prepare the schedule of such camps under the supervision of the CDO.He accepted that some villages in trans-Yamuna area are facing acute water crisis in the wake of falling water table, but said that other areas are being fed up through water from Sharda subsidiary canal.Superintending engineer, power department informed that trans-Yamuna belt is getting uninterrupted power supply for 18 hours on the pattern of villages in Bundelkhand region. He also instructed officials to focus on developing dark zone villages by introducing projects for water recharging under the supervision and charge of CDO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14878334", "title": "Man Booker finalists to be announced at Jaipur Literature Festival", "text": "JAIPUR: There would be more for literature lovers at the next Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF) to be held from January 24 to 28, 2013. The annual literature festival that has been growing in reputation since it was first-held in 2008 would add another exquisite feather to its cap in its sixth edition by establishing a connection with The Man Booker International Prize.\"We will be announcing the 'List of Finalists' for the Man Booker International Prize at the Jaipur Literature Festival on Thursday, 24 January 2013. This will include an event as part of the festival at the Diggi Palace Hotel followed by an invitational dinner celebration at the City Palace,\" said Truda Spruyt, associate director (culture), Colman Getty Consultants, the UK's iconic culture and campaigning consultancy, which handles the prize.Elaborating further, Truda said, \"As it is the Man Booker International Prize, we will be announcing those finalists which the judges have selected for this biennial award which celebrates a writer's contribution to fiction on the world stage, rather than for a particular book. The judges' list of finalists, eight writers under serious consideration for the prize, will be announced.\"The Man Booker International Prize, worth \u00a360,000, is awarded for achievement in fiction on the world stage. It is presented to a living author for his or her body of work published either originally in English or widely-available as a translation in English.Writers from across the globe are eligible. Previous winners include Albanian novelist Ismail Kadare in 2005, Nigerian writer Chinua Achebe in 2007, Canadian writer Alice Munro in 2009 and American author Philip Roth in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14891348", "title": "I would do anything for Demi, says Bruce Willis", "text": "Bruce Willis has admitted that he would \"probably do anything\" for his ex-wife Demi Moore , who he split from in 2000.The 57-year-old actor, who has remained close to Moore since their divorce insists that the actress, their daughters Rumer, 23, Scout, 20, and Tallulah, 18, his current spouse Emma and their baby girl, three-month-old Mabel, are the most important people in his life.\"I'm very proud of my daughters. I would do anything for them. And for my wife Emma. And probably for Demi as well,\" Contactmusic quoted him as telling In magazine.Willis reveled that he is particularly proud about the fact that the duo managed to keep their split private, despite their high-profile, as he thinks it was important for the welfare of their children.\"We both didn't want to wash our dirty linen in public. We did that for our children as well,\" he added.Demi was hospitalized and endured a stint in rehab for an eating disorder and substance abuse issues earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14872763", "title": "Psycho's escape: 2 circle inspectors face suspension", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: With hopes of nabbing 'psycho' R Sambasiva Rao, who escaped from the police custody on Thursday, fading away, angry police bosses have decided to sack at least two inspectors responsible for the incident.Guntur urban SP A Ravikrishna, who was in Vizianagaram to attend a court case on Thursday, rushed back and visited Kondapalli fort to review the search operations.Despite launching a massive hunt from all corners of the fort, the police could not track the criminal. Nearly six separate teams headed by three DSPs and a good number of police personnel both from Guntur and Vijayawada commissionarates continued the search for Samba for the second consecutive day.Sources said that the SP was fuming at the crime branch inspector Sudhakar and Nellore inspector Suresh for taking the offender to a secluded place where he allegedly stashed away the jewellery stolen from his victims.Although the police claimed that two inspectors, two sub-inspectors and at least 10 constables were present at the time Samba escaped, the SP is reported to have asked them as to why they did not open fire at the running offender.After going round the places on the fort from where Samba escaped, the SP reportedly observed that it was highly impossible for anyone to escape from such a terrain if all the police personnel were present.Sources said that SP had decided to recommend the suspension of two inspectors and two sub-inspectors to the inspector general.Negligence on the part of the police team was glaring as they rushed to the fort area to recover the jewellery despite knowing that the accused was not a bandit . \"They should have simply focused on his crimes and produced him before the court without going into recoveries as he was not a dacoit,\" observed a senior police official.Meanwhile, rumours spread that a woman alerted the police about the movement of psycho samba near Santhinagar in Kondapalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871727", "title": "2007 Marine Drive mishap case posted on July 19", "text": "MUMBAI: A local court on Friday heard arguments and adjourned the hearing in a 2007 Marine Drive accident case which was reinvestigated after the victim's family told the court that they believed the driver arrested was not the real accused.The court posted the matter for hearing on July 19.Last month, the police submitted a report which corroborated the family's version. The family also filed an application seeking confiscation of passports of the \"real culprits\" Umer Basar and his brother Uzair.Dharamsey (44) and his wife Nadia (42) were going to have ice-cream when a car rammed into their scooter on March 23, 2007. Their son Faraaz said Farhan Mansoor Ahmed was not the real accused as Nadia had seen four teenagers in the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871153", "title": "Demolition drive by civic bodies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The South and North Delhi Municipal Corporations on Friday carried out demolition drive in their areas. South corporation carried out action against 23 properties in Khanpur, Freedom Fighter colony, Hargovind enclave, Sadh Nagar and other areas. North corporation razed illegal portions of three properties, one each in Rohini sector-24,8 and 6.After taking demolition action, the floors/properties have been left in uninhabitable condition. Roof slabs were punctured and the illegal portions were left in an inhabitant condition. People encroach on public land without realizing that they have violated the building-bye laws. With the help of local police action was carried out,\" said an official of the south corporation.The sealing and demolition drive will continue in south zone next week also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14872977", "title": "Kovai AIADMK MLA throws tantrum over minister's visit", "text": "COIMBATORE: A routine ministerial inspection of ongoing work by the department of municipal administration and water projects turned out to be a factional feud between AIADMK leaders here on Friday. State minister KP Munusamy was supposed to inspect a few projects on Friday morning but AIADMK MLA VC Aarukutty and his supporters gate crashed the venue and started raising slogans and abuses, alleging that the AIADMK local unit and local body officials did not bother to inform him of the minister's programme.Aarukutty also categorically said the minister would not be allowed to inspect two more worksites inside his constituency at Sarkarsamakulam and Saravanampatti. Finally, the minister decided to stay away from Aarukutty's constituency proceeded towards Ramakrishnapuram Main Reservoir to inspect the Dedicated Pillur II water supply scheme of the Coimbatore corporation.\"I was not informed about the minister's visit even though I am an MLA and a dedicated party worker. This is not the way AIADMK used to operate as a political outfit. It is against the basic ethos and culture of our political party,\" said Aarukutty, MLA of Kavundampalayam constituency.Munusamy was inspecting the detailed work plan of the water supply project to Palladam, 23 town panchayats and 965 rural habitations from Pillur reservoir, when Aarukutty suddenly walked in along with a group of supporters, shouting expletives in Tamil, literally intercepting the minister who decided to leave the spot. The minister tried his best to pacify Aarukutty but the latter was in no mood to listen and insisted that the minister stay put and listen to his version. The legislator from Kavundampalayam claimed that he had the right to be informed about the minister's visit to his constituency.\"It is pure indifference and irreverence by some people within the party. It is not good for the future of the outfit if select party leaders are sidelined,\" said an agitated Aarukutty, before he along with his supporters decided to make way for Munusamy and the official convoy to leave the spot.Munusamy kept on repeating that his intention was not to hurt Aarukutty's sentiments and even regretted that the local MLA and his supporters felt insulted and sidelined at the inspection. Aarukutty and his supporters kept on shouting expletives and abusive words on and off till the minister and his convoy left the spot.Senior party leaders including local MLAs SP Velumani, Challenger Durai (R Duraisamy) and city mayor SM Velusamy were present at the spot when the entire episode occurred. Velusamy is also urban district secretary of the AIADMK in Coimbatore, but chose to keep quiet as Aarukutty and his team went on 'airing' their grievances to the minister.Challenger Durai tried to intervene and normalise the situation, but chose to do it in a subtle manner. tnnVelumani also chose to be a silent spectator. There is reportedly friction between the district-level leadership of the party and Aarukutty, and the show of resentment was intended.\"It is an unfortunate incident. Each leader has his own style of politics (hinting at Aarukutty),\" said Velumani when asked about the incident.Aarukutty was holding the internal party position of union secretary of Sarkarsamakulam unit but he was removed from the post two months ago. GB Subramanian, another party leader, was appointed to the post. Aarukutty's supporters also added that it was an unfair move against their leader.However, Aarukutty sounded composed when TOI spoke with him on Friday evening and said he was extremely hurt after being sidelined in his own constituency and that is why he reacted in an emotional manner.Meanwhile, minister Munusamy chose to dismiss the issue as a minor internal party matter which was not worth much debate. Coimbatore corporation officials (since Sravanampatti and nearby town panchayat areas were recently added to the corporation limits) claimed that they had informed Aarukutty about the minister's programme, but the MLA denied it completely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14872207", "title": "HC seeks report on waterlogging", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Friday directed Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) as well as the state departments of irrigation and fisheries to file status reports on waterlogging in the city within two weeks.Green activist Subash Datta had filed a PIL in 2008 stating that the state government and the World Health Organization (WHO) had prepared a master plan in 1966 to prevent waterlogging in the city. But this plan did not take shape as there was lack of coordination between different government agencies. KMC had then admitted the lack of coordination.When the case came up for hearing on Friday, Datta argued that he was not informed about any report on the issue.The division bench of justices K J Sengupta and A K Mondal directed KMC and the two state government departments to file a status report in the form of an affidavit in two weeks, outlining steps they have taken to prevent waterlogging in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14871519", "title": "Blame game over infectious disease", "text": "LUCKNOW: It took three deaths and more than a 100 patients to stir the Lucknow Municipal Corporation and the health officials to start preventive and cleanliness measures in Garhi Kanora locality on Friday morning.But it seems that the authorities have not taken a lesson from the death toll.The LMC and health officials blamed each other for the spread of the infectious disease in the locality. While the doctors said the locality has choked drains, garbage heap, muck and filth which have led to spread of the disease, municipal officers said the health department should have distributed preventive medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14870997", "title": "Court allows girl to stay with mother", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has allowed a woman to keep the custody of her 16-year-old daughter, respecting her wishes to stay with her mother, and not the father who, she claimed, is a cruel man.Dismissing her husband's contention that the minor needs to stay with her father and grandparents who are affectionate towards her, guardian judge Gautam Manan allowed the woman to keep her daughter with herself. \"Despite the fact that her paternal grandparents were allowed to meet her once in a month, they never came to Delhi to meet her,\" the court said.\"The child is in constant care and protection of her mother and her mother is taking care of her health, education and intellectual development,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14872475", "title": "Man must prove why he had to leave wife: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The onus is on a man to prove that he had very good reasons for leaving his wife, the Bombay high court has ruled.Two years after a family court dismissed a Goregaon resident Seema Holkar's plea, seeking restitution of conjugal rights, and granted divorce to her husband, Prashant Holkar, on the grounds that it was the wife's responsibility to prove that he was not justified in leaving her, the high court said the order was based on a wrong interpretation of the law.Prashant moved the family court in 2010, seeking divorce. Seema later sought maintenance and restoration of conjugal rights. But when the family court rejected her claims, she filed an appeal in the high court.\"The edifice on which the family court's judgment rests cannot stand the test of judicial scrutiny,\" said a division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice A R Joshi. The judges referred to section 9 of the Hindu Marriage Act, which deals with an application filed for the restoration of marriage rights by a man or woman, whose spouse has left him/her. It says, \"Where a question arises whether there has been reasonable excuse for withdrawal from society, the burden of proving the excuse shall be on the person who has withdrawn from the society.\"For the present case, the HC said, \"The husband must establish that there was reasonable excuse for him for withdrawal from the society of the wife. The onus in establishing it is on the husband in the proceeding filed by the wife for the restitution of conjugal rights.\" Quashing the trial court's judgment, the HC relegated the matter to the family court to reconsider Seema's plea. The HC also told Prashant to continue paying maintenance that will cover their Goregaon home's EMI, flat maintenance, bills and the educational expenses of their minor son.(Names changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14876714", "title": "Zero pollution technologies for water treatment project", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP) is considering two advanced technologies for the proposed sewerage treatment plant (STP) at Karimbalapalam. The technologies mooted are mixed bed bio reactor (MBBR) and sequential batch reactor (SBR) which ensures zero polluted water as the final product.The Rs 104-crore sewerage treatment project will treat waste water and channel it to Cannoli canal after chlorination. Estimated cost of the STP is Rs 40 crore. A green belt will also be built around the proposed treatment plant.The treatment plant will have a capacity of 13.5 million litres/day and during the second phase, the capacity will be increased to 27 million litres/day. The STP is being designed on the basis of an assumption that each person generates a total of 115 litres of effluent per day.KSUDP project manager K Bhaskaran said a final decision on technology will be taken after finalizing the tenders. SBR is a fully automated control system which will minimize human intervention and thus reduce operational errors. The automated system will remove phosphorous and nitrogen from the waste water and reduce its foul smell. On the other hand, MBBR ensures zero pollution and environment hazards.\"KSUDP has invited an international tender for the construction of STP. Kerala Water Authority (KWA), the implementing agency, has already signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Chennai-based Sreeram EPC Private limited for pipeline works.The work is expected to be complete by December 2014 as KSUDP has received extension for all its on-going projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14873928", "title": "Model prohibited liquor area proposed in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: All India Prohibition Council has proposed to chief minister Ashok Gehlot to make circle of 200 villages in Ajmer as a model prohibited liquor area. The council has ideated this novel concept of agitation against liquor to fight the social evil.Bhilwara Additional General Secretary Bhanwar Singh Choudhary has asked Gehlot to close down wine shops wherever people agitate against them. Taking inspiration from the story of Times of India published on June 26, 2012, on front page \"Dine, but no wine in 200 villages of Ajmer.\" Choudhary said that it shows that people are becoming aware of consequences of liquor and those addicted are expelled from respective community functions.He has also asked for a committee to work towards making the village a model one laced with facilities like health, education, roads, irrigation, agriculture so that it becomes an example for other villages. \"It is a step against the social evil and government should come forward to support it,\" said the proposal.People like Ashok Rawat, president of Rawat Navyuvak Mandal, are working to make the masses aware of the consequences of liquor and even the excise department of Ajmer is helping them by shifting liquor shops from villages. \"Therefore, I request you to close down the shops where villagers agitate,\" said Choudhary in his proposal.He also expressed his gratitude for women who initiated this noble fight against liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14892395", "title": "Anne Hathaway 'inconsolable' after hair cut short", "text": "Anne Hathaway has admitted that she was \"inconsolable\" when she saw the result of her latest haircut, and insisted that it was harder than \"doing back flips out of windows and jumping off of buildings\".The 29-year-old actress chopped off the majority of her long brunette tresses recently in a bid prepare for her forthcoming role of Fantine in the film adaptation of 'Les Miserables'\"[I was reduced to] a mental patient level of crying ... I was inconsolable,\" Contactmusic quoted her as saying on 'Live! With Kelly'.\"I wasn't expecting [cutting my hair] to be a big deal. It was my idea to do it, since it was something the character did. [Then] I realized I couldn't take it back,\" she said.However, after getting over the initial shock of her new look , the 'Dark Knight Rises' actress insists that she now \"quite likes\" having short hair.\"I'm just so pleased with how I look, so I now quite like having short hair. I did it for a film, so it really wasn't about me and my security,\" she said recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871240", "title": "Uproar over 26/11 hero\u2019s new posting", "text": "MUMBAI: The home department on Friday came under fire for \"ill-treating\" 26/11 hero Arun Jadhav. An objection was raised during proceedings of the state legislative council over Jadhav's latest posting as a constable in the Naigaon local arms division.Jadhav, a recipient of the President's gallantry medal, is the sole survivor of the Mumbai police van which was hijacked by terrorist Ajmal Kasab and his accomplice. The constable had played a vital role in Kasab's subsequent arrest. Five others on the van, including anti-terrorism squad (ATS) chief Hemant Karkare , additional commissioner Ashok Kamte, and senior inspector Vijay Salaskar , were shot dead by terrorists. Jadhav also sustained bullet injuries but pretended to be dead.Raising a privilege motion over the issue, NCP member Kiran Pawaskar demanded that the 26/11 hero should be \"respectfully\" reassigned duties in the ATS. Mohan Joshi, who was presiding over the house at that time, directed the state government to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14870509", "title": "12 districts receive scanty rainfall", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At least 12 out of 30 districts have received deficient rainfall this monsoon so far, raising apprehension that it may affect agriculture in the state.A report of the meteorology department said Odisha received 287. 6 mm rainfall this monsoon so far, which is only 17% less compared to normal. However, there are 12 districts which have received deficit rainfall between 18 and 50% till date. Those districts and their deficient rainfall percentage are Koraput (-50), Jajpur (-46), Deogarh (-44), Jagatsinghpur (-38), Nabarangpur (-37), Gajapati (-36), Mayurbhanj (-35), Balasore (-35), Kendrapada (-27), Rayagada (-23), Keonjhar (-22) and Angul (-18). Sonepur and Bargarh have received 23%more rainfall compared to normal. The 16 other districts in the state have received normal rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14876802", "title": "Defective driving test tracks to be replaced", "text": "KOZHIKODE: State transport and road safety commissioner K S Balasubramanian has ordered the repair and replacement of the defective testing tracks at the state's first automated driving test centre at Chevayoor.The TOI had on Thursday reported that three of the four brand new testing tracks inaugurated last month did not comply with the state motor vehicle department (MVD) rules.The transport commissioner said he had asked the agency, which laid the tracks, to repair them to conform to MVD rules.The project was implemented by M/s Softx Technologies Pvt Limited, a private agency under the technical supervision of Integrated Driving Training and Research (IDTR).The '8' track used for testing motorcycles and autorikshaw drivers is oversize, and the parking track has been laid in a zigzag designwhich is not seen anywhere else. The gradient test track is too steep. Owing to the design errors, MVD had suspended tests at the tracks.\"We have asked the agency to make alterations. They have agreed to correct the technical errors at the earliest. We will see to it that the payments to the agency are made only after the modifications are carried out,\" Balasubramanian said.The department has also taken steps to ensure a fool-proof automated driving test centre at Elavayoor in Kannur, he said.Three more hi-tech driving test centres are to be set up in the state -- at Thiruvananthapuram, Thrissur and Ernakulam.\"Land has been allotted for this at Thiruvananthapuram. Land allotment at Thrissur and Ernakulam is in various stages of completion.The department is planning to overhaul driving test and licensing process in the state and the new centres are being set up as part of this,\" Balasubramanian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14875807", "title": "India's 1st all-women toll plaza on Mumbai-Agra national highway", "text": "NASHIK: The country's first toll plaza to be operated by women only all-women toll plaza is set to come up on the Mumbai-Agra national highway (NH3) at Pimpalgaon-Baswant, about 30 km from Nashik city. The plaza is and is expected to be operational start operating within a month.This would be the first toll plaza in the country operated by women only. with only females handling toll collection round the clock.As road-widening work of the 60-km stretch from Pimpalgaon to Gonde, being undertakenbeing constructed by PNG Tollway Private Ltd under BOT (Build Operate Transfer) basis is nears completion, a staff of 80 women will soon be gearing up to handle toll collection at the post and the staff of 80 women is getting ready for the toll collection at the Toll Plaza.The Project Director of the Project director, National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), project director Shriram Mishra, who is overseeing the road widening work said, \"A proposal about the toll-collection is in process and has been sent to NHAI the headquarters of the National Highway Authority of India. According to rulesAs per rules, since 75% percent of the work of the road-widening project is already complete over, the construction company can start the toll collection.\"Out of the 60-km stretch which passes through Nashikpassing through the city , work on 47km has been completed. Toll will be collected collection will be in accordance with the ratio of the work that has been completed and rates are pending NHAI approval. The rate for the toll collection will also be decided and approved by the NHAI headquarters.Meanwhile, residential localities that fall within a 20-km radius of the plaza falling in the 20 kms radius of the toll plaza will be given monthly passes to commute on both sides of the stretch so long as the vehicles plying are non-commercial. between the areas on either side of the toll plaza, which according to the construction company would be extremely reasonable. However, the only criterion for this will be that vehicles of the pass holders should be non commercial. Such residents will be issued smart cards by the toll plaza.The 16-lane toll plaza's most noteworthy feature remains the fact that from A special feature of the 16-lane toll plaza is that right from the project manager to the peons, all will be women recruits. While 60 women will be deputed for toll collection, another 20 will work as office staff. be in the office staff.Sources from the construction company said informed that the all woman toll plaza is an attempt to make the district's women folk financially stable.Many among the recruited women are of varied civil statuses including divorced and widowed women married, unmarried, divorcee and widows and most of them are residents of Pimpalgaon and Kokangaon areas which are in close proximity to the plaza. located very closewhich falling very close to the toll plaza.With regard to their security for the plaza, there will be male security while male guards will be deployed outsidethe toll plaza, and the the plaza itself will be monitored by close circuit television cameras (CCTVs). Additionally, and the construction company will be using vehicles with global positioning systems GPRS equipment fitted vehicles to for pick-up and dropping the employees to and from work. women at their residences.Vehicle The drivers employed for the drop vehicle on these vehicles will also have their identities be verified by the police as an additional security measure. to ensure security of the women.Sources said that informed that the project is based on a is a revenue-sharing model one, under which 19% percent of toll collected the toll collection will go to the government. This will increase by 1% and it will increase by one percent every year for the next 20 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14888646", "title": "CDAC, Maharashtra govt join hands to boost e-governance", "text": "PUNE: In an effort to boost its e-governance initiative, the Maharashtra government will set up a Centre of Excellence for Marathi in technical collaboration with city-based Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (CDAC).The proposed Centre will assist the Directorate of Information Technology (DIT) of the state government in international consortia and other standardisation bodies so that Marathi language gets its \"rightful place\" in national and international scenario, officials said, adding this activity will \"ensure interoperability between most of the applications across various platforms.\"The Centre will evolve guidelines for creation of knowledge repository of various resources available in Marathi such as dictionaries, e-books, audio and interactive books and assist DIT in development of Marathi lexicons and standardised dictionaries and terminologies that can be used for e-governance applications.Scope of work proposed to be undertaken by the COE for Marathi will also include training to government employees, testing and benchmarking the products and services and applications.The Memorandum of Understanding between CDAC (Gist) and Maharashtra government's DIT will be valid for a minimum of three years and can be extended further on mutually agreed terms, officials said.Two members of the CDAC team from Pune will be stationed at DIT, Mumbai and will be responsible for gathering IT related requirements for the state government and will also assist the developers for implementation of Marathi language tools, technologies and solutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14873508", "title": "HC seeks reply on plea to demolish Arwal collectorate", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Friday directed the state government to file a counter affidavit to a PIL seeking demolition of the collectorate building and circuit house of Arwal district on the ground that they were constructed over a filled lake.A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh issued the directive while hearing a PIL of Mohan Kumar and others. The court directed the principal secretary, revenue and land reforms, and district magistrate of Arwal to file counter affidavit to the pleas made in the PIL in four weeks.Petitioner's counsel Dinu Kumar cited a Supreme Court ruling given in January 2011 that the form and character of natural water bodies including lake should not be disturbed. He submitted that the lake measuring 19 acres is still being filled up for construction of other government buildings, which should be immediately stopped. He sought demolition of the constructed building over the filled lake and restoration of the original shape and natural form of the lake.The petitioner also sought initiating departmental proceedings against the officials responsible for filling up the lake. He also demanded recovery of the government money wasted in such works from the officials concerned.Civic issues: The same bench directed the Patna Municipal Corporation to give details of the expenditure incurred on providing civic amenities in Patna City.The order was passed on a PIL of an NGO, Bharat Vikas, seeking provision of adequate civic amenities, including adequate water supply, removal of garbage, maintenance of hygiene and removal of waterlogging problem in low lying areas. Petitioner's counsel Dayashankar also demanded improvement in law and order in Patna City, a subdivision of Patna district.Kanwarias' route: The same bench on Friday directed the state government and the divisional commissioner, Bhagalpur, to file a counter affidavit in four weeks to a PIL of Muni Nath Tiwari challenging the creation of diversion on the route of kanwarias from Sultanganj to Deoghar.The petitioner said a year back, a kuchcha diversion on the kanwarias' route was made from east to west in a 300-metre stretch near Rajwara under Katoria police station in Banka district. Due to this diversion, the kanwarias are facing difficulty as on the original path there were dharmshalas, arrangement of drinking water and toilets, which are lacking on the new route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14892576", "title": "Ramachandra varsity launches BSc Sports and Exercise course", "text": "CHENNAI: City-based Sri Ramachandra University on Friday announced starting of BSc (Sports and Excercise Sciences) course.The four year paramedical course, started from the current academic year, includes one year of training, a release here said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14873843", "title": "Ration shop owners down shutters to protest arrest of salesman", "text": "COIMBATORE: Employees and their aids working in the 53 shops of Amudham cooperative fare price shop down their shutters demanding release of a salesman who was arrested by the inspector of the Civil Supplies Investigation Department for helping to smuggle the ration rice to Kerala, on Friday.The protestors alleged that the salesman was remanded on a false charge and sought his immediate release.S Balachandran, district Secretay, INTUC, said \"The salesman was arrested without the knowledge of the higher officials, which is inappropriate as he was doing his duty to supply the ration to a person who came with a card.\"The protest comes a day after S Murugavel, Inspector of Police, Civil Supplies Criminal Investigation department arrested Basheer, a resident of Palakkad in Kerala, who allegedly smuggled the rice after purchasing it from the shop of Natrajan.\"Based on a tip off the police caught the accused at the shop, while he was trying to smuggle away the ration rice to Kerala with the help of his other aids,\" Murugavel said.The accused was smuggling the rice with the help of three women in the buses en route to Kerala, Murugavel added. There are already three cases against the accused Basheer, he noted.The team followed the accused to the shop where he was caught purchasing the rice from Natrajan, he said.\"Why should a shop supply ration to a person who do not have a ration card and is native of Kerala,\" Murugavel argued. On questioning Basheer revealed that 200 kg has already been sold at a cost of Rs3, he said adding that the money was also seized. Following this the accused was immediately arrested along with the salesman, he noted.The arrest was part of the routine work and few weeks back in a similar case a person was arrested and none of the union came forward protesting it, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14872423", "title": "Cop report spells out charges against Vora", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch on Friday filed a report before a local court, clarifying the charges levelled against stock broker Gautam Vora, accused of harboring triple-murder accused Vijay Palande.In a 160-page chargesheet filed last week, the crime branch booked Vora and Palande under IPC sections, including 202 (intentional omission to give information of offence by person bound to inform), 212 (harboring offender), 224 (obstruction by a person to his lawful apprehension) and 225 (resistance or obstruction to lawful apprehension of another person). Vora is currently out on bail.On April 10, when being ferried in a cop van, Palande, with the help of constable Amol Deshphande, fled; he called up Vora who reportedly picked him up in his sedan and bought him clothes before checking him in a Colaba hotel. Palande was rearrested five hours later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14871075", "title": "General stream marks fudged too", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 'marks for cash' scam runs deeper. Apart from the 150-odd HSC (science) students whose marks were increased for a price, it turns out that the fortunes of 100 HSC (general) stream students too were reversed - for a sum of course.Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials told TOI that the marks of 150 HSC (general) stream students were also found out to be tampered with. The board withdrew marksheets bearing the falsified results and sent the original results to the concerned schools.The status of 100 students had changed from fail to pass. Students are reported to have been given an increase of 100-200 marks at the click of a mouse.It needs mention that TOI exposed this 'marks for cash' scam after which Nilpa Software Systems Private Limited, the agency assigned the task of preparing marksheets for SSC and HSC. The agency was banned by GSHSEB on Thursday following the expose.Officials now concede that last year too, allegations of marks being fudged were levelled against the software company but there was no inquiry. The tip-offs were dismissed as baseless considering the long association Nilpa Software had with the board and the trust levels built over years.\"Nilpa Software Systems has been working with the GSHSEB for preparation of marksheets and results for the past 15 years. Initially, the agency only handled SSC results but with time, the board handed over responsibility for preparing sensitive HSC science and general stream results too,\" said a board official.Apparently, the agency lost no time in using this vote of trust to mint money. Results were changed for a minimum fee of Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh.Praveen Shah, director of Nilpa Software said the issue is confidential and that he couldn't comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14874607", "title": "'Spruce up Agra to promote tourism'", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP has a readymade destination for tourism: the Taj Mahal in Agra. None of the states in the country have a tourist destination better than the Taj. A former civil servant and the current group executive director of DLF Ltd. , Rajeev Talwar said UP has lot of tourism potential due to Agra, but there is a need to act on its own. \"The state can't depend on people from outside to do something for the development of tourism sector,\" he said while addressing the SpeakUp Conclave.There is a need to make a new city in Agra, across the river Yamuna, which exists separately from the Old City. The new city, in order to be alluring to the tourists, has to be well planned, neat and clean, free of congestion and should have an international airport. \"The city, at present, has an Air Force station used as an airfield which closes by 5pm, how can one expect it to handle international traffic then,\" he said. The state can also consider making a Mughal Garden over 1,000 acre area, which can, for decades, provide an unobstructed view of the Taj.Talwar, who started his career as a probationary officer with the state Bank of India , and then cracked the civil services exam in 1978, has provided vital inputs for development of tourism in the country, during his stint as additional director general, tourism, GoI and as managing director and CEO of Delhi Tourism and Transport Development Corporation. He has played a role in formulating and implementing country's tourism policy, its promotion and offshore and domestic marketing.He also suggested that state, in order to attract tourists and to promote its products can set up a zone, where people can buy products like carpets, handicrafts and glassware, leather goods and carpets for which UP is famous.Key areas for developing tourism in UP:* UP needs international airports. If a small state like Kerala can have five international airports, UP needs to have at least one to call its own* State needs more expressways* Education of youth has to be focussed on which can create skilled professionals* Medical facilities should be improved* Private operators should be allowed entry in the tourism sector in a bigger way* Bringing in international food outlets and developing Indian food outlets will help attract tourists* Volvo buses and radio taxis as a means of transportation are a must", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "14872172", "title": "Twin fires in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: Fire broke out at two places in the district on Friday. Early in the day, a factory godown at Domjur caught fire and 20 fire tenders had to be pressed into service the douse the fire. Three fire fighters fell sick after they were suffocated during the fire-fighting operation. They had to be rushed to the hospital for treatment.In the evening, another massive fire broke out in a godown-cum-factory workshop at Ramkrisnapur launch ghat in Shibpur. About 100 workers were working at the spot when the fire broke out. However, nobody was injured. Fire services minister Javed Khan later went to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "14870452", "title": "Teacher arrested for 'sexual abuse' in Keonjhar", "text": "KEONJHAR: Tension mounted in Keonjhar town on Friday after a teacher of Atopur Nodal primary school in Keonjhar town was allegedly found to be sexually exploiting girl students of the school. The mob assaulted the teacher before he was rescued by police.The mob gheraoed the school and an officer of education department for more than four hours. A police force was deployed at the school to contain the tension.Police arrested the accused teacher after receiving a complaint from Rajendra Kumar Sahu, father of one of the girl students. District inspector (DI) of school has suspended the teacher.\"The accused teacher was arrested for sexual exploitation of girl students after we received a complaint from the father of a student. We are investigating the incident,\" said Sadar sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) D C Puhan.According to family members of victim students, the teacher touched the girls inappropriately on many occasions. The matter came to light when one of the girls started showing reluctance to go to school out of fear of the teacher. When quizzed by her parents, she narrated the misbehaviour of the teacher.Her parents informed the headmistress and the DI of school about the matter but instead of taking immediate steps against the teacher, the headmistress and DI tried to suppress the issue, parents alleged.DI of school Jadumani Behara, however, said, \"The teacher was immediately suspended after we received the complaints. We did not try to suppress the matter.\"Locals urged the collector to take exemplary action against the headmistress and the DI of school and others involved in trying to suppress the matter.Headmaster warned against beating studentsBALASORE: The managing committee of Manglmata Upper Primary school in Balasore district warned the headmaster of the institution, who was accused of thrashing a student, not to commit the act again as corporal punishment is banned by the government in schools.The committee discussed the allegation made by the student's parent in a meeting on Friday.The matter was resolved amicably after the victim's father and the headmaster were counseled by villagers and committee members.On Thursday, Sk Kalimuddin, father of a 10-year-old student of the school in Jaleswar area, had lodged a police complaint alleging that his son Sk Ansar was beaten up mercilessly on July 9 by the school headmaster Rabindra Dalai for quarreling with his friends.Kalimuddin said he resorted to lodging a police complaint after the school managing committee and DI of schools of Jaleswar did not pay heed to his repeated requests to take the erring teacher to task.\"The matter has been resolved amicably after the teacher admitted his mistake. We have warned the teacher not to thrash any student so harshly,\" said investigating police officer B M Rout.Kalimuddin confirmed the teacher admitted his mistake.\"I have also asked my son to behave properly in school,\" he added.The police officer said the block development officer, however, will inquire into another allegation against the headmaster of misappropriating funds meant for students' uniform and mid-day meal scheme, as mentioned in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14872630", "title": "Agni-I successfully test fired again", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Friday successfully conducted another test of the 700-km Agni-I nuclear-capable ballistic missile, designed with Pakistan in mind, from Wheeler Island off the coast of Odisha.The 15-metre tall Agni-I was test-fired by the tri-service Strategic Forces Command as part of a \"training exercise to ensure preparedness''. \"It was a textbook launch that met all mission objectives. The missile reached the target point in the Bay of Bengal following the prescribed trajectory,'' DRDO chief controller (missiles and strategic systems) Avinash Chander said.The missile test was conducted from a road-mobile launcher system and tracked by radar and telemetry stations located along the coastline. Two naval warships located near the impact point tracked the missile in the terminal phase of its flight.The armed forces have already inducted Agni-I and Agni-II (2,500-km), which are both basically meant for Pakistan. The 3,000-km Agni-III, which is now under induction, the 3,500-km Agni-IV, tested for the first time last November, and the over 5,000-km Agni-V, tested for the first time in April, are geared towards meeting the threat from China.The real challenge before the DRDO now is to ensure the country's most ambitious missile, the three-stage Agni-V, which brings the whole of China within its strike envelope and propels India into the super-exclusive ICBM (intercontinental ballistic missile) club, becomes operational as soon as possible. But it will only be around 2015 that Agni-V will probably be capable of being deployed by the Strategic Forces Command.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14870544", "title": "32-year-old killed over old enmity", "text": "AKOLA: A 32-year-old man Mohammad Arshad was killed by a gang of seven-eight persons on Thursday night near Khangar Pura Square. After killing Arshad with sharp edged weapons, the assailants dragged the body and dumped it in front of Hasham Seth library where they chopped its head. Washim, who was accompanying Arshad, too was seriously injured in the attack.The incident took place at around 9pm and the gang members used sword, iron pipe, knife, katta and other sharp edged weapons to commit the crime. The attack is believed to be an outcome of old enmity and financial feud. The assailants, ransacked the victim's house and damaged two-wheelers and four-wheelers.Soon after the incident, family members and supporters of the deceased gathered at the spot and demanded immediate arrest of the attackers. Senior police officials of various police stations reached the spot and brought the situation under control. More police force has been deployed in the area to maintain peace.No arrests have been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871079", "title": "Leader gets flak over \u2018demo\u2019 of e-meter rigging", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens, activists and regional transport offices alike have slammed union leader Thampy Kurien's boast that he can demonstrate how electronic meters can be rigged. They question why unions and drivers should even think of tampering with meters. RTOs, in fact, want unions to discipline members and take errant drivers to task.Officials, who requested anonymity, said it was easy to blame technology (e-meters); but what about the \"intention\" of unscrupulous drivers. \"If a driver wants, he can pledge not to manipulate his meter and to fleece commuters. Has the union, which represents a huge section of drivers, ever taken this initiative?\" a senior RTO official asked.The official added, \"Some union leaders have criticized the implementation of e-meters and doubted the technology. But why blame the technology? Even computers can be hacked and credit cards cloned. What is more important is to keep tabs on drivers who cheat passengers.\"Consumer rights activist Sunil Mone demanded that unions start an initiative against crooked drivers. \"The leaders can take action against the drivers caught by RTOs. They can be blacklisted, thrown out of unions and their names made public. This will act as a deterrent.\"Shripad Phadke, a commuter, said, \"Union members can stand outside railway stations during peak hours and ensure there are no refusals or fleecing of commuters.\"As usual, auto union leader Sharad Rao said most drivers involved in meter-tampering did not belong to any union. \"They are illegal drivers (without permits) and flourish with the connivance of RTOs and police,\" he claimed. \"Also, unions have not opposed e-meters. They have opposed the way e-meters have been introduced. Where is the after-sales service and infrastructure to support 1 lakh drivers? Our drivers will have to incur huge costs to maintain these gadgets.\"Kurien said he may soon demonstrate how e-meters are not tamper-proof and thus will not make a big difference to commuters. \"Drivers have to shell out huge sums to replace the old mechanical meters and this has given business worth crores to e-meter manufacturers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14873892", "title": "Alert policeman nabs 2 thieves", "text": "PUNE: A police constable of the Deccan Gymkhana police station managed to nab two thieves on Friday afternoon on Prabhat road.Sadeshkumar Manuswami (21) and Prasad Chandu Servel (22) of Tamil Nadu had just stolen a laptop from a parked car after diverting the driver's attention by throwing currency notes near the car. But their movements had been spotted by police constable Vivek Jadhav, who nabbed the duo after a hot chase.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Sandeep Jagtap of Mundhwa at the Deccan Gymkhana police station.Speaking to TOI, Jadhav said that on Friday afternoon he was having lunch at a restaurant near the Deccan Gymkhana police station. \"I noticed some people moving around a parked car in a suspicious manner and came out of the restaurant,\" he said.Jadhav said he saw one of the men knock on the window at the driver's side. When the driver opened the window, the person showed him the currency notes on the ground. \"The driver came out of the car and started picking up the notes. Meanwhile, another person opened the rear door of the car and took out the laptop bag,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav immediately alerted his colleague Atul Malusare and rushed towards the car. \"I nabbed one person but this alerted his accomplice, who ran away. I handed over the suspect to Malusare and started chasing the other man,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav said that the suspect ran towards Sahyadri hospital, went on Karve road and then turned back on the lane near the hospital. \"I managed to nab him near the hospital with the help of two persons, Dilipsingh Vishwakarma and Suhas Pandhare,\" Jadhav added.\"We are investigating whether the suspects have committed similar crimes in the city,\" said senior police inspector Manohar Joshi of the Deccan Gymkhana police station. \"We are also looking for their accomplices,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14870175", "title": "Girl molestation raises storm in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even as Monday's molestation of a 20-year-old girl by a group of men in public in the city's Christian Basti area continues to evoke angry reactions in Guwahati, police on Friday nabbed an accused in the case. With this, 4 of the 11 persons, identified from video footages recorded by representatives of local channels when the incident took place, are under police net. A search is on for the others.Enraged by the incident, Assam Public Works (APW), an NGO, has put up posters of six of the accused in the city to help police arrest the culprits as early as possible. The Assam State Women's Commission has started a suo motu case and directed the state government to file a report on the incident within a week or earlier. \"We have taken suo muto cognizance in the case and asked the administration to submit a report within a week or so. The whole incident is unfortunate and we are not happy with the role of police who reached the spot late that night and are now taking too much time to catch the culprits,\" said Meera Barooah, chairperson of ASWC.Assam Human Rights' Commission (AHRC), too, has registered a case on the incident.\"We have arrested Mohammad Hafisuddin, a mason, in the case today morning. He was picked up from Tarun Nagar. Altogether 11 people have been identified so far,\" said city SSP Apurba Jibon Barua. Those arrested earlier are Dhanraj Basfor, a cleaner in Gauhati Medical College Hospital, Bulbul Das alias Puspendu, a trader, and Bikash Tiwari. . Police are interrogating them to identify the other culprits.Amarjyoti Kalita, a contractual employee of state government's IT development agency Amtron, has also been sacked for his involvement in the incident. However, he is still at large.On Monday night, the girl was molested by a group of men in public when she was returning home from a city bar in the Christianbasti area on G S Road. The victim was molested for almost half an hour before police rescued her from the spot.The girl is the daughter of a retired policeman and has enrolled herself for a beautician course in New Delhi. Police, after rescuing her from the molesters on Monday night, handed her over to her family which resides in the Ulubari area of the city. Police said the girl is still in a state of shock.Meanwhile, the outrage over the incident spread like wildfire throughout the country and women organizations have whipped the local administration here for its failure in checking such an incident. The video clippings of the incident also went viral on the Net.Student organizations, NGOs and local civil bodies all expressed their outrage over the incident. The APW has already pasted posters of the accused in public places and urged the public to help police arrest them. The NGO has even put posters and hoardings displaying images of the molesters. \"Two huge hoardings have been placed at Chandmari and Dispur. Moreover, we are pasting 'wanted' posters of the culprits in public places such as bus stands and railways stations,\" said Abhijeet Sarma of APW.The North East Girl Students' Association (NEGSA), condemning the incident, prayed to the state home department to intensify police patrolling in the city, especially at night, for women's safety.\"We are going to meet the chief minister next week. Police should also intensify night patrolling after 9 pm here for safety of women. Even working women have to travel late here and they need to be safe,\" said Munmi Dutta, president of NEGSA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14870487", "title": "Reliance Infrastructure wanted to quit airport line: Metro chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A week after Reliance Infrastructure, the concessionaire for the Airport Metro Express, accused Delhi Metro of shoddy work on the high-speed line and shut it down, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has hit back. In a letter to urban development minister Kamal Nath, DMRC chief Mangu Singh has accused R-Infra of allowing the situation to \"worsen to such an extent that services were required to be suspended. Any professional operator would not have allowed the situation to come to that level,\" says Singh.Singh, however, is completely silent about DMRC's own culpability in this entire episode. The letter, sent as a 'fortnightly status report', is dated July 11, 2012. It claims that \"the current situation has arisen due to the fact that there were defects in fixing of the bearings and the same was not detected by Reliance in time\".In the letter - TOI has a copy - Singh has virtually accused Reliance of using the bearings issue as an excuse to bail out of the Airport Metro Express project. \"As I have already brought to your kind notice, Reliance, even prior to this issue of damage to the bearings, had represented to DMRC about the financial viability of the project and had in fact written to DMRC in this respect. They had expressed that either DMRC take over or restructure the entire project so that the financial burden on them is reduced. Meanwhile, they were able to find this issue of bearings and suspended the services,\" he says.Reliance Infrastructure has denied this allegation earlier and said that it was shutting down the Airport Line only on the ground of safety.Significantly, though Singh seems to be shifting blame, he admits that the issue of bearings is serious. \"These bearings are of very small value as compared to the total cost of the viaduct but are very crucial from the safety consideration\". However, he blames the consultant who had been hired for the project, RITES, and the contractor (not mentioned by name) for poor workmanship. \"Prima facie indications are that the bearings were not fixed as per the design and specifications by the contractor,\" writes the Delhi Metro head.According to Singh, the Airport Line's requirements were different from the \"normal Metro\" line. \"We did not have the expertise available to implement such a project on our own. Therefore, the entire project was executed under the supervision of an international consultant, including RITES,\" says Singh, adding, \"The consultant deployed about 26 expatriate experts from time to time and about 50 full-time engineers from RITES. There appears to be deficiency in the supervision by the consultant. On completion of the inquiry, suitable action shall be initiated against the contractor and the consultant.\"Singh claims that there was no need to suspend the service in order to replace the bearings. In fact, he is sore over the fact that the entire line has been shut down. \"They have suspended the services for the entire line though a portion is not affected at all and it is possible to maintain airport connectivity from the Dwarka side by running trains between Sector 21 and Aero City Station,\" he writes.Asked about the letter, secretary, urban development, Sudhir Krishna, admitted that his office had received a copy as well. \"Our priority at present is to rectify the Airport Metro Line and find out the reason for the defects. Who is responsible for what will be decided once the joint committee under the Railways submits its report,\" said Krishna.According to Krishna, a decision to start services between Dwarka and Aerocity, which the DMRC chief has written is viable, will be taken after a meeting with all stakeholders. \"It is too early to react to the contents at present. We will do stock-taking on Monday, when both Delhi Metro and R-Infra, along with representatives of the government meet,\" added the UD secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14873829", "title": "Irked by delay in rail over bridge, residents in Peelamedu to protest on July 22", "text": "COIMBATORE: Six months since city corporation mayor promised them an alternate route to the proposed Peelamedu rail over bridge (ROB) residents of the area are yet to get one. The frustrating wait has turned into anger and the residents have decided to hold an agitation on July 22. The decision was taken at a meeting attended by Peelamedu RWAs on Friday. The protest condemning city corporation would be attended by a large number of local people.Work on ROB was supposed to begin on February 17 this year and end in eight months. When PV Gopal, president, Peelamedu Consumer Voice filed an RTI with the railways on July 3, it replied that the project work could not begin as the district administration had not made arrangements for a diversion road.\"From the series of RTIs I filed, we know that a diversion road still remains a distant dream. The highways department proposal to lay an approach road has not been approved. The delay has forced us to intensify our protests,\" said Gopal.Gopal said nearly 50,000 residents living in Cheran Maa Nagar, Vilankurichi and Thaneerpandal would benefit if the bridge is built. \"The Vilankurichi Road is a busy stretch and theAbsence of a bridge is time-consuming for people who are also forced to spend more on fuel,\" he said.Residents, meanwhile, have alleged that the highways department had withdrawn a proposal to expand the bridge on both sides, reducing its width from 80feet to 60feet. They said this was being done to accommodate the wishes of powerful citizens living on Vilankurichi Road.\"The GRT School and Vijaykumar Ginning Factory, apart from a few companies, are situated on the road. About 40 families have gone to the court to obtain a stay against the widening of the road. In view of all this, we have no option but to protest,\" said an activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "14873861", "title": "Govt saffronizing Goa state cooperative bank: Fatorda MLA", "text": "PORVORIM: The opposition MLAs on Friday grilled the state government over the affairs of the Goa state cooperative bank (GSCB) and accused it of interfering in the bank's functioning with an objective of saffronizing it.In his starred question, Fatorda independent MLA Vijai Sardesai sought to know details about \"elections\" of the Goa state co-operative bank.Sardesai also wanted other details including whether the government had directed the board of directors and the chairman to resign from their posts. Sardesai accused the government of seeking to remove the chairman in order to put in its own stooge in a bid to saffronize the bank. Sardessai said the chief minister's \"irresponsible utterances\" against the bank had provoked investors to withdraw their money causing huge losses to the bank.Opposition MLAs also wanted to know why the government was not paying off the long-pending 46-crore loan advanced by the bank to the government-run Kadamba transport corporation. Opposition MLAs pointed out that the government was surety to that loan and that the KTC loan was one of the main reasons for the bank running into huge losses.The cooperation minister Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar refuted the claim that the KTC loan was the main reason for the bank's losses and said that Nabard had pointed out several reasons why the bank was on the downslide.Among other things, Nabard had pointed out that the bank's risk adequacy ratio was minus two and that it should be raised to at least four. Dhavalikar said Nabard had asked the bank to chalk out an action plan for its recovery, to improve its method of operation and to improve the NPA. Dhavalikar also revealed that the government had paid 15 crore of the 36-crore given to the KTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14871731", "title": "Attempt to loot ATM proves to be futile", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Unidentified miscreants made an abortive attempt to loot an ATM of Punjab National Bank in Mumfordganj area under Colonelganj police circle in the wee hours of Friday. The miscreants damaged the ATM badly, once they failed in their endeavour. The police have been carrying out thorough investigations to crack down the case.Superintendent of police (city) Shailesh Kumar Yadav told TOI that a group of four armed and unidentified robbers had raided the ATM and made the guard of the ATM captive at the gun point. The incident took place around 3.30 am. He added that the miscreants after making the guard named as Suresh captive, applied tape on the CCTV set installed inside the ATM cabin. As per the statement of the guard, the robbers had then put the shutter down and were successful in breaking the outer body of the ATM. As they failed to open the cash box, they then damaged the ATM badly. SP, meanwhile, added that the robbers had also thrashed the security guard and threatened him of dire consequences if he dared to speak anyone about the incident.Yadav, claimed that initial police investigations revealed that it was handiwork of new age criminals and police have been making efforts to ascertain their identities. He added that a sharp edge weapon was found lying inside the ATM cabin. A case has been lodged in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14870606", "title": "CM announces 50% quota for women in urban bodies", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday announced 50 per cent reservation of seats for women in urban local bodies (ULBs), which are scheduled to go to polls in the later part of next year. \"Higher reservation for women would go a long way in empowering them,\" Naveen said.The new policy for the 103 ULBs in Odisha, including corporations, municipalities, and notified area councils, comes after a similar reservation for women in the panchayat elections in February.Though elections to the ULBs are due in the second half of 2013, Naveen making the announcement now has raised eyebrows, especially in the backdrop of the growing perception that BJD in the post-Pyarimohan Mohapatra era has been reduced to a divided house. Naveen in a bid to marginalize Mohapatra had recently suspended him from the party after leveling charges that he had hatched a conspiracy to overthrow him.In the 2008, the BJD out of 96 civic bodies that went to polls had captured 51, followed by BJP 20, Congress 15, independents 8 and Samajwadi party 2. Elections in seven other civic bodies were not held then. Though BJP was then in the government as a coalition partner with BJD, both the parties fought the elections separately.Now that the ruling party has been passing through intense internal bickering, speculation is rife that it might face severe problem in retaining its past position. \"Women empowerment is a facade. The chief minister has announced the increase in seats for women solely with an eye on the elections. He is going to bite the dust very soon,\" remarked BJP state president Jual Oram . Ashima Mahananda of Congress echoed the view. \"Other states have already done similar reservations for women. Odisha government rather woke up late,\" she said.Senior BJD leader and minister S N Patro, however, rubbished the opposition speculation. \"BJD's popularity remains intact. Neither the opposition nor any individual can erode it,\" Patro said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14894581", "title": "Taxi union says a Rs 2 hike could create problems of loose change", "text": "MUMBAI: Taxi union leader A L Quadros wants a fare hike of three rupees. The reason -- there will be a problem issuing one-rupee loose change to passengers if the fares were hiked by only two rupees\u2014from Rs 17 to Rs 19.While this has not gone down well with consumer rights activists, who feel that the three-rupee hike would be a big burden on passengers, Quadros said it was a \" justified\" demand. \"If you raise fares to Rs 19, there will be a problem returning one rupee to passengers.In fact, commuters will end up paying Rs 20. So, we have demanded that the final fares should be a minimum Rs 20,'' he told TOI. Quadros has also demanded that government should give soft loans to cabbies so that they can discard the old Premier Padmini taxis and buy new models of cars. \"The government should encourage new cabs on the road.And anyway, the Padmini taxis will be phased out by 2013 end,'' he stated. He said that the government has already delayed a fare hike for taxis after giving an interim raise of one rupee in fares (from Rs 16 to Rs 17) in April. \"We are eagerly waiting for the Hakim committee report to be submitted to the state transport ministry and the latter deciding on the fare hike,'' he added. Sources said that the Hakim panel has already finalised the fare hike formula and this is being submitted to the transport ministry. The MMRTA will soon work on the formula and announce fare hikes for both taxis and autos. Sources stated that there could be a fare increase of at least two rupees for autos/taxis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14873703", "title": "Miscreants loot woman bus conductor", "text": "KANPUR: A group of miscreants occupying a car, looted the woman bus conductor of Sakhi bus for women after severely beating the driver in Harshnagar area of the city on Friday.The police initially dismissed the incident, saying that it was committed over personal enmity. Later, senior police and UPSRTC officials rushed to the spot to take note of the situation.Eyewitnesses said that the incident occurred near a petrol pump in Harshnagar while the bus was on its way to Parade. \"The miscreants got down from the car and forcibly boarded the bus despite protest from the woman conductor identified as Ketaki and bus driver Jitendra Singh ,\" a police officer said.The miscreants severely roughed up Jitendra and snatched cash worth Rs 2,000 from the bus conductor Ketaki and fled. They also hurled abuses at the passengers and threatened them with dire consequences. After the miscreants left, the driver contacted the police control room and informed the cops about the incident.UPSRTC officer D V Singh also reached the police station and demanded strict action against the accused.A case has been registered with the Colonelganj police. \"Eyewitnesses have provided us the registration number of the car and cops are trying to zero-in and conducting raids,\" said an investigating officer.UPSRTC had launched the Sakhi bus service to serve college girls and women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871845", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee thanks Thackeray for support", "text": "MUMBAI: United Progressive Alliance (UPA) presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee , accompanied by Union agriculture minister and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar , called on Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray at Matoshree on Friday evening.Mukherjee thanked Thackeray for the Sena's support for the presidential elections scheduled for July 19. He later told mediapersons that he had visited Matoshree to thank Thackeray personally.The Sena chief parried questions on what transpired at his talks with Mukherjee.\"It's a secret which I cannot divulge,\" he stated.Although a key ally in the Bharatiya Janata Party-led National Democratic Alliance, the Sena has backed the Congress-led UPA candidate. The Thackeray-Mukherjee-Pawar meeting triggered considerable unease in the BJP. The Sena claimed that the BJP's hemming and hawing on the election prompted Thackeray to throw his party's weight behind Mukherjee.\"There is no question of cosying up to the Congress. We want to keep the BJP on a tight leash. The BJP cannot take us for granted,\" sources close to Matoshree said.The Sena had backed Pratibha Patil in the 2007 election because of her Marathi antecedents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871967", "title": "Youth hit by railway pole lands in Intensive Cardiac-Care Unit", "text": "MUMBAI: A youth sustained severe injuries while performing stunts on a Central Railway local on Friday afternoon. Dinesh Sawant (18), a collegian who resides at the Ramabai Colony in Ghatkopar, is battling for life at Sion hospital.He was standing on the footboard of a CST-bound fast local around 1.50pm. After the train crossed Sion station, Sawant was leaning outside when a pole close to the tracks hit him on the head. Government Railway Police (GRP) officials said he was performing stunts.\"Sawant could have fallen off the local but some commuters pulled him back in. He was bleeding from the hit,\" an official said. At Dadar station, the commuters helped Sawant get off and alerted the GRP. He was taken to hospital, where he was admitted to the ICCU.\"Sawant was unconscious when taken to hospital. He suffered brain hemorrhage and a mid-line shift, where the left side of the brain has been shifted to the right and vice-versa,\" said the assistant medical officer on duty. Neurosurgeons conducted a surgery on him in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870375", "title": "HC warns of action against officer who ordered hospital closure", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday asked the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) what action it proposes to take against the officer who directed closure of the super-specialty Hiranandani Fortis Hospital in Vashi for operating beds in excess of its sanctioned limit. The court also warned that if the NMMC does not take action, it shall initiate action against Dr Ramesh Nikam, the health officer, who issued the order.Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a plea by Hiranandani Healthcare Private Limited challenging Nikam's June 26, 2012, order passed under the Bombay Nursing Homes Registration Act, cancelling the hospital's registration and ordering it to stop functioning.NMMC's counsel Y S Jahagirdar said the hospital flouted norms regarding the number of beds it operates. \"There were violations,'' said Jahagirdar, adding that while the hospital has 150 beds sanctioned, an inspection revealed that it was operating 158 beds. But the judges questioned whether the officer followed the law while issuing the order to shut down immediately. \"What right does he have to pass such an order? There may be a case of life and death emergency in the hospital,'' said Justice Bobde. The judges also remarked that every day, they come across cases of illegalities by government officials. \"What's going on? There is a limit to insensitivity,\" said Bobde.The judges observed that an inference can be drawn that the order was mala fide. They pointed out that while four other hospitals were also found with violations, notice was only issued to Hiranandani to shut down immediately. \"This shows the order was mala fide. How can you direct the hospital to close?'' asked Justice Bobde.Jahagirdar submitted that the hospital can appeal within a month of the order. But the hospital's advocate Zal Andhyarujina said, \"The order shows a pre-determined mind and the law is that when the public authority shows pre-determination, then a writ petition is an appropriate remedy.'' Jahagirdar conceded that the order could not have taken effect because it is contrary to the Act. \"Therefore, it is for the court to decide,'' Andhyarujina insisted. The judges said the NMMC must tell the HC what action it proposes to take against Nikam. They asked Jahagirdar to inform the court at the next hearing a week later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14871431", "title": "Rave-party drug bust in Kolkata, 2 businessmen in net", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Friday smashed a drugs racket that organized rave parties and counted the city's high and mighty on its clientele list. Two prominent businessmen - 53-year-old-Rajiv Mohta and 34-year-old exporter Pratyush Chowdhury - have been arrested.The drug ring has links with Latin American cartels and regularly organized drug-fuelled sex orgies in posh areas like Alipore, Ballygunge and the Salt Lake and Rajarhat townships, police said.Mohta, a general insurance dealer and business consultant, was nabbed from his Lord Sinha Road residence where police seized various kinds of equipment used to consume cocaine and other narcotics, sources said. He has a sprawling office on Park Street.Chowdhury is an exporter of chemical products and his clients include power utilities like CESC, said joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh. He owns a 4,000 square feet flat in the posh Ashoka Road locality in Alipore. Police said Chowdhury was a regular organizer of rave parties for the rich and famous and that Mohta was a regular.It is one of the biggest narcotic busts in the city, and it started with the arrest of Sikkimese drug runner Ang Tshering Obesing in Kolkata on June 29. A highly purified form of heroin was seized from him, indicating that he had an exclusive clientele. Police knew they were on to something big. His interrogation led to the arrest of Nigerian Charles Ozimba on June 6 and Mumbai-based Anglo Indian Donald Maitland on June 9.Police seized 400 gm of cocaine from Ozimba, worth around Rs 2 crore, and 100gm cocaine from Maitland worth Rs 1 crore.Maitland's arrest was the biggest breakthrough in the case, say police. Tshering had told police that he was a 'retailer' and worked for Maitland, who had international contacts. Maitland was part of a drug cartel in Dubai where he spent 10 years in jail, say police. Ozimba, 45, is a native of Edo city in Nigeria and lives in Hyderabad.Two other alleged ring leaders, Kolkata-based Andrew Douglas alias Ginger and Melvin Smith, who allegedly smuggled cocaine and charas from Goa and Mumbai, were arrested over the last week. Douglas was picked up from Kalikapur, off EM Bypass.Ozimba's interrogation revealed that an African gang of cocaine smugglers that is active in Goa used to supply the drug to him and other gangs that serviced affluent clients in cities like Delhi, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Bangalore and Kolkata.The gang made contact over phone but preferred social networking sites, where they used code words to talk about the location and date of rave parties, or fix up drug deliveries. Ozimba used to carry the drugs in bulk to the cities, where local 'retailers' like Tshering would supply it to individual clients. Tshering also went by the names Sydney Russel Benedict and Deshai.According to police, Ozimba has said that a large African gang is behind the drug racket in India and Goa was the hub from where the drugs were sent to different parts of the country. Goa and Kolkata police are looking for a Nigerian, who is alleged to be the mastermind of the nationwide racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14892399", "title": "Transporters want CM to withdraw rule on speed governors", "text": "MUMBAI: The All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC) has submitted a memorandum to state chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, reminding him about a high-level committee of government which had fixed the speed limit for trucks on Expressway at 80 kmph. \"If the speed limit for our vehicles have been fixed at 80, how can we install the new speed governors which curtails speed to 50-60 kmph? \" questioned AIMTC president Bal Malkit Singh. He is now all set for the state-wide chakka-jam to oppose the speed governors. Tankers supplying water, milk, petrol, kerosene, dumper trucks, trailers and school buses will also participate in the stir from July 17.The AIMTC is the apex body of commercial vehicle operators (both cargo &amp; passengers) of India serving the industry for past 76 years and representing 75 lakh truckers and 40 lakh bus operators, maxi cabs and tourist taxi operators. It is an umbrella body covering over 2,500 talukas, districts and state level federations &amp; transporters associations. Said Singh, \"We have been getting representations from state associations regarding harassment by RTOs who have already started implementing the order on tankers/dumpers and are not allowing vehicles without speed governors to enter Maharashtra.This will have a regressive impact on the state economy.\" His memorandum stated that there were different speed limits for different types of roads (National Highway, State Highway and other roads). \"Unless the speed limits were finalised for all types of roads by the high level committee consisting of technical members, the speed governors cannot be fitted,'' it stated. Said Singh, \" The fixing of speed limit at 50 -60 km/hr is whimsical and arbitrary. According to the high level committee meeting held on December 2007, the recommendations were given for different speed limits for Expressway, four or six lane national highway, two-lane national highways, state highways and other roads. On Expressway, the speed limit recommended was more than 70. The speed limit for passenger vehicles was limited to 100 kmph while for goods carrier, it was fixed at 80 kmph. Therefore, fixing the speed limit at 50 -60 kmph is not proper.\" He has also submitted copy of the minutes of meeting dated December 10, 2007 and August 6, 2008 to the chief minister's office for ready reference. ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14870253", "title": "Hang molestation culprits: Laxmi Orang", "text": "GUWAHATI: Monday's molestation of a teenage girl in Guwahati sends racing in ugly memories of an Adivasi woman stripped naked and molested by some youths in broad daylight on November 24, 2007.Five years on, Laxmi Orang, the victim, is still awaiting justice. \"There is one justice for victims of molestation like us - hang the culprits,\" she said.She says the situation has not changed and woman are still molested and stripped on the streets. \"It's time we, the women , got together. I am going to Guwahati to meet this girl but at this moment my message to her is don't break down. Be strong and I am with you,\" Laxmi told TOI from her home at Biswanath Chariali in Sonitpur district.She added, \"The faces of the four culprits, who molested me, were also captured in cameras. They were arrested but that was the end of the story. I was never called by police in these five years. I was called only once by the Manisana Enquiry Committee and that too to identify the culprits. How do they expect a woman who is being stripped and molested on the streets to keep her eyes open and look at the faces of men molesting her?\"She said, \"Police have arrested four persons so far regarding Monday's incident, but the main accused is still absconding. They should be hanged so that nobody dares to commit such a crime in future.\"Laxmi now plans to start a movement to convince the government that protecting the modesty of a woman is as important as any other function of the government. \"A woman is a mother but why can't the government take steps to protect women,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14890950", "title": "Katie Holmes 'didn't get lump sum in divorce settlement'", "text": "Tom Cruise didn't have to fork out a lump sum in his divorce settlement with Katie Holmes , but he will pay handsomely in child support, it has been revealed.According to reports, Holmes did not get any money at all in the divorce, which was said to be 50 million dollars, TMZ.com reported.Sources close to Holmes have stressed that she wasn't after Cruise's money in the divorce, but wanted the best for her daughter. As one source put it, \"she has her own money.\"However, the 'Mission Impossible' star is paying \"a lot of money\" in child support for his daughter, Suri, 6, which amounts to \"more than 10 million dollars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14876814", "title": "Crocodile rescued from Harni village", "text": "VADODARA: Friday saw a crocodile making appearance in a Vadodara locality following night long rains, hours after a train hit a herd of cows, killing six of them and injuring three. A goat was also killed when hit by Gujarat Queen Valsad near Bajwa station.The crocodile, a four-and-a-half-feet baby, was spotted by residents of Harni village near Harni talao in the wee hours of the morning. \"The reptile had probably crawled out of the pond after polluted rain water from the industrial area entered the pond. It slipped under a lorry when it couldn't crawl past a wall near the pond, where it was spotted by early risers,\" said Rakesh, a volunteer with crocodile group, who was woken up at 4.30 am by a cop from the nearby police beat to come and rescue the reptile.Though, the NGO is on strike in protest against some remarks made by a forest officer, the volunteer went to the spot after informing the rescue centre and controlled the crowd movement while waiting for the staff to arrive. \"We didn't want any harm to come to either the crocodile or the onlookers,\" he said. The croc was taken to the rescue centre around 5.30 am. There are nearly four crocodiles in Harni Talao, the volunteers disclosed.Meanwhile, volunteers also rushed to the accident site at Bajwa station where six cows died on the tracks when hit by the train on Thursday night.\"The three injured cows, which were bleeding, were provided medical aid and given pain killer injections,\" Rakesh said. The cows had strayed on to the railway tracks somehow when the oncoming train hit them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871254", "title": "Thousands pray at 'mosque' site", "text": "NEW DELHI: The discovery of Mughal-era ruins near Jama Masjid drew thousands of worshippers to the site on Friday. Delhi Police said close to 9,000 people offered namaaz at the site, believed to contain remains of the 17th-century Akbarabadi Masjid that was demolished by the British after the Revolt of 1857.Police said members of the Muslim community led by Matia Mahal MLA Shoaib Iqbal took ownership of the remains and initiated steps to repair and preserve them. \"This mosque is associated with the freedom movement of 1857. People used to gather here and plan strategies against the British rule. On Friday, people offered prayers here after 155 years. Delhi Police and the administration, too, supported us. We will erect makeshift shades to protect people from the rain while offering namaaz,\" Iqbal said.He added that Friday prayers will be regularly offered henceforth.There were also reports of traffic disruption while namaaz was being offered. \"People began assembling at the spot from 12.15pm and they peacefully offered namaaz around 1.30pm. They later left the spot. We arranged security for them and ensured there were no protesters outside. Reports of some Hindu organizations holding counter sit-ins is not correct,\" said a police officer. Later, at the police headquarters, officers said the build-up for the prayers began almost a week ago. \"We were aware that people will turn up to offer prayers. But we didn't expect such a huge turnout,\" said an officer, adding that security at the spot was strengthened accordingly.Meanwhile, DMRC officials said that the place where namaaz was offered was some distance away from the location where they were constructing the underground station for Jama Masjid and their work would continue.The Archaeological Survey of India, too, hasn't intervened yet apart from confirming last week that the ruins belong to the Mughal Age. They have, however, not confirmed if these belong to the lost mosque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14873835", "title": "Denizens a harried lot as rostering goes over 8 hours", "text": "KANPUR: The industrial city on Friday witnessed power rostering for over eight hours. The rostering began from 2.30 am on Thursday night and was restored after three hours at 5.30 am.The second round of rostering took place from 10.25 am to 11.25 am but the power was not restored.The Kesco extended the power rostering upto 2 pm but the power was restored after an hour at 3 pm. By this time, the city had already faced powercut for seven and half hours. But once again the city faced rostering at 8.30 pm and at the time of filling of this report, there was no power.AKS Chauhan, spokesperson for Kesco informed that the severe power rostering took place due to fall in thermal power production at different thermal power plants across the state.He said that the production, which used to be 2400 Megawatts slipped to only 1600 Megawatts, forcing UPPCL to conduct rostering.\"The performance of the power plants dipped today, which resulted into massive powercuts today\", said AKS Chauhan while talking to TOI.But the city is facing powercut in the similar fashion each day. On Thursday, the rostering was done from 11.30 am to 2.30 pm.The severe power rostering taking place in the industrial town has affected the lives of the people. They have to rely on generators and inverters.The Kesco on the other hand says that the rostering is done by UPPCL in the entire city in one go but when the faults take place it falls under the jurisdiction of Kesco.All in all, the official hours of rostering coupled with snags has been causing 7-8 hours of powercut in the industrial city, which is resulting in heavy losses to industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871077", "title": "Corporation suspends 2 engineers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The East Delhi Municipal Corporation has suspended two engineers for dereliction of duties.According to senior officials, the two officers didn't take any action against unauthorized construction in the area.The suspension order of executive engineer Vipin Kumar and assistant engineer Ravi Kant, who are working with the building department of Shahdara (North) zone, was issued by the additional commissioner of the East corporation.\"As per commissioner's order, we are carrying out massive drive against illegal construction in the area. These two officers had failed in curbing unauthorized construction in their respective areas,'' said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14875751", "title": "Kashmir films: The azadi to choose own narrative", "text": "There's an irony about the latest fuss over a Channel 4 film on Kashmir. It's that the Kashmir valley has no cinema halls \u2014 an outcome of Islamist diktat in 1990. Cinema, like music, kite flying, wearing \"skimpy\" clothes (for women) and drinking alcohol are haraam, designed to promote vice. In the last more than two decades, people here have reconciled to this drab existence \u2014 they are happy to have their kicks outside the Valley, like the women who shed their veils the moment the aircraft lands in Delhi.However, for journalists, filmmakers, activists and now writers, Kashmir is very different. For 20 years, it has been one big multiplex, with a shikara ride and wazwan thrown in for free. Kashmir offers the choice of so many narratives that anyone can come and with utmost sincerity tell a story that uncovers the truth.Jezza Nuemann has done just that: produced a tightly directed film on Kashmir which makes for a gripping watch. Stories of torture and statistics, of murders and disappearances that would move all but the stone hearted. It's apparently got Kashmir laid bare, backed by statistics: One lakh people dead, 8,000 disappeared and, most shockingly, \"two out of every three men in Kashmir are tortured by security forces\".For Nuemann, on his first visit to Kashmir, the help and guidance provided by Pervez Imroz, a leading human rights activist in the Valley, is obvious. Indeed, Imroz is the hero of the documentary. His quiet courage and devotion to his task come through. The government's response has been to block the documentary on social networking sites.But if Nuemann had instead landed in Srinagar and driven straight to the Gupkar road home of chief minister Omar Abdullah , what sort of a film would he have made? He would have been told that the figure of 100,000 dead since 1990 is fiction, for other than the government, no agency \u2014 including the Hurriyat or Imroz \u2014 has compiled any data on the dead.And the government figure of 45,000 dead includes 20,000 militants and 16,000 Kashmiri civilians killed by the militants.The figure of 8,000 disappeared is, again, without supporting data. In 2011, Association of Parents of Disappeared Persons (APDP) produced a list of some 500 names. Nuemann would have had the same gut wrenching interviews of lives destroyed by bullets and torture, of women raped and grieving sisters, except this time the bad guys would have been militants.Then, Nuemann would have faced the same hostility that another filmmaker Ashwin Kumar did on social networking sites. Ashwin's last film, 'Inshallah Kashmir', was released this year. Like Channel 4, Ashwin, too, focused on the torture and violence faced by Kashmiris, except he included victims of both security forces and militants. The result: Ashwin became a \"state agent\" for many of his former fans in Kashmir.The only thing in common with both these narratives is the cast of characters. Unemployed youth and stone-pelters fighting \"ideological\" wars. The kind who hold government contracts and start \"I Protest\" pages on Facebook; who send their kids to schools faraway from the turmoil but applaud when schools are shut for five months in Srinagar. In this revolving door of narratives, there is one for every taste and inclination.For many journalists from Delhi, Indian and foreign, Kashmir is a relief from the heat of the plains with the benefit of a story thrown in. So a friend's wedding or a seminar on Sufism or just a visit to family from distant shores, is also an opportunity to \"document\" the conflict, or sometimes to pronounce Kashmir happy or oppressed. You can, like a former Union minister recently, celebrate your wife's birthday and also toss in a small session with intellectuals to plump for your new book.The government's attempt to stifle the Channel 4 documentary is as futile as the anxiety of Kashmir's chroniclers that a literature festival would damage the cause by showcasing \"normalcy\". The 70 lakh people who live here know every side of this rainbow of narratives. They know that thousands have been killed, raped, tortured by both militants and security forces in this dirty war. They know there are no jobs in Kashmir because nobody will invest here. They listen with gritted teeth to their leaders in Delhi applaud when teachers are beaten by their students and schools shut for Friday namaaz or when posters extolling the hijab are forcibly put up in their daughter's classrooms.This war of narratives is being fought everywhere, in newspapers and books, in TV studios and on Facebook. Most often, it preaches to the converted. So, those who fear Kashmir will be normal and those who acclaim its normalcy need not fear. Kashmir shall serve them well. All you need is a prism to decide the flavour you want for your narrative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14872578", "title": "Rachpal Singh accuses travel body of driving tourists away", "text": "KOLKATA: A war of words broke out between state tourism minister Rachpal Singh and organizers of the Travel &amp; Tourism Fair (TTF) - one of the biggest travel shows in India - here on Friday after the minister accused the organizers of TTF, Fairfest, of taking benefits from the government and doing very little to promote the state's tourism sector.Turning the heat back on the state government, Fairfest, which is also one of the leading tourism promoting bodies, said the new government is very unprofessional towards handling tourism.Sanjiv Agarwal, chairman and CEO, Fairfest, said, \"West Bengal tourism minister Rachpal Singh's perception about tourism is unprofessional and childish.\"While inaugurating the 96th edition of the travel and tourism fair at the Netaji Indoor Stadium, Singh pointed out that the promoters of the fair were keen to take away tourists to other states from West Bengal and did very little to bring tourists to the state. \"I must say I am very unhappy with the organizers. It is unfair that the promoters allotted space at the fair ground at such high rates - Rs 10,000 per sq ft - and many small tour operators couldn't book space here owing to that,\" said Singh.According to Singh, small tour operators play a significant role to ensure that the state's tourism flourishes and without involving them the promoters are giving a negative vibe which may lead to West Bengal lagging behind in the country's tourism scenario. can push West Bengal behind in the country's tourism scenario.Agarwal later retaliated by saying that the minister should get a proper idea about the figures and then express his opinion. \"The space has been allotted at Rs 1000 per sq ft and there were a number of small tour operators that booked space in the fair. Participants from the host state were allotted space at a minimum 40% discount and they were provided equal opportunities to showcase their state,\" Agarwal said.\"Fairfest,\" he said, \"has organized travel and tourism fairs in ten states across the country and West Bengal has been participating in all those fairs as well. The former state government also used to participate in the fair and had there presence in the fairs taking place outside West Bengal. The government has to find its own feet to get prominence in the tourism map.\" Agarwal said.The minister said that the promoters should have organized roadshows promoting state's tourism. He cited that the government's spending towards tourism has increased massively.\"In 2010-2011, the state made a budgetary allocation of Rs 36 crore, which was scaled up to Rs 90 crore for 2012-2013. Besides, CM Mamata Banerjee has also issued orders that Kolkata Municipal Corporation, Sunderban Development Authority, urban development department and all the municipalities will have to earmark funds for developing tourism infrastructure. This would add up to a total spending of around Rs 310 crore for tourism development in 2012-2013,\" he added.The tourism department has drawn up a Rs 50-crore plan to develop Dooars as an ideal tourism destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872917", "title": "No headway yet in Bangalore carjack case", "text": "BANGALORE: Motorcycle-borne robbers seem to have moved on from chain-snatching - they're now targeting motorists and even taking away their cars.Karthik Selvaraj, 25, an executive with a private firm from Bellandur, is a recent victim. He was returning to his Nethaji Colony home in New Thippasandra around 11.15pm Wednesday. Two men on a motorcycle (TN 29-AJ 6169) waylaid him near Richards Park on Pottery Road near Frazer Town.The motorcyclists made him get down from the car, and snatched his mobile and Rs 20,000 in cash before fleeing with his car (KA 03-ML 9647).\"Karthik claimed the entire incident was over in only 15 minutes. But there are some lose ends. Though Karthik is a resident of New Thippasandra, we're checking what he was doing on Pottery Road. The mobile snatched from him is still switched off, making it difficult to trace its location. The car may have been abandoned somewhere and we're trying to find it,\" police investigating the case told TOI.Police suspect the motorcycle is from Hosur in Tamil Nadu. \"We have alerted Tamil Nadu police and are checking the ownership of the two-wheeler so that we can trace the original owner. We're waiting for a response from Tamil Nadu police,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14878349", "title": "Ludhiana suffers more sleepless nights", "text": "LUDHIANA: Unscheduled power cuts that last many hours have residents of Brown Road, parts of Kidwai Nagar and Muhalla Sukhram squirming in discomfort as they battle high humidity between rain spells.After a three-hour-long outage on Thursday night, residents complain that Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) is troubling them. Prateek Bajaj, a student from Brown Road, said, \"Power cuts are unbearable in the humid weather. On Thursday night too we had to face the wrath of non-serious PSPCL officials. Earlier PSPCL took refuge in the fact that there was shortage of power due to lack of rain but even after monsoon has set in the power scenario has not improved at all.\"Muhammad Khalid, a businessman staying in Muhalla Sukhram, said, \"On Thursday, power went off without warning at 9.10pm and was restored only after three hours at 12.10am and everyone had to suffer without power. It was horrible because the humidity was also very high. The number of unscheduled power cuts in our area has gone up in the last few days. PSPCL should stop troubling people and at least now give a break from unscheduled power cuts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14870547", "title": "Corporator's husband creates ruckus", "text": "AKOLA: Frustrated over not solving the issue of Urdu school construction Mahboob Khan alias Mabba Pahelwan, created a ruckus in the hall of standing committee of Akola Municipal Corporation and damaged the furniture on Thursday. Khan is the husband of corporator Shahin Anjum. Eversince the issue cropped up Mabba Pahelwan has been persuading the matter but he got frustrated due to the dilly-dallying tactics of the officials, which has resulted in delaying the construction.On Thursday, a meeting was called to discuss the long pending demands of teachers. Mabba Pahelwan attended the meeting and when the issue of construction came up and remained unsolved he created a ruckus and in a fit of rage damaged the furniture.Of late the AMC has become a den for unauthorized persons. Husbands of the women corporators, relatives and supporters of the corporators attend the meetings and creating commotion in every meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14873219", "title": "Vedanthangal sanctuary to close as birds fly back home", "text": "CHENNAI: It's time to hang your binoculars as the 200-year-old Vedanthangal and Karakili bird sanctuaries will officially close for the season on Sunday.As the water bodies at these places, about 80km from Chennai, have dried up, the number of migratory birds is dwindling. All the four water bodies of Vedanthangal are nearly dried up. Nearly 80% of the birds here are migratory.\"Intense heat in the summer and absence of summer showers have dried water sources around the sanctuary. Due to this, many birds started to leave the sanctuary from early June,\" said a state forest official.Despite the extreme heat, the total number of birds in January this year was around 55,000, which is 5,000 more than last year. The migratory season here is between November and June when birds flock to the water bodies around the sanctuary which are brimming with fish and shade for the winged visitors to nest. Spread over 73 acres off the Grand Southern Trunk (GST) Road, the sanctuary is home to 26 rare bird species that come from various parts of the world, including Russia, Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Europe, Chile and Brazil. Some of the migratory birds that have visited the sanctuary during this season are little cormorant, night heron, grey heron, spoonbill, little egret, large egret, white ibis, cattle egret, pintail, common teal, ducks, dab chick, Indian moorhen, darters and open-bill stork.The flow of tourists, especially, those from abroad has increased by around 20%. The number of visitors between November 2011 and June 2012 was around two lakh. Tourist friendly initiatives, including package tours and improved infrastructure facilities, are some of the reasons for the rise in tourist flow. Additional toilets, water taps, concrete pathways, an interpretation centre, two additional smaller towers for visitors to have a close look at the rare species have been set up here.Vedanthangal was developed as a bird sanctuary by the British in 1798 and formally established as a sanctuary in 1858 by the order of the collector of the Chengalpet district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14873890", "title": "280 vehicles challaned under drive against underage driving", "text": "JAIPUR: Continuing its drive against underage driving and autos which flout the rules while carrying school children in the city, the traffic police challaned nearly 280 vehicles outside 11 schools in the city on Friday.According to DCP, traffic, Lata Manoj Kumar, several complaints had been received recently regarding traffic congestion outside schools because drivers of the autos and other vehicles carrying school children flouting rules.\"We challaned 280 vehicles including students who were driving vehicles without license. About 100 traffic wardens were roped in during the drive on Friday,\" said the officer.She added that traffic policemen also held counseling on traffic rules for students and their parents. \"We tried to make them understand that following the traffic rules is must for their own safety. Some parents don't mind letting their under-aged children drive vehicles,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14870499", "title": "Boy sans legs operated upon", "text": "CUTTACK: Karunakar Goud (7), who was found on the railway tracks in Bhubaneswar on Thursday with amputated legs, underwent surgery at SCB Medical College and Hospital on Friday. \"His legs were operated upon to avoid infection. His condition is critical,\" said Dr B N Moharana, emergency officer of SCB.'We will try to provide artificial limbs to the child after his condition improves,\" he added. The child lost both his legs below the knee after coming under the wheels of a goods train. Karunakar's father Puskar had allegedly committed suicide by jumping before a running train and he had also tried to kill his son by tying him to his waist. His grandparents, who came to the hospital on Friday, said strained relationship between Puskar and his wife prompted him to take the extreme step.\"Puskar and his wife worked as labourers in Karnataka and used to quarrel always.They had a fight over some issue and Puskar left home in a huff with his son,\" said Khadal Goud, the boy's grandfather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14873042", "title": "Rowdy-sheet likely to be opened against Kaleem", "text": "HYDERABAD: West Zone police are contemplating opening a history-sheet against Kaleem, the brother of alleged South India chief of terror outfit Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami (HuJI) Shaik Abdul Khaja alias Amjad, for his alleged role in abducting and assaulting a teenager recently.City police said the New Melting Pot hookah centre at Banjara Hills was being run by Khaja's bothers Kaleem and Qadeer along with a few others and was opened a few months ago. Kaleem, Qadeer, Saif and others are accused of kidnapping and assaulting a customer, Deepak,19, as he failed to clear the arrears of Rs 18,000 after hosting a party for his friends at the hookah centre.Taken aback after finding that Kaleem and Qadeer are brothers of Khaja, police have started probing their antecedents to check if they too have any terror links. It is learnt that police are probing the source of money behind the hookah business. Apparently, a case was booked against Kaleem at Kushaiguda police station for supplying multiple SIM cards to Khaja.Khaja was nabbed by IB at Chennai when he arrived there from Sri Lanka in January 2010. Subsequently, the city police arrested him. During the interrogation, Khaja said that he was planning to conduct serial blasts at Hyderabad and several other places in the country. In addition to the state police, Khaja is listed as an accused by the West Bengal police in some cases. He is currently lodged at Warangal central prison.\"We are planning to open a history-sheet against Kaleem and few others and keep a watch on their movements,'' Banjara Hills inspector E Chandrashekar Goud told TOI. Presently, Kaleem is in the custody of police while Qadeer and others are on the run.Meanwhile, Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma directed that all the hookah centres should operate only between 12 pm and 9 pm and that orders have been issued to various police stations to ensure that the timings are not flouted by anyone. Besides, hookah centre organisers have been asked to maintain a register and enter the details of customers. Orders have also been issued to ensure that no minor indulges in hookah smoking anywhere in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14876123", "title": "New multi-level bridge on Athwalines Road", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation's (SMC) ambitious cable-stayed bridge project is nearly 32 per cent complete. Hence, the bridge cell officials are now thinking to build a multi-level bridge on Surat-Dumas Road to create a new junction to eliminate the traffic problems at Athwalines.The work for the cable-stayed bridge is on at both sides of Tapi river at Adajan-Pal and Athwalines for past 15 months. The 951-metre bridge to be built at the cost of Rs 143.64 crore will have a unique 300 metre of cable portion in the middle. The project is likely to be ready by June 2013.However, towards Athwalines side, it would be very difficult for the commuters to move to and fro the bridge in the absence of an approach to it.\"Once the multi-level bridge on Surat-Dumas Road is ready, people will be able to go up to Adajan via the cable-stayed bridge and get down towards Parle Point,\" said SMC city engineer Jatin Shah.SMC bridge cell's AN Mahida said, \"We are working on the bridge's final details and technicalities. This project is for the purpose of creating a junction for the cable-stayed bridge. It will be a separate project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14870297", "title": "Rescue called off, no trace of miners", "text": "SHILLONG: The rescue operation for at least 10 miners trapped inside a coal pit in South Garo Hills district since Friday has been called off as the 14-hour intense search failed to yield results. The mission also posed a threat to the life of the rescuers.\"The National Disaster and Rescue Force (NDRF) called off their mission to rescue the trapped miners. They have submitted a report citing that they found no bodies in the coal pit,\" deputy commissioner RP Marak said.The trained divers carried out an intense search in the mine, going over 100 meters below the earth's surface till late Thursday night. \"The rescue personnel descended into the mine on Thursday, but failed to find any miner trapped inside despite using state-of-the-art equipment,\" the DC said.Marak said the rescue mission had to be abandoned as the walls of the \"rat-hole\" mine was on the verge of collapse after water seeped in.The district authorities had earlier ordered a judicial enquiry into the incident. Three persons, the mine owner, a foreman of a clan and a head labourer, were arrested and booked for causing death due to negligence.Extensive unscientific mining of coal reserves in Meghalaya, especially in the Garo and Jaintia Hills districts, have not only resulted in human casualties but also caused several environmental problems such as land degradation, water and air pollution.The coal fields of Garo and Jaintia Hills are small and are spread out in different patches over an area of about 70 sq km. \"Due to large-scale rat-hole mining, there are various types of environmental problems occurring in the coal mining areas of the state,\" said an official.The most serious problems due to coal mining are acute scarcity of potable water, deforestation, soil erosion, water pollution, land subsidence, air pollution, creation of wasteland, encroachment of forest and agricultural land and loss to human lives, a study pointed out.Emphasizing that it is high time the authorities took necessary steps to improve the environmental conditions in the mining area, experts suggested planting of trees and shrubs to reduce soil erosion, thereby pre-empting caving in of the coal mines, which lead to human casualties.Suitable dumping grounds need to be prepared for mine waste disposal, the study said. Overall mass awareness needs to be urgently created to control unscientific coal mining as well as to prevent further environmental degradation, experts emphasize.According to the findings of the North East India Council for Social Science Research, the large-scale dumping of consolidated and unconsolidated material overlying coal seams near the adjoining mined areas has created coal mine spoils which are generally unfavourable for growth and development of plants. Acute acidity, nutrient deficiency, sandy nature of the spoil and increase in soil erosion characterizes the mine spoil in the coal mining areas of the state.A study carried out a few years back to determine the extent of damage caused by mining to the landscape, soil, vegetation and water bodies at Bapung in Jaintia Hills called for scientific management of mining and immediate eco-restoration of degraded mining areas. \"A part of revenue earned through coal mining operations must be set aside for the rehabilitation of the coal mining affected areas,\" the report had suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14874131", "title": "Encroachment adds to woes of denizens", "text": "VARANASI: Apart from water logged and damaged roads and heavy vehiclular congestion what restrict the traffic movement in the rain drenched city is heavy encroachment by commercial and informal sector.Encroachment has not only affected the daily life of commuters, also slow traffic movement and a chaotic environment presents a bad picture of the aesthetic beauty of the old city areas from Maidagin to Dashaswamedh ghat through Chowk, Banpathak and Gyanwapi areas. While the area is already congested with narrow width of the roads and good tourist inflow, the condition becomes worse with sign boards, make shift shops and other temporarily structured stores operating in the area round the year.According to a report of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewable Mission (JNNURM), the commercial encroachment in the old parts of the city reduces the available space on all the roads leading to the ghats and the already congested area coupled with encroachment make it the most chaotic and congested areas of the city.One can find no space to walk properly on the most important and busiest Nai Sarak area, while the same road looks wider when the markets are shut at night. It is noteworthy that, the area is heavily encroached by cloth vendors, makeshift stalls selling accessories, eatables, and other household items. The close vicinity of Nai Sarak area with Godowlia and Dalmandi markets have increased the pressure. The number of vendors and encroached area of already built shops are increasing leaving little space for daily commuters to move.While a number of new makeshift stores, vendors and mobile markets are operating from morning to late evening at several places in the city, a number of them have developed temporary structures and are functioning as permanent stores round the year.While passing through the Maidagin towards Visheshwarganj, a number of makeshift stores, vendors, cloth merchants and other commercial establishment can be seen operating in temporarily structures in the area. It is noteworthy that the area is frequented by a huge number of wholesalers and retailers and invites customers and businessmen from several places of the district.Apart from old city areas, commercial encroachment is also witnessed at Maidagin, Lahurabir, Lanka, Bhelupur, Rathyatra, Sigra and trans Varuna areas. According to the report of JNNURM, the area beyond the old town area up to GT Road in the north have wider roads as compared to the old town area but the roads are still congested and are fully encroached on both sides creating chaos for the passers by.According to SK Patel, vice chairman, Varanasi Development Authority (VDA), the responsibility to look after the commercial encroachment is on Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN). \"No anti-encroachment drives are carried out by VDA. We only demolish the unauthorised construction on roads, markets and residential areas when the appeal of the owner is rejected by the government\", informed Patel.If the claim of VNN is to be believed, the anti-encroachment drives are carried out three to four days in a week even though additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh believes, \"There is no particular area, which is considered highly encroached, infact all the areas of the city are encroached\". Blaming it on police department, Singh said, \"First an announcement about the drive is made before demolishing such establishments after that responsibility is given to police department to look after the restructuring of such establishment on the road sides\".Newly elected mayor, Ram Gopal Mohale said, \"Although the planning to make the city free from encroachment will be done after the oath ceremony, every step will be taken to make the city free from civic amenities, traffic, encroachment and other problems in two months time\".Monsoon worsens sanitary conditionsThe brief sunshine after short spell of rains has worsened the sanitary conditions of the city. The simultaneous rains and sunshine is not only rottening the garbage dumped at Benia Bagh, Maldahiya, Godowalia, Kabir Chaura and other areas, the unattended clutter and unswept lanes and bylanes in the city are also giving foul smell apart from presenting a bad picture of the city's civic conditions. Continuous water logging at several places along with withered and damaged raods are also creating troubles for passers by. The condition is worse in localities in low level areas of the city including Mahmoorganj, Bazardiha, Tulsipur, Ranipur, Kakarmatta, Chawkaghat and adjoining areas as most of these have turned into pool of stagnant water. Few areas are also facing water logging due to blocked drains and overflowing sewage revealing the preparedness of Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) for the rainy season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14876705", "title": "Row over death of man arrested in gambling raid", "text": "VADODARA: The death of a man whom the police had nabbed during a gambling raid in Sureli village of Kalol taluka in Panchmahal district has raked up a major controversy and a first class judicial magistrate is now conducting an inquiry in the matter. Kiran Patel was allegedly spotted with a group during the raid and tried to run away, but was nabbed and died soon after.The incident took place late on Thursday afternoon at Sureli when a team of police officials led by PSI H B Chaudhary of Vejalpur police station raided a spot where a group was believed to be gambling. On seeing the police, members of the group started to run but Patel was nabbed after a chase.Patel was said to be breathing heavily while being taken to Vejalpur police station. Deputy superintendent of police N R Agrawal said Patel's brother-in-law had a cycle repair shop opposite the police station and was called immediately. \"He took him to a doctor where Patel died,\" Agrawal said.According to police, the incident was registered as an accidental death. The deceased's family suspect that Patel may have been beaten up by the police. \"But even they are not saying this with conviction and only the postmortem report can throw light on the cause of death,\" Agrawal said.The first class judicial magistrate at Kalol also commenced an inquiry in the matter and legal procedures were conducted in his presence on Friday. The body was sent to SSG Hospital at Vadodara on Friday evening for an autopsy that will be conducted on Saturday.While the raid did not confirm any gambling activity, Patel was detained as he and others had started to run away. Agrawal said it was due to this suspicious behaviour that Patel and another person was detained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870582", "title": "Cops with links to criminals will face action: Home minister", "text": "MUMBAI: Assuring action against police inspector Sanjay Shinde, suspended for his involvement in the Vijay Palande-Simran Sood case, home minister RR Patil on Friday hinted that more heads could roll if men in khaki are found to be aiding or abetting culprits.In a reply to allegations that the Mumbai police's crime branch bungled the case and senior IPS and police officers were reportedly associated with the accused, Patil told the legislative assembly that nobody will be spared. \"Action will be taken, no matter how senior the officer is,\" said Patil.The proposal to dismiss Shinde from the force was recently rejected by the DG's office on technical grounds. Earlier, without naming anyone, leader of the Opposition in the assembly Eknath Khadse had demanded Shinde's immediate dismissal and a probe into his links with senior police officers.In the Laila Khan case, Patil lauded the crime branch's role and dismissed Opposition's claims that the police had botched up the investigation.Patil, who was forced to resign following the 26/11 terror attack, warned senior police officers to be prepared to face the music if a lapse on their part leads to another strike on Mumbai. \"Those found involved in any illegal activity will note be spared either,\" said the minister.Senior Mumbai police officers have been facing heat over charges of corruption in terror-response purchases, including procurement of speed boats, containment vessels and bomb suits. \"Fighting terrorism and Naxalism must remain officers' top priority,\" Patil said. He added that the state has already implemented all recommendations of the Ram Pradhan Committee, which was set up to suggest measures to prevent terror strikes in the city.Defending senior NCP minister Fauzia Khan over her alleged terror links with terror suspect Abu Jundal, Patil said the allegations were completely baseless and have already been proved wrong. \"There is no truth in these allegations,\" he said.Among other measures announced to improve law and order situation in the state, Patil said a committee of senior officials from the home department will be set up to study Maharashtra's plummeting conviction rate, now near 9%. The state is also devising new strategy to fight Naxalism, he said. \"As far as crime is concerned, Maharashtra is one of the safest states in the country,\" Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14878984", "title": "Water released in Kali Bein after Dasuya polls", "text": "JALANDHAR: Around 100 cusecs of water was released into Kali Bein a day after polling in Dasuya constituency got over. Water was earlier stopped on July 5 after a few influential persons built pressure on a minister of the state government for vested interests.Officials of drainage department said farmers were in dire need of the water in the Bein and they were using it directly to irrigate their paddy fields. They added that the flowing water was also helping to maintain the underground water table when tubewells were continuously pumping it out especially when rains have yet to start properly, the officials said. They revealed that more water could also be released into the Bein as it would be easily accommodated and farmers along the upstream and downstream stretches would also be benefited.Official sources disclosed that a few farmers wanted to avoid crossing their land from a bridge which was at a distance but directly from the bed of the Bein. During campaigning they asked a minister of the state government about it and blackmailed a few ruling party politicians to stop water for getting their votes. Politicians obliged and verbal instructions were issued to stop the water without any cogent reason. Several farmers whose lands are located along the Bein have rued the stopping of water release in the Bein.In the scorching heat, the fish at Kankhli wetland also gets continuous supply of fresh water especially when some villages are still throwing their dirty water into the Bein. Farmers of Sultanpur Lodhi area - which is located along the downstream stretch - also use the Bein water for irrigation and the performance of their tubewells is also dependent on recharging of the underground water table with Bein water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi/sasaram", "code": "14871169", "title": "Howrah line hit as goods train derails in Bihar", "text": "NEW DELHI/SASARAM: Twenty six wagons of a goods train derailed near Bhabua station in Bihar's Kaimur district in the wee hours of Friday morning, disrupting the movement of around 70 trains in the Howrah-New Delhi route.The incident has brought services in the busy Gaya-Mughalsarai section of the East Central Railway (ECR) to a complete halt. At least six trains to and from the capital have been cancelled while over 16 others have been diverted.Almost all up and down trains ran late on Friday.Mughalsarai DRM Anup Kumar said the repair work will take at least 15 hours but the incessant rain might stretch it to 36 hours. A technical fault is believed to have caused the accident. No casualties have been reported yet.Sources said that about 9.20 pm on Thursday, the driver of the goods train heading for Aligarh from Dhanbad, felt a jerk near the east home signal of Durgawati railway station about 50 km from Rohtas district headquarters Sasaram, when the train, at the speed of 70 km per hour, was passing through reversible Up line.Out of a total 46 coaches, 26 derailed. On hearing of the derailment, the villagers rushed to the site. Soon after the incident, movement of trains was stopped on the section. An accident relief train and cranes took about five hours to reach the site, hardly 45 km from Mughalsarai. Sources said the ECR GM and DRM reached the spot about 7 am on Friday along with other officials. The DRM said 350 labourers were engaged in debris removal work.ECR general manager Varun Bharthuar, who is still camping at the site to supervise the track restoration work, said high powered cranes are being used to lift the derailed wagons. Meanwhile, the railways has opened helpline centres at Gaya, Mughalsarai and Dhanbad stationsfor convenience of passengers. About 500 reserved tickets were cancelled at half-a-dozen stations of the section on Friday incurring huge loss for the railways.The trains that were cancelled Friday included Delhi-Howrah Janata Express (up and down), Lal Quila Express (Kolkata-New Delhi), Udayan Abha Toofan Express (Howrah-New Delhi) and Mahabodhi Express (Gaya-New Delhi).As the incoming trains arrived late, at least three Rajdhanis - Bhubaneswar, Sealdah and Howrah - left New Delhi station four to five hours behind schedule. They have been diverted either through Mughalsarai-Jhajja section or Barakana-Chopan-Chunar route. While the Sealdah Duranto and Puri Express were rerouted through Gomoh and Chopan instead of the Mughalsarai-Patna route.The route of Shipra Express has been diverted for the day and it will travel via Chopan, Singrauli and Katni. This train, officials said, would miss its stop at Allahabad station owing to the diversion.Orissa Sampark Kranti - an important train plying between New Delhi and Bhubaneswar - has been diverted via Manikpur-Katni, while Neelanchal Express, another train connecting New Delhi with Puri in Odisha, has been diverted via Mughalsarai and Patna.Passengers at the New Delhi railway station said they were not informed about the late arrivals. \"I am travelling with my family including a child. Look at the lack of cleanliness here as we wait for another round of announcements from the railways. This has been one nightmarefrom 4 pm,'' said Kaushik Sen, waiting for the Sealdah Rajdhani. The train was to leave at 5 pm but was rescheduled for 10 pm. Passengers arriving late claimed there was severe water and food shortage at smaller stations between Gaya and Kanpur. ``We bought water for Rs 30 a litre from local vendors as railways arranged for these provisions only at the bigger stations,'' said Utkarsh Sharma who arrived in the Swarn Jayanti Express.Northern Railway officials, however, claimed that adequate arrangements have been made to provide tea, water and refreshments to the passengersof trains regulated at Varanasi, Kashi and Vyas Nagar stations of Lucknow Division. Northern Railway has opened several helpline numbers to assist passengers at stations.Helpline numbers are operational at Old Delhi station (011-23962389, 011-23962332), New Delhi (011-23341074, 011-23342954), Varanasi (0542-2504658) and Lucknow (0522-2635844, 09794830973, 09794830975).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14878577", "title": "That Rs 500 note in your hand could be a fake", "text": "LUDHIANA: That Rs 500 note in your hand could be a fake. For, the police are receiving many cases of counterfeit currency making their way into Chandigarh through Pakistan via Ludhiana and other districts of Punjab.Fake notes \u2014 which mostly come in the denominations of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 \u2014 are smuggled first to different districts of Punjab that share border with Pakistan. And after crossing various levels, these reach the city. The agents obtain Rs 1 lakh in fake currency at a cost of Rs 40,000 to Rs 70,000. These startling facts came to light during investigations into such cases.The menace is fast spreading its tentacles. On Wednesday, counterfeit currency of Rs 85,000 was found in the cash of State Bank of India here.Anokh Singh, investigation officer of the case, said, \"It is difficult to differentiate a fake note from the original one. We are trying to ascertain its source. In most of the cases, these are smuggled into India from Pakistan border and then circulated in different parts of Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh and Himachal Pradesh.\"Even bank officials admitted that it was difficult to ascertain the authenticity of each note at the cash counter.O P Bhagat, case manager at treasury branch of SBI in Sector 7, said, \"Every day, cash of around 30 branches comes here. Though we try our best to ensure no fake note is accepted, these somehow enter the cash.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14873208", "title": "20 years after theft, HC tells collector to return idols", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has given direction to the collector to restore the idols and other materials stolen from the Lord Shri Gopalasamy Hill Temple in 1992. The idols are now lying in the property room of the district court which was recovered a month after the incident.Although all those arrested in connection with the case were acquitted and the case was closed, lack of initiative from the HR &amp; CE, which controls the temple, resulted in the idols lying in court custody without any puja being performed for almost 20 years.The court order was based on a petition filed by a devotee directing the respondents to return the idols to the temple situated in Ayyan Paraipatti along the Madurai-Rajapalayam highway. The court has given direction to the collector to file application to restore the precious materials in 3 months.The petitioner B Vijay Karthikeyan said, \"When I visited the temple recently, the priest told me that the stolen idols have not been restored causing agony to the devotees.\"An investigation by Karthikeyan revealed that the Madurai sessions court had sentenced five accused, who were arrested in 1992, to seven years of rigorous imprisonment in this case. It also directed the idols to be handed over to the Madurai district collector.The accused, however, filed an appeal before the high court and it acquitted all of them by an order dated 21 February, 2007. But even after the conclusion of the trial, no steps were taken to restore the idols. \"The stolen articles have not been restored to possession of the temple from where they were looted. No one in the HR &amp; CE department has taken any steps to get back the idols,\" said Karthikeyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14873821", "title": "Now, travel to Mangalore in 7 hours", "text": "COIMBATORE: The long awaited Coimbatore-Mangalore intercity express commenced its journey on Friday thereby connecting the cotton city and coastal town of South Karnataka during the day. The train will also link North Kerala towns including Kasargod, Payyanur, Kannur, Thalassery, Vatakara, Kozhikode, Shornur, Ottapalam and Palakkad with Coimbatore.State agriculture minister S Damodaran flagged off the train at 6.20 am from Coimbatore Junction. MLAs SP Velumani and Challenger Durai, mayor SM Velusamy and Salem divisional railway manager Sujatha Jairaj presided over at the inauguration.The new extended train (22610/22609), which is an extension of the Palakkad-Mangalore Intercity Express,has 17 second sitting coaches and one AC coach. The journey to Mangalore involves 7.20 hours and there is no stoppage between Coimbatore and Palakkad.The expected number of hours for the journey is 7.2 without any stop between Coimbatore and Palakkad. The extension of the intercity, which will run on seven days, comes as a boon for many.As a result of the extension, the vehicle and part of the train's earnings will belong to the Salem division of the Southern Railway. The train will start from Coimbatore at 6.20 am and reach Mangalore at 1.40 am. On the return journey, the train will start from Mangalore from 11.45 pm and reach Coimbatore at 7pm.Other than two night trains from Chennai which pass through Coimbatore during odd hours, there was only one passenger train that was operated between Coimbatore and Mangalore hitherto. The new train with reservation facility makes journey more comfortable between the two cities. For Mumbai-bound travelers, they can get connecting train from Mangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14874136", "title": "Deputy CM promises report on irrigation projects before winter session", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will put out a white paper on irrigation projects before the winter session in Nagpur begins, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar announced in the state legislative council on Friday. The proceedings were disrupted thrice over the issue by the Shiv Sena-BJP and other opposition members.Replying to a debate on irrigation projects, Pawar said, \"The government is not against a white paper. It is not possible to table the report in the ongoing monsoon session. It will be tabled before the commencement of the Nagpur session. The cropping pattern has changed, the consumption of water has increased. All these factors must be considered before coming to any conclusion.\"During question-hour session, BJP MLA Pasha Patel raised the issue of cost escalation and delays in irrigation projects. He said legislators and common citizens are perplexed by the different sets of figures from the state administration specifying the quantum of area under irrigation.\"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's statement says there is merely 0.1% rise in irrigation area. Is his claim correct or is the one made by water resources minister Sunil Tatkare's department ?\" Patel said. Tatkare's department has claimed that there is a rise of 5.17% in areas under irrigation.Tatkare said that his department's figures were derived by scientific method and are right. \"A total of Rs 70,000 crore has been spent from 1951 and not in the past ten years. In the last ten years, the department has spent Rs 42,000 crore. The cost includes land procurement, rehabilitation and construction of the project,\" Tatkare added.Shiv Sena leader Diwakar Raote and Ramdas Kadam sought details like actual cost of irrigation projects and their revised escalated cost.Leader of the opposition Vinod Tawde said over Rs 70,000 crore has been spent on irrigation projects but the money has gone down the drain as most projects are incomplete and the area under irrigation has hardly increased. \"A new policy needs to be planned for irrigation projects,\" Tawde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14870130", "title": "Tripura strike against graft in Tripura Joint Entrance Board peaceful", "text": "AGARTALA: A dawn-to-dusk general strike on Friday protesting against alleged corruption in the Tripura Joint Entrance Board (TJEB) was total and by-and-large peaceful.Police arrested about 1,000 picketers from different parts of the state. All government institutions, schools and colleges, business establishments and markets remained closed. Several flights from Guwahati and Kolkata were cancelled, trains and buses could not move to and from Tripura. Traffic stayed off the roads but no major untoward incident has been reported so far.Group clashes in several places of West and South Tripura were reported where about 15 people, including 12 Congress workers, sustained injuries, alleged Congress leaders, adding that the role of police was not independent.\"Police vehicles were used for transporting top officials including chief secretary Dr S K Panda and a few ministers to the civil secretariat but chief minister Manik Sarkar remained absent in the first half of the assembly session; judges were prevented from entering the high court,\" said senior Congress leader Jawhar Saha.The youth and student wing of Tripura Pradesh Congress called a dawn-to-dusk general strike on Friday, seeking a judicial probe by a sitting high court judge and criminal proceedings against the chairman of the TJEB for irregularities in the entrance examination.Saha, however, stated that after seizure of answer scripts and all entrance-related documents from the TJEB, the state government claimed there were no complaints of nepotism or irregularities, which proves how the Left Front government is protecting corrupt officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14873642", "title": "Jharkhand rights panel holds workshop on human rights for senior IAS, IPS officers", "text": "PATNA: The State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) on Friday organized a workshop to sensitize the divisional commissioners, zonal IGs and range DIGs of the state on issues pertaining to SHRC.SHRC chairman Justice (retd) S N Jha and its members Justice (retd) Rajendra Prasad and Neelmani addressed the officials with regard to human rights issues and their role in implementation of the legal provisions to safeguard human rights of the citizens.Two films on manual scavenging and human trafficking produced as per the guidelines of National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) were screened to sensitize the top officials over human rights, which also involve implementation of the laws to stop manual scavenging and human trafficking, Justice Jha told mediapersons.Communication with senior administrative and police officials of the state was important, Justice Jha said, adding that similar workshops would be organized by the SHRC at the divisional level for other officials.He said the NHRC and SHRC want to make people aware of their human rights. Three NHRC booklets on 'Know Your Rights' throwing light on human rights, child labour, rights of elderly people and rights of people with disabilities were distributed on the occasion. SHRC's expectations from the state officials were communicated to them at the workshop.Justice Jha said the SHRC recently ordered an inquiry into custodial deaths under Maner police station in Patna district and under a police station in Aurangabad district.He recalled that the SHRC had in 2009, after junior doctors' strike in PMCH, had directed the state government to identify the doctors responsible and cancel their medical registration. It had also sought petitions from the people affected due to strike so that compensation might be ordered. But the state government submitted a report that the junior doctors concerned could not be identified. Justice Jha said that even people did not come up to seek compensation. Justice Prasad said even the genuine sufferers of the PMCH doctors strike in 2009 did not turn up with petition seeking compensation.Neelmani said filing of petitions regarding human rights violation before SHRC had increased substantially, indicating people's increased confidence in the SHRC working. The number of petitions increased from 2,706 in 2009 to 3,690 in 2010, 3,827 in 2011 and 2,247 till the month of May in 2012. At least 40% petitions pertaining to human rights violation were filed against the police, he said. The complaints included those related to custodial deaths and atrocities on women, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14870392", "title": "Times Music's new song album released", "text": "GUWAHATI: Times Music's new Assamese song album \"Suma\", by actor and singer Nayan Nilim, was released on Friday by handloom, textiles and cultural affairs minister Pranati Phukan and Mehdi Alam Bora, spokesperson of Assam Pradesh Congress Committee (APCC).Nayan Nilim has made a name for himself as an actor in several movies like Rongmon directed by Amol Baruah in 2003 and video feature films \"Junbai\" series, \"Jaanmoni\", \"Pokhila\", \"Damfolar Companir Sakori\", \"Lefafa\" and Rongdhali.Nayan's singing career started in 2010 with his first album \"Abeli\" that had 8 tracks. It became an instant hit with the young and old alike.A particular number - \"patolia boyoxot kumolia mon\" from that album still remains a favourite with youngsters. \"Rather than an actor or a singer, I like being called a cultural activist and I want to go on entertaining people till the last,\" he said.His new album \"Suma\" consists of 10 soft romantic tracks. The songs have been composed by Palash Gogoi, Poran Borkotoki, Pulak Nath and Tarun. The album also has a Hindi version of his previous track.He, along with Partha Pratim, has composed a special track \"tuktuk\" in this album which is very close to his heart. Regarding his association with Times Music, the singer feels it was nothing less than winning an award. Good music, good movies and love from the people of Assam is what he craves for at the end of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14876240", "title": "Supreme Court: Don\u2019t allow Green Tribunal judges to go", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday took exception to the government's shoddy treatment of the members of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) while reacting to a TOI report submitted by the petitioners in an ongoing case.Calling the treatment meted out to the NGT judicial members as \"utterly disgusting\", and the subsequent resignation of justices C V Ramulu and Amit Talukdar from the panel, the apex court ordered that they should be given \"accommodation commensurate with their work\" and also asked the authorities not to accept their resignation till the next date of hearing, slated for August 13.TOI had reported on the resignation of the two NGT judicial members, who were exasperated over the government's 'inability' to find accommodation for them forcing them to stay on a makeshift basis in guesthouses here.\"This Tribunal perhaps is the most important of all in the country. How will they function this way? We find it difficult to tell the Solicitor General every time that this is not good,\" said the two-member bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya.The apex court granted a month to the Union government to find accommodation for the NGT members after solicitor general Rohinton Nariman and additional solicitor general A S Chandhiok assured the SC that immediate steps would be taken to address the issue.The apex court asked the two panel members, who had recently quit, to stay on for a month. \"The authorities concerned shall not accept their resignation till the next date of hearing,\" the bench said.During the hearing it emerged that Talukdar, one of the judges who resigned recently, had been forced to stay at a temple rest house since the Centre failed to provide even a guest house accommodation to him after he joined the Tribunal.TOI had reported that altogether six members had resigned from the NGT since its inception in October, 2010. In fact, most of them quit in exasperation over inadequate facilities, despite the apex court pushing the government on this count in the case filed by Vimal Bhai.Upon court orders, the government had previously agreed to provide Faridkot House for temporary functioning of NGT. However, the panel members' accommodation problem remained unresolved with some living in guest houses for almost a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14873807", "title": "Anxiety can make you age faster", "text": "LONDON: People who suffer from phobic anxiety are more likely to age faster than their calm counterparts, a new study has claimed.Researchers at the Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston found a link between phobic anxiety - an unreasonable fear of certain situations, such as crowds, heights or the outside world - and shorter telomeres in middle-aged and older women.Telomeres are the caps on the ends of chromosomes that protect our genetic material from damage. They are considered markers of biological or cellular aging. Shortened telomeres have been linked to increased risk of cancers, heart disease, dementia and mortality.For the study, the researchers took blood samples from more than 5,000 women aged 42 to 69 years old. They also asked them to fill out a questionnaire about any phobic symptoms that they sufferers. They found that having a high phobic anxiety level was associated with %significantly shorter telomere lengths.The difference in telomere lengths between women who were highly phobic and those who were not was similar to what would be expected between women about six years apart in age.The findings held even after the researchers accounted for factors that might influence the length of telomeres, such as participants' smoking, body mass indexes, physical activity levels and the age of participants' fathers when their children were born.\"Many people wonder about whether -- and how -- stress can make us age faster,\" said study author Dr Olivia Okereke.\"So, this study is notable for showing a connection between a common form of psychological stress - phobic anxiety -- and a plausible mechanism for premature ageing,\" Okereke was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.\"However, this type of study design cannot prove cause-and-effect or which problem came first -- the anxiety or shorter telomeres,\" Okereke said.The results, published online in PLoS ONE, could lead to further prospective investigations relating anxiety to telomere length change, the researchers added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14874129", "title": "Min\u2019s aide assaults junior engineer", "text": "VARANASI: A junior engineer of irrigation department was thrashed by a henchman of a minister in Mirzapur on Thursday night. The irate employees of irrigation department staged a dharna on Friday, demanding immediate arrest of the accused.According to reports, junior engineer Rajesh Yadav was beaten for his refusal to allot rooms in the guesthouse of Bansagar irrigation project. He was beaten up by Sanjay Chaurasia, an aide of a minister in UP.In protest against the incident, the employees of irrigation department boycotted works and sat on dharna, demanding immediate action against Chaurasia. CO (city) A K Rai said that a FIR was lodged against Chaurasia. No arrest had been made.Arms smuggler arrested: In a joint operation of special operation group (SOG) and Azamgarh Kotwali police, an arms smuggler was arrested near the Kotwali on Friday. Acting on a tip-off, S D Yadav, an arms supplier from Bihar was arrested with a country-made rifle, two pistols and cartridges.Body found: A headless body of an unidentified youth was found near Sanjarpur in Azamgarh district on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14877351", "title": "Keralites face legal googly for abetting Pak cricketer", "text": "KOCHI: This Pakistani left-arm pacer has left Kochi police in the lurch.Cricketer Muhammad Junaid Khan escaped the India law last April before enforcement agencies could nab him for violating Indian tourist visa norms, that clearly prevent him from \"involving in any commercial activities''.But facing the legal googly now are two Malayalis - Kunjabdulla of Vadakara and Krishna Kumar of Kochi-based Kichu Films - who face charges of abetting the cricketer to violate visa norms. While Kunjabdulla was the sponsor of the cricketer, Krishna Kumar was the production controller of the ad film featuring Junaid Khan which was shot on the premises of Infopark here.\"Police failed in nabbing him. He left the country before they could react,\" said intelligence officials.The company which facilitated the cricketer's visit has pointed out that they had sought prior permission from the Indian high commissioner in Pakistan for the cricketer's visit to the city. As per the documents, M C Sujil Bose, Group Head (Marketing) of Western International Group, had written to the Indian high commissioner in Pakistan on March 28, 2012 regarding this.The company had submitted Junaid's full itinerary and the purpose of his visit to Kochi between April 14 and April 16.The letter said \"as part of the agreement, we have scheduled the shoot of a television commercial. Junaid has to be there in Kochi for 2 days. The venue for the shoot is Kochi Infopark''. They had also informed the Kochi Commissioner.They opted for Infopark because the rent was low when compared to Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL). While Infopark charged only Rs 15,000 for eight hours, CIAL wanted Rs 25,000 per hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14877035", "title": "For a living, woman snuggles with strangers for $60/hour", "text": "LONDON: A woman from New York has turned hugging and cuddling, which used to be a comforting gesture of companionship between friends and lovers, into a business.Jacqueline Samuel opened The Snuggery last month, a place where, from upwards of $60, clients can snuggle with the petite Master's student in a strictly non-sexual context.Sessions of up to 90 minutes take place in a private room while friends and family members mill around the house offering protection from any over-enthusiastic clients. For those interested in Jackie's services, most of whom are men, a series of FAQs provides information about what clothing to wear and what kind of behaviour is appropriate.Sexual arousal, reads the website, \"is perfectly normal and should not make anyone feel uncomfortable,\" but acting on those impulses is forbidden. \"This is not about sex, and I'm really straightforward about that,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying. \"I always liked to snuggle, it seemed pretty simple to me,\" she said.But the premise behind the idea is best explained by Samuel's study of cognitive science. She says 'touch' is a healing activity of which most Americans are deprived, and believes that just a few minutes of cuddling can relieve stress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14873285", "title": "Central varsities proposal at Gaya announced", "text": "PATNA: Ending a protracted dispute, the Union HRD ministry on Friday finally announced to set up a central university at Motihari, in addition to the one already proposed at Gaya.\"I have given the approval for establishment of a central university at Motihari and I am happy that the issue has been resolved,\" Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal told mediapersons in New Delhi on Friday.Bihar would be the second state after Jammu &amp; Kashmir where two central universities would be set up. For this, the Central Universities Act, 2009, would have to be amended to enable opening of two central universities in the state. The Act has a provision for setting up two central universities in Jammu and Kashmir as a special case.Chief minister Nitish Kumar has expressed his happiness over the Centre's decision. RJD President Lalu Prasad , while expressing pleasure over the decision, thanked Sibal.The Union HRD ministry had decided to set up a central university at Gaya, arguing that it had good connectivity and enabling infrastructure. But CM Nitish Kumar and some other political parties had been insisting that the central university should be established at Motihari to end regional disparities, leading to war of words between Nitish and Sibal for months.As Sibal had been insisting on setting up the university at Gaya, the CM, in order to counter Sibal's move, got a resolution passed from both the Houses of the state legislature demanding the establishment of the university at Motihari.However, there would be no additional allocation and Rs 240 crore meant for establishment of a central university in state would now be divided between the two universities.Sibal told mediapersons the Motihari central university campus would be adjacent to an upcoming national highway, the completion of which would reduce the travel time to and from Patna by two and half hours.On July 11, a Union HRD ministry site selection team had inspected three sites near Motihari for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14887429", "title": "Revathy celebrates birthday with Molly Aunty Rocks team", "text": "When actress Revathy arrived to the sets of Molly Aunty Rocks, she was in for a surprise. While for most part of the day, it seemed like just another day at work till everyone at the cast and crew along with Prithviraj and director Ranjith Sankar crowded around greeting her.Our source from the sets tell us, \"Revathy ma'am was thrilled. Though she wanted to keep the occasion a private one and didn't want it to interfere with the work, Prithviraj and team just wouldn't let such an important event pass by without its due.\"We hear that Prithviraj and Ranjith took the onus on themselves to arrange for the cake and food for the cast and crew that day. \"Revathy ma'am was overwhelmed and since we are a small team for Molly Aunty Rocks everyone enjoyed the moment and we had a great day on set,\" says our source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh/rohtak", "code": "14879700", "title": "CBI steps in to probe Rohtak shelter home case", "text": "CHANDIGARH/ROHTAK: Day after an FIR was lodged in the Rohtak shelter home case, a CBI team visited Rohtak and took possession of all relevant records, on Friday. The team informed Punjab and Haryana high court of the developments and the FIR. The team was headed by DSP Satish Dagar of the Special Crime Branch (SCB). CBI is also readying to take custody of all the 10 accused on production warrants from the court of special CBI judge in Panchkula. Sources said the team would stay in Rohtak for three days.Meanwhile, accused Jaswanti Devi, her daughter Simmi, son-in-law Jai Bhagwan , brother Jaswant Singh , cousin Satish Kumar , cousin Sheila Devi, counsellor Veena Devi and sub-inspector (retd) Bhim Singh Ranga were produced in the court of Civil Judge Rahul Bishnoi in Rohtak on Friday, and their judicial custody was extended till July 27.DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said, \"All relevant records including computers, interrogation report of the accused, and versions of the victims have been acquired from Haryana police.\" The national commission for protection of child rights had raided the shelter home on May 9.Acting on a petition by a Chandigarh lawyer-cum-activist Utsav Bains, the high court intervened and appointed a fact-finding committee to probe the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14873638", "title": "4 students, driver hurt in Vasco bus, tempo dash", "text": "VASCO: Five persons, including four students and the driver, were injured when a minibus in which they were travelling dashed against a tempo near Varunapuri, Vasco, on the National Highway 17-B on Friday afternoon.Police said , \"the mini bus carrying Kendriya Vidyalaya school students banged a passenger tempo traveller from behind.\"The incident occurred at about 2.30pm on Friday when the passenger tempo traveller carrying tourists applied brakes and the 'Miss India' minibus which was following it collided against it from behind. The impact of the collision was so great that the tempo climbed the road dividers.The school bus was carrying 26 students. The three female and one male student who were injured are Muskan Sharma, 10, Shweta Patil, 9, Swamya Rani, 7, and Sanket Parsekar 14. They were all shifted to Cottage hospital, Chicalim and were later discharged. The driver of the bus Sagun Vishnu Naik, 38, from Sada, suffered a leg fracture.Meanwhile, police have registered an accident case and investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14870934", "title": "Science Express draws 80,000 students", "text": "RANCHI: Science Express at Ranchi railway station has witnessed around 80,000 footfalls in the past four days. A large number of students thronged the 16-coach facility on Friday, the last day of the train in the state capital.Of the 225 halts that the train has passed through in its past five-year journey, its stay in Ranchi has surprised all the executives. \"I have not seen such a huge crowd at any place in the country,\" said Dilip V Surkar, the executive director of the Science Express.All the platforms, especially platform Nos 1, 4 and 5, swarmed with students on Friday. It prompted the administration to deploy police to manage the crowd. The train left for Rourkela on Friday evening where it will stay till July 17. Around 3,000 students had visited the train on Tuesday when the exhibition had begun. Wednesday witnessed 20,000-odd visitors and Thursday had 28,000 footfalls. The total number of visitors on Friday was 30,000.Science communicator Ebin Abraham said Ranchi students had similar curiosity like their counterparts in metro cities. \"The children here are paying attention to minute details and are asking specific questions,\" Abraham said. A science communicator works as a coach to the visitors. Surbhi Anand, a student of Class VII from Sacred Heart Girls School, asked Abraham how she could save the environment.A joint initiative of the Union environment and forests ministry and the department of science and technology, the train aims to create awareness on biodiversity of India, climate change and similar issues among various audiences specially students. The exhibition has topics climate change, trans-Himalaya and the Himalaya, The Gangetic plain, Northeast India, the desert and semi-arid zones, the Western Ghats, The Deccan Peninsula, the coasts and islands as its exhibits.The initiative is a part of the celebration of 2011 to 2020 as \"United Nations Biodiversity Decade\" by the UN. The same period is also being celebrated as UN Decade for Deserts and the Fight against Desertification.Surkar said, \"The huge footfall showcases nothing but inquisitiveness about environment in students and the public at large. The crowd has come without us doing any publicity.\"\"The entire train, especially the eight bogies, was always full of students,\" said Chitra Upadhayay, a science communicator. Over 50% of the visitors have been given certificates for conducting experiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14891648", "title": "Robert Pattinson jealous of girlfriend Kristen Stewart", "text": "Robert Pattinson has admitted that he's jealous that his superstar girlfriend Kristen Stewart can go out incognito, and he can't.The 26-year-old heartthrob can't remember the last time he went out with his Twilight co-star and didn't get mobbed by fans.\"It's extremely rare to go out for a beer like a normal guy. I don't know why. Something about my face people just recognise really quickly,\" the Daily star quoted Pattinson as saying.\"Kristen can go out and people don't notice. She can hide in crowds.\"I probably give myself away by walking around with a hoody and a hat and sunglasses, bent over and hiding my face,\" he said.\"I probably look like a lunatic,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "14873830", "title": "Mayem evacuee land issue to be solved by Dec 19: Revenue minister", "text": "PORVORIM: Revenue minister Francis D' Souza assured members of the legislative assembly that the government will solve the issue of evacuee property of Mayem by December 19, 2012.Replying to the private member resolution moved by the leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane, D' Souza said, \"By December 19, 2012, the Mayem evacuee issue will be resolved.\"Rane said, \"As you (minister) have given me a deadline of December 19, 2012, that the land will be vested with the 'mundkars' and tenants of Mayem, I withdraw the resolution.\" Speaker Rajendra Arlekar said that \"now Mayem people can express and celebrate victory again\".Rane moved the resolution on the evacuee property of Mayem village that the tenants and the 'mundkars' be vested with tenancy and 'mundkar' rights by removing the name of the government from the occupant's column from Form I &amp; XIV and putting the name of the custodian of the evacuees by simple mutation.Speaking on the resolution, Rane said that the idea to bring this resolution was to highlight the suffering of the people as they cannot improve the structure nor they can mortgage the same. \"We cannot spend time now. Already a lot of time has been spent,\" said Rane. Mayem MLA and deputy speaker Anant Shet said that this resolution cannot solve the entire issue, but he supported the resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871434", "title": "Acid victim in Delhi for help", "text": "NEW DELHI: Her face is disfigured, eyes and ears damaged beyond repair, and her family is struggling to keep body and soul together. But, all the odds have not taken the fight out of Sonali Mukherjee. A bright student and head of the National Cadet Corps (NCC) wing in Dhanbad, Jharkhand, Sonali suffered severe burn injuries on her body in an acid attack by three locals nine years ago.\"I don't want to kill myself. I want to live to fulfil the expectations of my parents, who brought me up and spent all they had to save me,\" said the 28-year-old victim of acid attack, who is in Delhi for her treatment that has been going on since 2006 at Safdarjung Hospital.Sonali has approached the ministry of women and child development for financial help. The ministry in turn has forwarded the request to the PMO. The family, in the meantime, continues to fight hunger and the fear of another attack - the miscreants are out on bail after spending three years in jail.\"In April 2003 when the incident took place, my daughter was in college. She was leading the NCC in Jharkhand and had won many awards. We knew she would make it big in life. But that one incident destroyed everything. Three youths threw acid on her in the middle of the night when we were sleeping on the roof. She received deep burns on the upper half of the body and her face was bleeding profusely. Her little sister also received 20% burns,\" said Chandi Das Mukherjee, Sonali's father, who was a watchman at a mill in Dhanbad. \"For nine years, I have been running around to get her treated. All our resources have dried up. We don't have money to eat, let alone paying for the treatment. Somebody should help us or we will die,\" he added.He claimed he had met all three chief ministers of Jharkhand over the last nine years for financial help, but without success. Recently, Sonali started getting Rs 400 as monthly pension for being disabled. \"I want to be rehabilitated. I want a job. My family has come on the streets because of me. They had to sell all their property and my mother's ornaments, and have run up a huge debt,\" she said.Brinda Karat , CPI (M) member and human rights' activist, said Sonali's plight is symptomatic of the insensitivity of our system. \"Two sisters from Zakir Nagar, Delhi, were attacked in a similar manner. They lost their vision but have not received any government help as yet. Some NGOs have been helping them. I take this opportunity to urge the government to come up with a strong law against such heinous crimes as well proper rehabilitation measures,\" she said. Women's rights' activist Subhasini Ali also demanded immediate measures to rehabilitate the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14870545", "title": "Two detained for abducting engineering student", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Thursday's abduction of a college girl from Sailashree Vihar was engineered by a student of the same polytechnic college where she studies. Police have detained two youths, including the student, who unsuccessfully wooed her recently.The duo was likely to be arrested formally and produced in court on Friday evening. \"They hired two goons to kidnap her. We have launched a manhunt to arrest them. The absconders have been identified,\" a senior police officer said.The 18-year-old girl was kidnapped from outside her house on Thursday evening. She was talking with her friend (a boy) when the kidnappers reached, brandished a sharp-edged weapon and took her away on their motorcycle. Police later came to know about the involvement of her college-mate in the crime after interrogating the boy with whom she was talking outside her house.Police rescued the girl near Barang, nearly two hours after the incident. \"We tracked her mobile phone and chased the bike. Apprehending trouble, the accused deserted her and fled,\" the police officer said.This was the fourth abduction within a month, indicating the deteriorating law and order the state capital.In another incident, a Class VII student of Bhubaneswar is allegedly missing from a slum in Surya Nagar within Capital police limits since Wednesday evening. The schoolgirl's parents on Thursday lodged a complaint with police suspecting that she might have been kidnapped by some anti-socials. \"She went for her tuition and has since not returned. We found her school bag near our house. Police is yet to trace her,\" her father Landa Behera said. Police said they were making efforts to locate the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14877007", "title": "DySP Rasheed gets bail in Unnithan murder case", "text": "KOCHI: After spending nearly three months in judicial custody, Crime Branch DySP N Abdul Rasheed received bail on Friday in the V B Unnithan murder attempt case.Though the CBI opposed the bail application on grounds that he would tamper with the evidence, the Ernakulam Principal Sessions Court granted conditional bail to Rasheed after he submitted that the CBI had already filed a chargesheet in connection with the case.The court has imposed a set of conditions which includes furnishing a bond of Rs one lakh, surrendering his passport before the court, and asked him not to leave the state without the permission of the court.Rasheed was arrested on April 16 in connection with the murder attempt on Unnithan, a reporter with the Mathrubhumi daily in Kollam.The CBI had filed the chargesheet before the Ernakulam Chief Judicial Magistrate Court in which five persons, including two DySPs, were arraigned as accused in the case. As per the chargesheet, the first accused is Mahesh aka Punchiri Mahesh (32) of Killikollar, Kollam followed V R Anand (30) of Vadakkevilla, Kollam; S Shafeeq (23) of Uliyakovil, Kollam: DySP M Santhosh Nair (44) of Vellayittambalam, Kollam and DySP N Abdul Rasheed (48) of Vengara, Kollam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14873839", "title": "Heavy showers turn weather pleasant", "text": "KANPUR: It rained heavily on Friday. The downpour of 20 mm till 2.30 pm turned the weather pleasant.Contrary to the predictions of met department, heavy rain took place in the city on Friday. Several places received more than 30 mm rainfall. As per the data provided by the CSA, the average rainfall received by the city was 19.6 mm till 2.30pm.The maximum temperature stood at 33.6 degrees, which was nearly three degrees less than that of Thursday. The minimum temperature remained at 26.4 degrees. The humidity was 75% in the morning, which increased to 93% in the evening.The rainfall occurred due to change in wind directions which turned easterly on Thursday night. It will take some time for easterly winds to set in the region. Than there will be one more round of heavy showers.People enjoyed the unexpected rain. Schoolchildren were seen drenched on their way back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14877298", "title": "Case against Jayamala quashed", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Friday quashed the charge sheet filed by police against Kannada actress Jayamala, astrologer Parappanangadi Unnikrishnan and his aide for hurting religious sentiments.Jayamala and Unnikrishnan were accused of criminal conspiracy following the revelation made as part of 'devaprasnam' at Sabarimala in June 2006 and subsequent disclosure by the actress that she had entered the sanctum sanctorum of the temple and touched the idol of 'Lord Ayyappa' in April 1987.In June 2006, a team led by Unnikrishnan conducted a four-day \"devaprasnam\" at the Sabarimala temple, following which Panicker revealed that there were signs of a woman having entered the sanctum sanctorum of the temple.As per the rules of the Sabarimala temple, dedicated to bachelor Hindu god Ayappa, women in the age group of 10 to 50 are not allowed to enter the shrine.The prosecution alleged that the astrologer had made the revelation on the basis of confidential information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14873517", "title": "Non-MBBS doctors to soon prescribe allopathic drugs?", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Friday said that ayurveda , homeopathy and unani practitioners would soon be able to legally prescribe allopathic medicines in Maharashtra provided they completed a one-year course in pharmacology.Dr Vijay Kumar Gavit, minister for medical education, told the assembly that the course material was ready and by August the state would issue an ordinance for these doctors to do the course and clear an exam. If they pass, they can prescribe allopathic medicines.The minister said in a written reply that the decision to introduce the one-year pharmacology course was made on the advice of the attorney general, who suggested that it could be done by amending the Maharashtra Medical Practitioners Act, 1961. But when it was referred to the state law and judiciary department, it pointed out that a mere amendment to the Act will be of no use as under the Indian Medical Council Act, 1956, the assent of the Medical Council of India (MCI) is mandatory.But a senior official told TOI that the government does not need an approval from the Medical Council of India to start a \"certificate course\" as the state has the requisite powers under the concurrent list. \"Only a degree or a diploma course needs a mandatory approval from the MCI ,\" the official said.The matter came up before the House during a calling attention motion on police harassment faced by doctors who provide alternative treatment, particularly in rural Maharashtra. It was raised by Vijay Wadettiwar, who said that in the absence of allopathic doctors, people had to go to doctors from other streams but they were not allowed to prescribe allopathic medicines. \"When the state has the power to allow these doctors to prescribe allopathic medicines, why does it hesitate to do so?\"Gavit said it was true that there was a paucity of allopathic doctors in rural areas and the association of homeopathy doctors had requested that homeopaths should be allowed to prescribe allopathy medicines.\"The government has set up a committee to consider this issue and is awaiting the report,\" he said, adding that an earlier committee had recommended that if the government were to include pharmacology as a subject for the doctors from other streams, then they could prescribe allopathic medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14875047", "title": "129 engineering student teams enter race for perfect green cycle", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Testing their innovative instincts, 129 teams from India comprising engineering students from top colleges including IITs, NITs, BITS Pilani, are all set to create \"the most efficient green cycle\" at Panjab University. The cycle, which would run only on human or electric power, will be tested for its mettle in a series of grilling rounds at PU. The first selection process for this event, \"Efficycle\" will kick-start on Saturday at University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET), PU campus and 60 best models will be shortlisted across India initially.\"It's for the first time that a \"virtual round\" will be held. This is to find out how well the students present their innovation in front of the jury members. Unlike last three years, since UIET is hosting the event, the green machine will face stiffer competition this time,\" says Ashish Ranjan, student convener of Efficycle 2012.Along with UIET campus, the selection process for the Efficycle will also be hosted in two other cities including Pune and Bangalore. \"The grand finale will be held in October when the final team is shortlisted from 60 best teams. 24 teams each will be tested on July 14 and 15 at the varsity campus,\" adds Sahil Arora, also the student convener of the event.Organized by the Society of Automotive Engineers Northern India sections each year, the winners of the event are awarded a cash prize of Rs 3 lakh and their machine is also endorsed by the industry. Each team in Efficycle comprises three team members and one faculty advisor, while the main event would comprise eight members and one faculty advisor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "14873853", "title": "Will set up board to protect, develop khazans: Dayanand Mandrekar", "text": "PORVORIM: Water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar assured to form a 'khazan lands protection and development board' to protect khazan lands in the state.Mandrekar alleged that tenant associations purposely damage 'bandhs' to start pisciculture on khazan land and to control this, it is essential to constitute the board. He also said that chief minister Manohar Parrikar has already made a reference of setting up of a board in the budget speech. \"I assure to form the board,\" he said.St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh, in his private member resolution, has said that to protect khazan lands, which are being destroyed, punishment should be meted out to those who are involved in destroying these lands. \"The government should form the khazan land protection and development board,\" he said.Speaking on the resolution, Wagh said that khazan lands exists in five to six talukas of the state and over the years, they have been used for agricultural purpose. He also said that few people have a nexus with the tenant associations and government officials to artificially allow flooding of this land for fishing business.He also claimed that Comunidades, who are the owners of most khazan lands, \"which are in panchayat jurisdictions\", must be earning more revenue than the panchayats. This board can advise the government with regards to who will maintain the land, who will take care, who has rights and who will protect and develop the khazan land for the future, Wagh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14873605", "title": "Now, district police venture into social networking space", "text": "MADURAI: 'We are officers, men and women of Madurai district police who are committed to make you feel safe and secure,' this is how the Madurai district police introduce themselves on their Facebook page. After the Madurai district administration started using the virtual platform for transparent and better administration by interacting with the public, now the district police have also started a Facebook page to tap into the advantages of social networking to fight crime and maintain law and order.District SP V Balakrishnan officially launched the Facebook page on Friday, urging the public to interact with them through this medium. The police announced that the Facebook page 'Madurai District Police' was created with the intention of improving police-public interaction. Information on all the public friendly measures taken up by District SP and other police officers will be displayed on the page and the public can comment and also suggest their opinions on various issues.Madurai SP, V Balakrishnan said that the page would be appended with various other features like the details of police stations and the officials, non-bailable warrants and notorious characters in the district soon. \"We are working on these features at present and will add them in a couple of days,\" he said.Public can also post their grievances if action has not taken on previous petitions filed with the police. \"People from Madurai who are not residing here can also post their petitions on the page and we will look into it but residents should first approach the concerned police stations to file complaints. If no action has been taken on the complaints, they can post the same on the Facebook page,\" the SP said.\"The public can also post their suggestions to the district police on better policing and can also provide information about any illegal activities taking place in their localities. We are eager to hear from the public through this platform,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14878434", "title": "Decaying cables spark most fires", "text": "LUDHIANA: Getting electrocuted is not the only risk city residents are exposed to near commonly seen jumbled wires in major markets and official buildings, as there have been numerous fire accidents too, due to short circuit in these unsafe hanging cables.Several complaints by residents to the power department have gone unheard, while at many spots, chances of a short circuit due to exposed wires are high. Shopkeepers say the risk has only increased because of official apathy to their complaints.The wires are loose and decayed at several places, which increase the chances of sparking, say residents. The old city areas are in a much worse condition as several fire incidents have taken place in commercial buildings in these areas.An official of the fire safety department says, \"Most take place due to short circuit in old and decayed wires hanging from buildings. These wires must be replaced as there is always a risk of electrocution while tending such fire.\"Arvind Sharma, a shopkeeper from Model Town market, says, \"Two fire incidents took place in a row at Model Town market. We had demanded replacement of these wires, but nothing was done.\" Despite being a posh market, it is neglected when it comes to safety, he adds.Jaswinder Singh, who owns a shop in Talab Bazar where several fires have occurred, says, \"We live with constant fear due to these wires, as most past incidents were caused by short circuit.\"The power officials, however, say there could be other reasons for fire in markets apart from short circuit in hanging exposed wires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "cha ndigarh/baghpat", "code": "14878837", "title": "Taliban-like khap diktat on women triggers outrage", "text": "CHA NDIGARH/BAGHPAT: Union home minister P Chidambaram said on Friday that the \"Taliban-style\" diktat by a khap panchayat in Uttar Pradesh's Baghpat region, forbidding women from using cellphones, going to the market or walking unescorted, \"has no place in a democratic society\".\"I would expect the state government to take action,\" Chidambaram said, addressing a press conference in Chandigarh.He said such kind of diktats, or fatwas \"according to me, have no place in a democratic society... I don't think anyone can say how people should dress and behave, it is completely undemocratic\".He also reaffirmed that khaps had no legal authority in India to issue such decrees and warned such panchayats to refrain from taking any action against any person on violation of their sweeping orders.The home minister's comments came even as villagers in Baghpat beat up two policemen who were investigating the diktat. The policemen had gone to Asaara village after senior officials dispatched a team to probe the matter.The cops were brutally attacked and their motorcycle set on fire. The villagers fled after freeing the arrested panchayat members, a police official said.The Asaara panchayat had on Thursday in Baghpat set out a series of rules for women under 40 - that they should cover their heads, not use mobile phones, not leave the house after sunset. It also banned the entry of couples who had a love marriage.According to inspector general of police (law &amp; order) Badri Prasad Singh, the ruling of the panchayat was not just unfair to women but also unconstitutional. \"The guilty would be brought to book and punished,\" Badri Prasad said. He added that strict action would be taken against those who attacked the police personnel.The villagers also vented their ire at media crews that had gathered. Panchayat members asked camera crews and journalists to back off or face their anger, a local police official said, adding that arrangements were being made to ensure law and order.The panchayat ruling triggered outrage among activists and politicians. \"It is sad to see how in today's modern society too, such old fashioned, archaic mindsets exist and that they even try to force themselves on the women around them,\" said Madhu Garg of the All India Democratic Women's Association.National Commission for Women chief Mamta Sharma regretted that such directives have issued after 64 years of independence.\"Panchayats do not enjoy constitutional powers. And if there are no powers, there is no need to follow the orders,\" she said, maintaining that the authorities should take action and direct that the diktats should not be followed.Terming the orders as \"laughable\" in the modern era, Sharma said, \"The state should issue an order stating that such diktats should not be followed.\" The Uttar Pradesh State Women Commission has sought a report from the Baghpat district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14872866", "title": "Government wants \u2018black box\u2019 like gadget in vehicles", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has asked automobile manufacturers to develop a gadget on the lines of 'black box' installed in planes that can be fitted in vehicles to help analyze the causes of accidents. This is already being tried in the US to monitor driving habits and provide a snapshot of events before a car crashes.The snapshot can be viewed by law enforcement agencies, insurance companies and automakers and the owner of the vehicle will not be able to turn it on or off.In a slew of measures proposed to improve safety features of vehicles, road transport and highways minister CP Joshi told automobile manufacturers to look into the option of fixing IT-enabled gadgets and features for safety and security of motor vehicles. \"Facilities like radio frequency-based tags, GPS and other on-board units should be introduced so that vehicles can be tracked and vehicles seamlessly cross toll plazas,\" Joshi said.Road transport secretary A K Upadhyay said the ministry has also asked vehicle manufacturers to introduce features in trucks and other transport vehicles to prevent overloading. \"Manufacturers have said that this is doable. Once we have a technology in place that prevents overloading in a vehicle, the menace will disappear. Overloading is one of the main reasons of accidents and damage to roads,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14873227", "title": "Gaya vendors protest GMC eviction drive", "text": "GAYA: Resisting the anti- encroachment drive launched by the Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC), shop keepers of Gautam Buddha Road and KP Road torched a government vehicle and damaged the bulldozer requisitioned to execute the drive to free the busy commercial centres of the town of the encroachment menace.The protesters also indulged in heavy stone pelting on Friday and the 'flying missiles' hit nearly half-a-dozen employees of the GMC. The corporation employees received minor injuries. Police had to use mild force to rein in the violent protesters.SSP Vinay Kumar and Gaya Sadar SDO Paritosh Kumar rushed to the scene of violence to bring the situation under control. Sensing trouble and apprehending tough administrative response, the shop owners subsequently downed their shutters and the area wore a deserted look. The anti-encroachment drive has been launched to enforce the zero tolerance zone concept to make pre-notified areas like GB Road, Ramna Road and Swarajpuri Road completely free from encroachments, other traffic hazards and rigorously enforce rules and regulations pertaining to weight and measures, commercial taxes, power bills, labour laws, anti-adulteration laws and drug related rules.Confirming the incidents of violence and arson, Gaya Sadar SDO Paritosh Kumar said adequate police arrangement has been made in the trouble zone and the situation was fully under control. Asked if the drive has been suspended in view of the incidents of violence and arson, the SDO said no decision has been taken in this respect and consultations will be held with the GMC officials over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870562", "title": "Revolvers, live cartridges, explosives seized in extortion case", "text": "NAGPUR: The Devangan family of Shriram Wadi in Lakadganj seemed in a state of utter shock. They could not believe that police recovered two country-made revolvers, 56 live rounds, five magazines, several pouches of explosive gunpowder and crackers from their son Ravindra who never had any history of violence either in school or neighbourhood.Ravindra was arrested earlier this week in connection with a bomb attack on the house of city businessman Sunil Jejani. The attack was for apparent motive of extortion. The recovery was even more stunning for Devangans as police could not find anything in the house search after Ravindra's arrest earlier this week. Police sources claimed the arms and ammunition were found in the dickey of the Scooty belonging to Devangans, which was found parked near Ganeshpeth bus depot. The Scooty was parked in front of Devangan's home when TOI visited on Thursday while a bike was inside. On Friday, when TOI visited again, both the vehicles were gone. Family sources said the police had taken them a day before.Police, on the other hand, claim that the youngsters involved had got the idea of extortion from a crime based tele-serial leading them to procure guns and ammunition from Uttar Pradesh. \"They also had passport size photographs of several people and numbers of media persons and newspaper offices,\" said police sources. Five SIM cards and six handsets along with other documents have been also recovered from them. The SIMs were procured with bogus documents, police claimed.The cops also arrested Sunil Yadav, a friend of Ravindra Devangan, on Friday for his alleged role in the case. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, who addressed a section of the media at Ganeshpeth police station on Friday, said it was Devangan and Yadav who had lobbed a crude bomb inside the home of businessman Sunil Jejani on July 7. Jejani was receiving threatening calls to cough up Rs 10 lakh as 'protection money'. Dhanvijay also said the group was involved in in a daring armed robbery at Pardi Naka in 2010 where they had decamped with more than Rs 3.45 lakh. \"The youths wanted fast cash,\" he said.The commerce graduate and an introvert, Devangan was allegedly the ghost caller who is learnt to have left more than two dozen top businessmen in the city perplexed with calls demanding Rs 10 lakh. The man, whose younger sister still recalled him as an intelligent student, often dropped the name of 'Santosh Ambekar' to arouse fear of the gangster in the mind of his victims. It is learnt that Ambekar, whom some of the businessmen later approached, was also left aghast by the information. Dhanvijay said the youths used to get phone numbers of potential victims from advertisements of their firms in newspapers.CP Dhanvijay, who was present at Ganespeth police station along with joint CP Sanjay Saxena, DCP Sanjay Darade and PI Dilip Jagdale, said that businessmen who had received calls from this group should approach the police. \"We will register more offences in the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871525", "title": "No terror angle, it\u2019s a murder case: anti-terrorism squad", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS) said on Friday the Laila Khan matter was a murder case and there was no terror angle to it.Initially, a case of kidnapping was registered against Parvez Iqbal Tak, the main accused and Laila's mother Saleena's third husband, and Aasif Shaikh, Saleena's second husband.\"We told the director general of police that this was a case of murder and no terror angle was involved,\" said an ATS officer. \"The DGP took a call on the matter and handed over investigation to the crime branch of Mumbai Police.\"A section of the media had reported about links between Laila and LeT terrorists. \"But there is no evidence to prove this. It's a rumour,\" the ATS officer said. \"We summoned several people and questioned them to verify if Laila or any of her family members had any connection with terror outfits. But such a link could not be established.\"He said the ATS never questioned Tak. \"He was on the run and finally caught by J&K; Police. Some people have said that we questioned him, but could not extract any information. This is not true.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14873573", "title": "Gandhi Maidan facelift by Aug 15", "text": "PATNA: The beautification work of Gandhi Maidan here will be completed before the Independence Day this year. Patna district administration is all set to install a 40-feet-high statue of Mahatma Gandhi at the historic ground, as promised by CM Nitish Kumar .Patna divisional commissioner K P Ramaiah on Thursday ordered that the Maidan would remain closed for visitors from July 15 to August 14, except for morning walkers. All the gates would remain closed and guards would be deployed by the Patna police to enforce ban on the entry of people, if required.The building construction department (BCD) has been entrusted with the task to replace the existing Gandhi statue at the ground with a bigger one. Ramaiah said, \"A meeting with the chief secretary is scheduled for July 19 and the model of the new Gandhi statue would be finalized. If the new statue is not installed before August 15, the existing statue could be shifted to the centre of the maidan.\" He added the existing Gandhi statue is not centrally located.When contacted, BCD chief engineer, South Bihar, Gopal Krishna, said, \"The 40-feet-tall bronze statue is being prepared by famous sculptor, Padmashri Ram V Sutar at Noida.\" He added the department has been allotted Rs 8.40 crore for the new statue.After Bihar Diwas celebrations earlier in the year, Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) had requested the district administration not to hold any programme at the ground, so that its levelling could be done without hindrance. Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh said the officials concerned had finished levelling and grading of the ground by June 20. The next step would be the construction of a pathway, laying of grass bed and planting of small flower trees. \"We plan to finish the rest of the work before Independence Day,\" he said.Ramaiah said, \"Rehearsals for the Independence Day would take place from August 1 to August 13 at the Gandhi Maidan. Other departments concerned have been asked to improve the drainage system and beautification work will be completed in time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14873532", "title": "Goa Vidyaprasarak Mandal Ponda's first batch reunion", "text": "In a bid to reunite the students of a 36-year-old batch, Goa Vidyaprasarak Mandal (GVM) higher secondary from Ponda has organized a 'hatke' (unusual) programme to bring its first batch of surviving students on one platform. Nine students of the batch have expired, the organizers revealed. A daylong function to commemorate the first batch of the higher secondary through a alumni reunion will be held on July 15 in the school premises. The committee will light 36 candles to mark the passing of 36 years for the first batch. The first batch had 169 students and among them 6 are MLAs now. The four MLAs of Ponda taluka including Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar, Mahadev Naik and Lavoo Mamledar; MLA of Sanvordem Ganesh Gaonkar and MLA of Sanquelim Pramod Sawant, HSS principal Avadhut Kamat said. Addressing a joint press conference the minister for co-operation, Deepak Dhavlikar who was also a student of the first batch, said that during the function a special students aid fund will be launched to help needy students.The fund will be managed by the ex-students in association with the management of the school and will be based on the need of students. That apart, a student's directory and roll of honour will also be launched along with felicitation of teachers. The chairman of the organizing committee, Somnath Naik said the nine students of the first batch and five principals have expired until now. The function will conclude with an entertainment and efforts are on to get in touch with all the surviving students, Naik said.Velim consumers meet on Sunday: The Velim civic and consumer forum (VCCF) will have its monthly general meeting of consumers on July 15, at 10.30am, at St Xavier's HS, Velim. Among the issues to be discussed are panchayat committees, signature project for Velim, road safety and management campaign, garbage management and consumer concerns. Various public utilities like the Goa Dairy, post, public distribution system, banking, and BSNL and electricity will also be discussed.Bible session for youth, adults: Pedro Arrupe Institute, Raia, will organize a session for youth above graduation and young adults on the Word of God entitled 'Freedom in Christ' on July 15. This interactive session will help the participant get to know the Word of God; how the Word of God is to be interpreted and how it is still alive for our times, states a press note. The participants will be also be given a chance to get their questions answered about the Bible. The session will begin at 10am and end at 4pm, and will include mass and lunch. The course is free for all participants. For registration call on 8805570108, 2776917 or 2858323, or email at deepenyourfaith@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871443", "title": "Elderly robbed by bikers in north Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: An elderly woman was attacked by chain snatchers in Roop Nagar, north Delhi, when she was going to a temple around 7.30am. The victim, Madhu Ramani, 68, is the wife of a retired railway official. She told the police that two men came on a bike and the pillion rider tried to wrench her gold chain. She was dragged for about 100m in the process.The accused then stopped and made the woman take off her gold ornaments. They sped off after she handed over the ornaments. The woman screamed for help and a guard was alerted to her plight. He tried to chase the bikers but they managed to escape. The woman informed police and a case was registered.Elsewhere, a 62-year-old man was targeted by two snatchers outside Lodhi Garden in south Delhi. The victim, Rakesh Sharma, said the accused pulled his chain while he was seated inside his car.They fled before he could get out of the vehicle.A similar incident was reported from Sarojini Nagar, where bikers targeted a 59-year-old army officer. The victim, Rani Sethi, works for Rajputana Rifles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14870344", "title": "Floods destroy Barpeta fisheries", "text": "GUWAHATI: Forty-five year old Mujibur lost everything in the floods that recently hit the state. His only source of income, a small fish pond in Gelabeel village of Barpeta district is now devoid of fish. The flood waters that inundated the fish farmer's village took away with it a variety of carp fish from his pond, which would have been ready for sale in the next few months.\"I encircled my fish pond with nylon nets. When it did not help, I increased the height of the nylon nets. But the flood waters kept rising. I even used my wife's sarees to protect the fish, but I could not stop them from swimming away from the pond. I spent all my savings on fish farming. I am at a loss now,\" Mujibur said.Barpeta is one of the largest fish-producing districts in the state and in recent years, the place has become self-sufficient in fish seed production. Fingerlings and fries from Barpeta are also supplied to other states too. But the recent floods have ravaged the fishery sector in the district.According to the fishery department, 80 per cent of 3,500 hectare of fisheries were affected by the deluge. \"There are 25,000 fish ponds and tanks in the district. However, over 80 per cent of these ponds and tanks have been damaged. The fishery sector in Barpeta has suffered a loss to the tune of Rs 53.70 crore,\" a fishery department official said.Meanwhile, outbreak of many water-borne diseases has also been reported from the flood-affected areas of Barpeta district in the post-flood situation.An international NGO Save The Children, which is assessing the post-flood situation in the district, said cases of diarrhea have already been reported from villages like Gelabeel.\"Villagers are using the flood water for cooking, drinking and bathing. This has increased the risk of outbreak of water-borne diseases. We have also come across children suffering from diarrhea,\" Save The Children communication manager, Anupam Srivastava said.According to the NGO, the need of the hour is financial assistance for the flood-affected families so that they can meet their basic needs. Water sources need to be disinfected and flood victims must be provided with water purification tablets and hand-pumps must be restored and repaired. Families stranded on embankments must also be provided with proper assistance like food and health facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14871080", "title": "Lion transfer: SC amicus seeks mandate for relook", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Supreme Court amicus curiae P S Narasimha sought directions from the apex court on the formation of a sub-committee to look into shifting lions to Kuno-Palpur from Gir.The Gujarat government is fighting a legal battle in the Supreme Court in the wake of a PIL filed by an environment group seeking translocation of some Asiatic lions from Gir to Madhya Pradesh's Kuno-Palpur sanctuary.The amicus curiae proposed to the SC that a sub-committee be formed to look into the adequacy, preparedness of the staff and other factors including prey base. The committee according to the proposal should take a fresh into the issue.Principal Secretary Forests and Environment S K Nanda confirmed that a proposal for a sub committee has been forwarded to the SC by amicus curie PS Narasimha.Recently the Supreme Court had sent a team to Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh to take a view of all concerned parties including the local people.The state wildlife board at a meeting in March, unanimously resolved that the opinions of the people of Saurashtra should be taken into consideration before a decision is taken.Senior wildlife activists Lavkumar Kachar had argued that the lion belonged to the people of the Saurashtra, not to the Central or Gujarat governments. He said that the felines are an important part of the biodiversity of the area. He also argued that no government or agency could take a decision without the consent of Saurashtra's people. He added that the people of the region have played a major role in conservation of the lion.Nanda said that Gujarat government has been pitching in the apex court that the issue of relocation of Lions to Kuno Palpur be looked into afresh as their population in Gujarat was steadily increasing. He further said that transferring the animals would adversely affect conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871421", "title": "NHRC notice to UP govt on missing kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Human Rights Commission on Friday issued a notice to the UP government regarding the 90 children who have gone missing from Ghaziabad district in the past six months. \"We have asked the chief secretary and district authorities to respond in four weeks' time. Over 90 children who have gone missing between January 1 and July 1 this year,\" said an NHRC official. \"The NHRC has issued notices to the UP chief secretary and the district magistrate of Ghaziabad, and asked them to submit reports on the allegations,\" a statement from the NHRC said.According to media reports, of the 251 children who went missing from Ghaziabad in 2011, 115 remain untraced. \"There may be several other instances in Ghaziabad where the police might not have registered the missing report,\" the commission said, adding that the allegations, if true, raise serious issues of violation of human rights of children. The NHRC has also asked the UP chief secretary and Ghaziabad deputy magistrate to inform it whether guidelines on missing children issued by the commission were followed. The guidelines were issued on August 6, 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870211", "title": "Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority invites fresh bids over Dharavi redevelopment", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dharavi redevelopment project continues to face problems.The Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) has invited fresh bids from construction companies for its pilot project at sector 5 in Dharavi.The earlier bid was cancelled as Mhada had received applications from only two companies\u2014Shirke Construction and Neptune Group.The decision was announced on Friday by minister of state for housing Sachin Ahir during a press meet. \"With Shirke, the only bidder submitting financial bids, the lack of competition forced us to call fresh bids. We hope reputed companies show interest,\" Ahir said.Congress MP from Dharavi Eknath Gaikwad had cautioned the government against awarding the contract to Shirke. Gaikwad had termed the lack of response from construction companies as an attempt by the government to \"favour Shirke\". The revamp plan, mooted in 2004, has been plagued with problems over the years and even the global tenders to select developers were scrapped last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14875539", "title": "NHRC \u2018secret\u2019 encounter verdict spares cops", "text": "GUNTUR: In a sensational indictment made eight months ago - but strangely never made public - the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) declared as fake as many as 16 encounters during IPS officer PSR Anjaneyulu's tenure as SP of Kurnool and Guntur from 2000-02. It ordered a compensation of Rs 5 lakh to each of the victims' families but shied away from ordering any action against the erring cops. It then sent copies of the verdict only to relevant government channels, including the chief secretary and the DGP, but not to petitioner B Chandrasekhar, a senior advocate and rights activist despite his repeated requests. The two district administrations too quietly distributed the compensation.The verdict finally came to light on Friday after Chandrasekhar managed to secure a copy by invoking the Right to Information (RTI) Act. The NHRC is headed by ex-CJI K G Balakrishnan. The former CJI is already under a cloud following allegations of acquiring assets disproportionate to his income. Anjaneyulu is at present posted as Greyhounds IG.In the petition filed nearly a decade ago, Chandrasekhar had accused Anjaneyulu of going on a killing spree and sought an inquiry into 19 encounters in Kurnool and Guntur between 2000 and 2002. According to his petitions, Erukala Srinivas, P Babu, Boya Venkata Ramana, Venkateswarlu, Nallabothula Sunkanna, Basivireddi Aswadha Reddy, Kalluri Venkateswarlu, Kistanna, Ramudu, Komaravolu Ramesh, Gundlakonda Srinivasulu and Rajababu were killed between May 2000 and Nov 2001, in Kurnool. Subsequently, six others - Kodati Venkateswarlu, Kodati Srinu, Kampa Srinu, Tadigiri Suresh, Macherla Lakshmana Rao and Dunna Sudhakar were killed in a similar fashion in Guntur district in a span of three months between May-July 2002.After an investigation that stretched over nine years, the NHRC in Nov 2011 termed 16 encounters as fake and ordered compensation. \"Of the 16 cases, four undertrials were killed in a brutal encounter near Perecherla while being shifted from Sattenpalle to Guntur,\" Chandrasekhar said. The NHRC did not order any compensation in three cases - P Babu, Boya Venkata Ramana and Venkateswarlu - all considered to be TDP dissident leaders in Kurnool.\"Awarding compensation to the victims' families is a welcome verdict, but NHRC's failure in recommending criminal proceedings against the guilty policemen is baffling,\" Chandrasekhar told reporters on Friday, adding that the fight to bring to book all the cops involved in the encounter, including Anjaneyulu, would continue. \"We will file a separate petition in the HC seeking a directive to the CBI to book criminal cases against the cops and also demand that the compensation awarded by the NHRC be recovered from the IPS officer and his team,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14887605", "title": "I don't want to repeat the same genre: Arun Kumar", "text": "In a span of just two movies, Ee Adutha Kaalathu's Arun Kumar Aravind has already earned the distinction of being a scriptwriter's dream director largely due to the ease of working with him and his clarity in vision of how the project should take shape.Arun, who had first earned his stripes as Priyadarshan's preferred editor in few Bollywood flicks, attributes the ease to the scripts he has chosen to film.\"The basic thing I make sure when I hear a script is that I should be able to imagine the film inside my head and should be convinced. So if these visuals keep coming to me, then I would definitely move on with the project,\" he says.Arun also says that being an editor has helped him in this aspect. \"When someone tells me the story, I imagine its edited version. This actually helps the scribes because they don't have to write an elaborate, unabridged story. It makes them less anxious,\" he says.The Cocktail director has now announced his next project Left Right Left which will also be penned by EAK scribe Murali Gopy and has mostly the same cast of Indrajith, Murali, Lena in addition to Bhavana, Rajeev Pillai and three more top actors who are yet to be confirmed.So is there pressure to repeat the success of EAK? \"No,\" he says. \"I don't want to do the same kind of movie again. Ee Adutha Kaalathu is done and I don't want repeat another movie in the same genre. Left Right Left is a commercial entertainer completely different from EAK.\"On working with Murali again, Arun says, \"Like me, Murali's plus point is that he too wants to do films in different genres. It's because he's moved on and chosen an entirely different subject, that we could do start working on this so soon.\"Arun informs that Murali and he are currently working on the flick's second draft and hope to begin filming by November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14877070", "title": "India looking to reverse ban on Pakistani TV channels", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has assured Pakistan that it will consider a proposal to lift the ban on Pakistani television channels in the country. This was after Pakistani foreign secretary Jalil Abbas Jilani's strong pitch last week proposing India allow transmission of not just Pakistan government ( PTV) but also private channels, both news and non-news.Making his point, Jilani said all Indian channels are available in Pakistan and Islamabad has done nothing to impose restrictions on their telecast. During talks between the two countries here last week, Pakistanis told the Indian delegation, led by foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai, that if India wants to spruce up people-to- people contacts, it must allow Pakistani channels into Indian homes.Pakistanis recalled popularity of PTV's soaps like Deewarein, Waris and Jungle in the 1980s in India saying current programmes on Pakistani channels have the potential to become as popular.PTV 'anti-India' drive a worryIndians seem to have conceded the point. \"It was conveyed to them (Pakistan) that India will look positively at the proposal although the matter will have to be first discussed by the information and broadcasting ministry and its counterpart in Pakistan,\" said a source, adding that PTV's \"anti-India\" campaign in the past over internal issues, including Jammu and Kashmir, has been a concern.In 2009, Pakistani Senate's standing committee on information and broadcasting appealed to the Indian Parliament to ensure airing of Pakistani channels in India. The same Senate next year asked Pakistani cable operators to stop airing Indian TV channels citing \"cultural invasion\". But with people-to-people contacts finding favour, the Pakistani request might fall on more receptive ears in New Delhi.India and Pakistan are looking at signing an MoU for promotion of arts and culture during the visit of foreign minister S M Krishna to Pakistan in early September. The two sides are expected to further hasten the groundwork for Krishna's visit as Pakistan's high commissioner-designate Salman Bashir finally presented his credentials before President Pratibha Patil and assumed full charge after weeks of waiting. As a former foreign secretary, Bashir was instrumental in bringing ties back on track after the hiatus caused by 26/11 attacks.The MoU was also proposed by Pakistan with its Pakistan National Centre of Arts (PNCA) taking the lead after its patron-in-chief Tauqueer Ahmed Nasir visited India for \"informal\" meetings in April. Among other things, Pakistan wants its street puppet shows, extremely popular in the country, to be performed in India.During the talks, both sides underlined the importance of greater people-to-people contacts and friendly exchanges in building \"a relationship of trust and friendship between the two countries\". They emphasized the importance of greater parliamentary exchanges; promotion of cooperation in various fields including facilitating visits to religious shrines and \"cessation of hostile propaganda against each other\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872648", "title": "Drunk BPO driver falls to death", "text": "BANGALORE: K Arjunan, a 36-year-old BPO cab driver, allegedly slipped to his death from the terrace of his three-storey residence in Jakkasandra, Madiwala in the wee hours of Friday. Madiwala police suspect he may have committed suicide as he was deep in debt.Passersby informed police of seeing a body lying on the road around 5.30am.Neighbours told police Arjunan would sleep on the terrace after having a drink and eating his dinner.Hours before the incident, Arjunan, a native of Tamil Nadu, and his friend Subhash drank alcohol in his room. Subhash told police that on Friday, Arjunan was so drunk he couldn't even have dinner. Subhash went to bed after advising Arjunan to sleep too as they had to go to work on Friday morning. \"In the morning, house owner Manjunath woke him up around 6.30am to tell him about a body lying on the road,\" said the Madiwala police.\"The cause of death is yet to be ascertained but suicide cannot be ruled out. There's a possibility of Arjunan losing his balance and falling to his death. The body has been shifted to the Victoria Hospital mortuary,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14873808", "title": "High court passes stricture against doctor", "text": "PUNE: Describing the act of a medical officer at Sassoon general hospital as disastrous, the Bombay high court recently passed strictures on him for examining a woman, who complained of rape, without seeking assistance of a female doctor.\"The medical examination of the victim, in the wee hours on April 1, 2009, was disastrous. The medical officer had just passed his MBBS and was studying for MS Gynaecology. He had found that there was no injury on the victim's private parts. Still he came to the conclusion that the possibility of rape could not be ruled out,\" observed justice R C Chavan in his order on June 26.According to justice Chavan, the woman had reported the incident to the Pune police after 15 days, but the police picked her up from her home at 3.30 am and took her to the hospital for medical check-up, which is enough to show the insensitivity on their part.The judge opined that the victims in rape cases can be sent to hospital if the incidents are reported to the police instantly. But, in the instant case, there was no point in sending the victim to hospital in the dead of the night though if there was a delay in reporting the incident. The police could have waited till the next morning for taking her to hospital.The HC judgment states that the accused Shrinivas Deosthali, who was the tuition teacher of the victim, was prosecuted under section 376 (punishment for rape) instead of 376 (2) (f) (rape on woman below 12 years) of the Indian Penal Code. But there are a number of omissions as the victim had stated so many things about the incident which has not been reflected in her statement.Justice Chavan said that the accused had committed an offence of 'attempt to rape'. The judge who conducted the trial should have convicted the accused for attempted rape, instead of rape, as the medical evidence is clear that there were no injuries on her private parts.The prosecution's case is that the accused had shown the victim obscene clips to on his computer and had raped her about 15 days prior to March 31, 2009.The Pune district and sessions court had sentenced the accused to seven years of rigorous imprisonment. The high court reduced his sentence to five years but confirmed the sentence of one year awarded to him for criminal intimidation under section 506 of the IPC as he had threatened the victim with dire consequences.Additional public prosecutor V S Mhaispurkar appeared on behalf of the state, while the accused was represented by lawyers Hrishikesh Ganu and Manoj Bidkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14875502", "title": "Two killed in hit-&amp;-run cases", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons were killed in separate hit-and-run cases reported on Tuesday. An unidentified person between the ages 30 and 35 years, who was crossing the road opposite Shivnandan Lawns near Adgaon on the Mumbai-Agra national highway at night, was run over by a container trailor. The unidentified driver sped away. ..In another case, a biker Pravin Sureshgir Gosavi (32) was knocked down fatally near Subhash petrol pump at Shindegaon by a pickup van. The driver, Vikas Namdeo Ugale, fled. tnnThe Nashik Road police have registered an offence against Vikas Namdeo Ugale, the driver of the vehicle.2 bikes stolenTwo bikes were reported stolen in separate incidents on Tuesday. A Hero Honda motorcycle worth Rs 20,000 was stolen when parked near the civil hospital, according to a complaint filed with Sarkarwada police station by Pradeep Uttamrao Angone (37), a resident of Suprabhat, Kamatwada.In another incident, a Bajaj Discover bike worth Rs 40,000 was stolen when parked near Ichhamani hotel, Dasak, along Jail Road, around 1.30 pm on Tuesday. A complaint has been lodged with the Nashik Road police station by Ganesh Eknath Jopulkar (34), resident of Nikita housing society, Shivaji Nagar, Jail Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14871542", "title": "Extradited from Germany, idol smuggler brought to Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Subhash Kapoor, wanted in cases of smuggling priceless Indian idols to the US and Europe, has been brought to Chennai where he awaits trial.A team of Idol wing police headed by superintendent Z Annie Vijaya landed in Chennai at 1.20am with Kapoor who is suspected to be the kingpin of a smuggling network.Clad in black trousers and blue shirt, Kapoor smiled at the waiting reporters at Chennai airport as he was escorted out by the police team. Kapoor was extradited from Germany, where he was arrested and imprisoned after Interpol acted on a red corner notice from India.\"We will question him for more information,\" said Vijaya at Chennai airport. Kapoor will be taken to Jaymkondam, where he will be produced before a court, she said.Kapoor was in Cologne prison after being detained at Frankfurt on October 30, 2011. He was arrested based on an Interpol red corner notice when he went there to visit an exhibition. Tamil Nadu police hope that it will be able extract information from him on other idols stolen from the state.An Uttar Pradesh-born US citizen, Kapoor had an antique shop-cum-gallery in New York. Police suspect he had smuggled idols from India, and Afghanistan Kapoor,arrested in Germany in October 2011, is said to be a vital link in an international idol smuggling racket.Apartfrom centuries-oldidols stolen from south Indian temples,he is said to have a few Buddha statues whisked away from Kandahar in Afghanistan.Kapoor,settled in the US for more than three decades,set up an antique shop-cum-gallery in New York and also ran a portal, www.artofpast.com,to sell antiques and idols.The website was wound up after the idol wing of the Tamil Nadu police through Interpol alerted the US authorities about the sale of antiques and idols stolen from India through the site.Tamil Nadu police believe Kapoor and Sanjeevi Asokan,a notorious idol thief now in prison, used local gangs to steal idols from ancient temples in the state. They acquired the idols from thieves and sold them to private collectors in foreign countries through their connections for huge money, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14873945", "title": "Lifeguards rescue Uttar Pradesh tourist at Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: A tourist from Uttar Pradesh was rescued from drowning by lifeguards at the Calangute lifeguard tower on Thursday afternoon.Atul Mishra, 40, a tourist from Lucknow, was enjoying an outing on the beach with his friend Sanjay Upadhayay. Paying no heed to the lifeguards warning the duo continued to remain in the rough sea when a rip current dragged Mishra more than 25m off shore.Lifeguard Bapu Pandit spotted Mishra gesturing for help and immediately rushed towards the victim after relaying a rescue message to other lifeguards in the area.Lifeguard captain Vinod Gaonkar also rushed to the scene to provide back-up and the victim was brought to the shore safely. After checking the tourist's vitals and finding no abnormalities he was released. A grateful Mishra wrote in the lifeguards rescue form: \"We are obliged to the lifeguards. God's blessings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871081", "title": "Verify Tatkare assets case: Patil to economic offences wing of Mumbai police", "text": "MUMBAI: Throwing his weight behind the embattled NCP leader and state water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, home minister RR Patil on Friday directed the economic offences wing (EOW) of Mumbai police to 'verify' allegations of graft levelled against the minister. If the agency then finds it fit to proceed, it would register a case and take appropriate action. \"The government will not shy away from investigating into any allegation, even if it is levelled against a senior cabinet minister. However, the Opposition must always back its claim with strong evidence,\" Patil shot back at the Opposition during a debate in the legislative assembly.Tatkare has been is in the eye of a storm following charges of graft levelled against him by BJP leader Kirit Somaiya . A public interest litigation in the high court had recently sought a CBI probe into the wealth and land holdings allegedly amassed by Tatkare and his family in Raigad. The PIL was dismissed by the court. The Opposition had raised the issue during a debate on the 'deteriorating' law and order in the state, demanding an FIR and immediate action against Tatkare. However, in his reply, Patil took a veiled dig at Somaiya and without mentioning any names, he said Opposition leaders have got into the habit of making baseless statements. \"Complaints could be made against anybody, but not every case can be turned into an FIR. There is a mechanism to verify these complaints. Therefore, by just saying that the government is not doing anything, the Opposition is maliciously accusing the individual,\" Patil said.Senior NCP leaders, including Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, had come out strongly in support of Tatkare, giving enough indication to partymen to stand firmly behind the minister in the run-up to the state legislature's monsoon session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14892168", "title": "Eddie Murphy targeted in Twitter death hoax", "text": "Twitter went into overdrive after Eddie Murphy was reported dead on Wednesday evening, with the comedian apparently losing control of his snowboard and crashing into a tree.The micro-blogging site went into a spin after a rumor that Murphy had suffered fatal injuries in the collision began to circulate.However, the Hollywood star is alive and well, and probably hasn't even been near the ski slopes, Contactmusic reported.It has been assumed that the hoax is probably linked to a February 2012 story, which claimed Murphy was vacationing in Zermatt, Switzerland with his family, and smashed into a tree while snowboarding.On that occasion, Murphy was apparently airlifted to a nearby hospital but was pronounced \"dead\" on arrival.None of that actually happened, though it hasn't stopped the pranksters starting another Murphy hoax.Deaths rumors are becoming commonplace in the Twitter generation, with the likes of Paul MCcartney , Adam Sandler , Robin Williams , Hugh Hefner , Usher and Vanilla Ice all victims of a hoax in recent months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14895026", "title": "Airtel's new offer for customers", "text": "MANGALORE: Bharti Airtel has launched \"My Airtel My Offer\" for its customers. Taking into consideration usage pattern of a customer, Airtel has introduced the scheme - best customized exclusive offer for each one of their customer. My Airtel My Offer is a 'one stop shop' IVR mode solution for all the mobile users' requirements, both prepaid &amp; post-paid customers, be it best tariffs for local usage, STD usage, best talk-time and best data offers.The customer needs to dial 12131 and follow the instructions and dial 1(121311) to hear best local packs, 2 (121312) to get his best full talk time offer, 3(121313) for best STD packs and 4(121314) to avail best data and VAS offers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14886095", "title": "Life is Beautiful release date is Aug 15", "text": "Sekhar Kammula's \"Life is Beautiful\" is gearing for release on August 15, 2012. This news was gaining momentum ever since the director announced that he's planning for an August release. The production house Amigos Creations said that Life is Beautiful is getting ready for release on August 15 while the audio launch is scheduled for July 27.The film has newcomers Abijeet, Sudhakar, Kaushik, Shagun, Zara, Rashmi, Kavya, Naveen, Vijay, Sanjeev and Sriram in the lead roles apart from Shriya Saran's key role. Life is Beautiful is tipped to be yet another youthful entertainer from Sekhar Kammula that deals with nostalgia and first love. Mickey J Meyer is composing the music and Vijay C Kumar is the cinematographer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14871238", "title": "Woman shot at home by two goons", "text": "RANCHI: Unidentified criminals shot dead 30-year-old Sunita Devi at Hochar locality in Kanke early on Friday. The woman was sleeping with her husband Pulchand Sahu when two persons knocked at the door and asked her to open the door.Sunita thought that the voice was one of her acquaintances and opened the door. \"The criminals asked for liquor. When she said that she had none, they demanded water. While she was bringing water for them, they opened fire,\" Pulchand was quoted by police as saying.An FIR has been lodged with Kanke police in this connection. Sunita's brother Surendra Sahu has, however, suspected Pulchand's hand in the murder.Harinarayan Singh, the officer in charge of Kanke police station, said the couple had some tiff over domestic issues for the past few months. \"We are investigating the incident from all angles,\" Singh said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14863560", "title": "The single, Namaste, topping charts", "text": "The single, Namaste, from saxophonist Kenny G and santoor maestro Rahul Sharma's album of the same name, is hitting the top charts abroad.An East meets West project, the collaborative album Namaste , has a beautiful blend of exotic sounds, melody and harmony. Hypnotic, melodious grooves of the timeless and delicate sound of the santoor are combined with the strong, powerful tunes of the saxophone.The album was released on Concord music all over US and Europe in the last week of June and is already hitting the top all over USA on smooth jazz and world music charts. It has currently been on the US BillBoard charts for weeks is now heading towards the number one position.Currently it is on number two at the top world albums on US Billboard charts and on no 4 on the Smooth Jazz Billboard charts.Composed by Rahul, the album has ten songs with the Grammy winning saxophonist Kenny G and has been remixed by UK's producer DJ Kid Tricky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14872553", "title": "No liquor in films, serials please: MP", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move that has been described as an attempt to Talibanize the country's entertainment industry, a BJP MP from Gujarat has sought a ban on scenes involving alcohol consumption in films as well as on television.Mahendrasinh Chauhan, the parliamentarian, has issued a notice to the secretary general of the Lok Sabha seeking the introduction of a bill in this regard.The move has drawn sharp reactions from people associated with the film and television industry. Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt, who has been fighting against attempts to ban smoking in films, said: \"Censorship in any form is the enemy of creativity. Our elected representatives are now trying to hurl the film industry into the dark ages from which we thought we had emerged. The beast of censor has to be fought tooth and nail by those who love free speech.\"There are some, on the other hand, who feel depiction of substance abuse in serials and films should be regulated. A study by NGOs PHFI ( Public Health Foundation of India) and HRIDAY (Health Related Information Dissemination Amongst Youth) had revealed that schoolchildren who watched Bollywood films were 2.78 times more likely to have tried alcohol as compared to those who were least exposed.Bollywood pundits feel this study could have prompted Chauhan to seek the ban. \"Maybe they are using these findings to justify their absurd demands. But no one will fall for them,\" said Bhatt.Sanjay Chauhan, writer of Paan Singh Tomar, described the MP's move as a fascist one.He argued: \"It will strangulate freedom of expression. Politicians cannot dictate to us like Hitler (did). Alcohol is a part of the lifestyle and culture of our country. How can you keep it out of our cinema?\"Chauhan is worried that he would not be able to write films like Paan Singh Tomar and Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster where, as he puts it, \"alcohol is a character\". \"Imagine what would happen to films like Devdas. Does that mean even our litterateurs cannot create such characters?\" he asked. \"The industry believes in self-censorship and has been doing a responsible job. Forced laws and rules only make people rebel. Liquor is banned in Gujarat, but I am told alcoholic drinks sell really well in that state.\"Angry reactions came from the TV industry as well. \"Politicians should bother about the state of governance instead of encroaching upon our creative space,\" said a TV professional.The film industry is worried over increasing restrictions on the freedom of expression. The promo of Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine has got an A certificate for having four scenes involving smoking, two involving alcohol and two bedroom scenes. The producers have been asked to blur the or insert disclaimers; only then will the promo get a UA certificate. \"The filmmaker has to take additional dates from an actor to dub scenes, which adds to the cost,'' said a filmmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870609", "title": "Mumbai Educational Trust case: No case against Bhujbal, cops tell high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police on Friday informed the Bombay high court that there was no case of cognizable offence made out against cabinet minister Chhagan Bhujbal in a complaint of alleged misuse of Mumbai Educational Trust (MET) property and misappropriation of over Rs 100 crore by him and his family. The NCP leader, his wife, son and nephew are trustees of MET.Advocate General Darius Khambata, appearing for the police, said the complaint filed in February by MET co-founder Sunil Karve made out no case that requires registration of an FIR against the Bhujbals.Khambata argued that Karve's petition was \"not maintainable\" in the high court as he has the alternate remedy of filing a complaint before a magistrate. Justices Abhay Oka and S P Davaresaid said the presence of such an alternate remedy did not place a bar on a petition being filed before the high court and posted the matter for hearing on August 21.Khambata had earlier informed the court that the police, after verifying that the complaint pertained to a charitable trust, had forwarded the case to the charity commissioner. The Bhujbals and Karve have moved the charity commissioner to have others dropped as trustees.Senior counsel Amit Desaid and Prasad Dhakephalkar appeared for the Bhujbals. Karve's counsel Sayaji Nangre objected saying the Bhujbals had no locus to file such a plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14875503", "title": "1,200 telephone lines lie disconnected", "text": "NASHIK: Around 1,200 telephone lines of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) in Rane Nagar, Rajeev Nagar and Chetana Nagar areas have been got disconnected since the past three days, as cables snapped during the widening work of the Mumbai-Agra national highway.A BSNL official said that National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) contacted BSNL headquarters regarding the construction work. However, the information did not come to the attention of the BSNL office in Nashik till the issue was raised with NHAI itself. there was a communication from National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to BSNL but at headquarters and the information never came to the Nashik office till the issue was raised with the NHAI itself.The contractors, who were creating the six-lane highway, on six-laning of the highway, while digging up for laying of pipelines, cut down 1,200 BSNL lines connecting the Cidco exchange to the residents while digging to lay pipelines down. Since the Nashik office did not receive any information, BSNL could not take any preventive measures. Though this was not the first time that the lines were cut down at Rane Nagar, the BSNL official said that there was an official communication regarding the spot but at the headquarter-level, but not at Nashik level, which prevented the BSNL from undertaking preventive measures.Officials realized after earth movers cut the cable that they had constructed a special duct beside the highway through which a cable could be laid in such a situation. of this when the cable was cut down by earth movers for widening of the highway, Only after the cable was cut down by the earth movers of the contractors working for the highway widening, the BSNL officials realised that they had constructed a special duct besides the highway through which a cable could be laid for the purpose.\"As the copper cables buried under the road were cut down by the jaws of earth movers at Rane Nagar junction box, we then chose to put an entirely new set of 100-metre cables through the existing duct of BSNL from Hotel Kashish to ensure no more disruptions take place in this sectionhence forth,\" the official from the BSNL said.The work resulted in connections being snapped.\"It would have been appointed easily by the BSNL itself had the company decided to make alternate arrangements earlier.Had the company made alternate arrangements earlier by putting the cables in the duct and readied it, the job would have been done in a single dayinstead of five,\" the valuable five days of span would have been cut down to just a single day job,\" another official added.The official further added that promptness would have saved the company revenue as well. - the changeover would have been pretty fast - within a day's span thus saving the company's vital revenue as well, thoughThe cost of material, expected to be around Rs 75,000, could not have been lessened in any case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14874012", "title": "HC asks government to form 'dog pond' for stray animals", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court on Friday asked state authorities to form 'dog ponds' and implement the Animal Birth control (dog) rules framed by the Central government in 2001 for stray dogs.Senior advocate J K Singhi, counsel for NGO, Animal Help Society Ajmer which filed a petition, said as per the rules framed in 2001 under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, no government authority can pick a stray dog and throw it in the jungle or any other place outside its natural habitat.It was contended that the municipal bodies across the state were duty bound under the rules to construct a 'dog pond' in each municipal limits where such stray dogs can find shelter, food and medical help among others. But no such dog pond was created by any local self governance body in the state to regulate birth and life of stray dogs.The petitioner said stray dogs were required to be vaccinated and immunized so that the rabies cannot spread. Bringing a glaring fact to the notice of the court, the petitioner also said the secretary of the NGO Dr. Shalini Gupta tried to bring the rules before the Ajmer municipal corporation, the additional collector asked the police to restrain Shalini and her sister Dr Sweeti Gupta from interfering in 'government work' with a warning that they will have to face the music if they continue.The sisters intervened when ward no. 17 councillor Bharti Shrivastava made a complaint with the Ajmer municipal corporation of a huge number of stray dogs in the locality pursuant to which on March 23, 2011 as many as 17 stray dogs were caught by the officials and were being taken to be released in jungle around Ajmer.Both the sisters rescued the stray dogs and the authorities were forced to return the animals back to their habitats. Later police were notified and a preventive order passed by SHO Christenganj, Ajmer, said, \"In case both of you sisters repeat the act again and threaten the authorities to approach Maneka Gandhi , you will be booked and prosecuted for causing hindrance in government functions.\" It was this action of the ADM and the SHO Christianganj that make the sisters approach the high court for quashing of the preventive order besides seeking compliance of the rules framed for stray dogs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14874861", "title": "Varanasi Nagar Nigam assures 100% waste collection by month-end", "text": "VARANASI: The authorities of Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) are trying to make the city clean and beautiful, with proper implementation of solid waste management programme.During a review meeting on July 10, divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari had expressed annoyance over the heaps of garbage, despite the arrangement of door-to-door waste collection. He asked the municipal commissioner to ensure 100% removal of waste from the city. Municipal commissioner P K Pandey said that the total quantity of waste generated in Varanasi was about 600 mt per day, out of which approximately 350 mt was collected on daily basis. He assured that 100% waste would be collected by the end of the month.\"The VNN has engaged A2Z company for waste collection from households and transportation to the dumping ground in Karsara for its scientific disposal,\" additional municipal commissioner Sachchidanand Singh said. He said that A2Z had divided the city into five zones for proper implementation of waste collection and transportation. \"We have also made an appeal to local citizens for cooperation in waste collection,\" said Singh. A toll-free number (18002582550) had also been created to register complaints or give suggestions.The solid waste management (SWM) project, which promises to get rid of municipal waste and convert it into compost (manure) for organic farming, had been initiated under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in the city. Dumping of solid waste at Karsara plant began in June this year while the A2Z had started door-to-door collection of solid waste about two years back. The project worth Rs 48.67 crore was approved in 2008.The municipal solid waste mainly comprise of waste generated in houses, markets, commercial establishments, hotels, hospitals and small-scale industries. According to JNNURM report, it has been assumed that the local residents generate solid waste at the rate of about 425 grams per capita per day on an average. This average generation of solid waste includes local inhabitants (comprising the waste generated by the resident population, shops and commercial establishments, vegetable and fruit markets, construction and demolition and hospital waste, both non-infectious and infectious and the floating population in the town.Most of the waste generated in the city comprises biodegradable, compostable and recyclable material. This is due to the high quantum of religious and vegetable waste and high amount of waste generated due to plastics. A small percentage of waste comprises debris and inert material generated from construction, repair and maintenance activities. The waste contains bricks, cement, concrete, stones, tiles and wood. Normally the waste generated from different sources is thrown on the streets. The habit of throwing the waste on the streets and drains was more prevalent in case of small restaurants and eateries. Clogging of drains due to waste thrown was a common scene in the town. Though the waste management system has been introduced, the narrow lanes and water bodies of the city are used as dumping ground for solid waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14877549", "title": "Medical Council on India team inspects facilities at MGMC", "text": "INDORE: A three-member team of Medical Council on India (MCI) visited Mahatma Gandhi Medical College ( MGMC) to inspect the facilities for undergraduate courses here on Friday. The team, on the first day, remained involved in checking documents related to the infrastructural facilities.The three members including Dr Priyanshu Mohanty, Dr S M Sonone and Dr Usha Rani reached the college campus in the morning, for which college authorities were prepared beforehand. The team checked the documents related to the availability of doctors. They also checked the affidavit filed by the faculty members of the college and also took account of number of doctors required with respect to the undergraduate courses. According to the sources, they verified the utilization of funds on upgrading infrastructure of the college.On the second day, the team will inspect the associated hospitals of the college to ensure that they maintain all required facilities for running the undergraduate courses in the college. It is likely that a team might visit next month to inspect PG courses at the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14876541", "title": "Sangma lowering prestige of President\u2019s office: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Friday slammed PA Sangma for calling Rashtrapati Bhavan a \"dumping ground\" for failed politicians, saying the presidential candidate had compromised the dignity and prestige of the high office by his campaign tone.\"The opposition candidate's language in the presidential campaign is unfortunate,\" AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi said.\"The post of the President is the highest office in the country and the President represents India on the world stage,\" Alvi said, adding, \"Elections and campaigns come and go, but such inappropriate language for the nation's highest office is unacceptable.\"The Congress spokesman added it was a citizen's duty under Article 51A of the Constitution to preserve and protect national tradition and culture while the President too commits it in his oath. \"The President's prestige is the country's prestige,\" he said.The angry reaction over Sangma's campaign came after his repeated attacks on UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee. While the electoral college is heavily tilted in favour of the Congress veteran, Sangma is backed by BJP and other parties, and is looking to make the most of the campaign.Besides positioning himself as a tribal candidate, Sangma alleged that Mukherjee was being backed by corporate houses and accused Congress of luring regional parties through financial packages.The campaign went over the top with Sangma's comment that Congress was turning Rashtrapati Bhavan into a \"dumping ground\", arguing Mukherjee was a failure as finance minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14873917", "title": "College student commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: Rajashri Chimaji Gaikwad (19) allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from a ceiling fan in a rented flat at Talegaon Dabhade on Thursday afternoon.The Talegaon Dabhade police told TOI that Gaikwad, a second-year student of a private agricultural college in Maval taluka, had failed in some subjects, which may have led her to take such a drastic step.Investigating officer Shahaji Athavale said that Gaikwad and her four college friends stayed in a rented flat at Yashwantnagar in Talegaon Dabhade. On Thursday morning, all five girls went to the college to check their exam results. \"Gaikwad had failed in one subject of the first year and five subjects of the second year,\" Athavale said.He said that Gaikwad immediately left the college. \"Her friends looked for her in the college and returned to the flat around 12.30 pm. They found the bedroom door locked from inside. When they looked through the window, the girls saw Gaikwad hanging from the ceiling fan. They immediately contacted the principal of their college,\" Athavale said.The college principal and other students rushed to their flat and broke open the door. They took Gaikwad to a nearby hospital, where she was declared dead. \"We have not found any suicide note. She may have committed suicide due to failure in the exams,\" Athavale said, adding that Gaikwad's body was handed over to her parents. Her father is a lab assistant in a private school in Manchar. \"We have registered a case of accidental death in this regard,\" Athavale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14874622", "title": "National games medal winners feted", "text": "BHOPAL: Medal winners of Madhya Pradesh at the 34th National Games in Jharkhand last year were felicitated on Friday at Tatya Tope Stadium. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan distributed prize money to medal winners.Addressing the gathering, Chouhan said every possible effort would be taken to support players and sports in Madhya Pradesh.This year, the state government doubled the prize money for the medalists of the National Games. Gold medal winner in the individual event at the National Games were given Rs 4 lakh, silver medalist Rs 3.2 lakh and bronze medal winner Rs 2.4 lakh. Earlier, the prize money for the national games medalists in the individual categories was Rs 2 lakh, Rs 1.6 lakh and Rs 1.2 lakh respectively.Similarly, the gold medal winners in the team events at the national games received Rs 2 lakh and Rs 1.6 lakh for silver medal and Rs 1.2 lakh for bronze medal. Earlier, cash award was Rs 1 lakh, Rs 80,000 and Rs 60,000 respectively.Interestingly, players from Madhya Pradesh had won 103 medals, including 25 gold and 32 silver medals at 34th national games in Jharkhand last year. Sports minister Tukojirao Puar, director sports Shailendra Shrivastava and others were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14872210", "title": "NMC loses Rs 6cr paid as VAT on buses", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major financial setback to Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), the goof up of officials from traffic department has led to a loss of Rs 6 crore paid as tax in purchase of 240 buses sanctioned under JNNURM. However, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari defended the officials.Confirming the loss, Tiwari said that the state government had refused to return the amount paid by the NMC. \"NMC incurred the loss but the officials could not be held responsible. The Central government's notification granting exemption from tax was issued after the purchase of buses,\" he said.The Central government had exempted the purchase of buses from paying VAT and Octroi. NMC procured 240 buses from two bus companies and paid VAT of around Rs 6 crore. Besides, Octroi of Rs 74.37 lakh was also paid. After learning late about exemption, the NMC officials started to run from pillar to post for getting back the VAT amount. The government has now expressed its inability to return the money leading to Rs 6 crore loss.The standing committee also passed a proposal to give exemption from octroi in purchase of buses. Here the loss of Rs 74.37 lakh could be saved as it was paid to NMC itself. According to the proposal, the amount will have to be withdrawn from the account of Octroi and deposited under bus purchase head.Informing about the other proposals discussed in committee's meeting, Tiwari said the proposal to recover ten times penalty from the persons who own firearms was passed with a couple of conditions. \"NMC did not get octroi on private firearms since June 1, 1966. The amount will be collected from all those who purchased firearms from 1966 till date. The persons who come and pay on their own and ex-servicemen will be given 10% discount,\" he said.Tiwari also said NMC decided to spend additional Rs 5.22 crore for beautification and pilgrim facilities at Baba Tajuddin durgah at Tajabad. \"Works of Rs 7.21 crore were planned with equal share by NMC and the state government. Already, NMC has spent Rs 30 crore but not received anything from the government. We have now decided to spend from our coffers,\" he said.Tiwari directed the officials to send notice to Spanco Ltd for recovering the cess on electric poles and tax on transformers and substations as used to be collected from Nagpur Electric Light and Power Company before formation of MSEB. Tiwari also informed about NMC request to the Government that it and not NIT should be paid Rs 35-40 crore per year stamp duty. Besides, there are plans for re-starting recovery of Rs 10 per head at weekly vegetable markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "14871962", "title": "Minor's marriage stopped in Nadia", "text": "NADIA: Acting on a tip-off, the Nadia police stopped the marriage of a 13-year-old girl in Kotwali on Friday. The groom has been detained.The local administration of Krishnagar had been informed that the minor girl was about to be married off at Bhatjangla-Bashakpara under Kotwali police station on Friday night. The groom was 30-year-old Uttam Ghosh of Kalirhat Senpara under the same police station. Police picked up Uttam from his home before the wedding could happen.\"We have called the guardians of both the bride and the groom for a meeting so that we can explain to them the ill-effects of minor marriage. We will also take a written undertaking from the girl's parents that they won't marry her off before she turns 18,\" said Krishnagar SDO Purnendu Majhi. tnnThe girl is a Class V dropout while Uttam is a rickshaw van-puller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14876691", "title": "Rat in rice: Minister assures probe", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Minister for food and civil supplies Anoop Jacob has assured that principal secretary (food and civil supplies) Pradeep Kumar will conduct an enquiry into the incident of finding a dead rat in the rice sack distributed to the Medical College Campus Higher Secondary School.The minister visited the school and had the meal prepared at the school kitchen.\"We will find out how this has happened and will take strict action if anyone is found guilty,\" he said.The minister said the school authorities told him that such an incident never happened in the school before.\"I talked to the cook who has been in the school for the past 20 years. She told me that this was the first such incident.I assured them there is no need to get panicked about the incident,\" the minister said. The minister also visited the Supplyco depot at Koduvally and the FCI godown at West Hill.A dead rat, beedi stub and mud particles were found in the rice sack at the school on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872135", "title": "Portfolios not yet allotted", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar is unable to decide on portfolios with two deputy chief ministers - KS Eshwarappa and R Ashoka - reportedly demanding key portfolios. A meeting of Shettar, Eshwarappa, BS Yeddyurappa, HN Ananth Kumar , DV Sadananda Gowda and Ashoka on Friday evening ended inconclusively. While Eshwarappa wanted finance and energy portfolios, Ashoka wanted public works along with home. MP Renukacharya demanded rural development and panchayat raj but Appachu Ranjan is also eyeing it. Varthur R Prakash asked for transport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14870679", "title": "Helmets: Govt gets HC notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday questioned the state government on its failure to make helmets mandatory for women driving a two-wheeler or riding pillion. Justice Rajiv Shakdher issued a contempt notice to the chief secretary for the government's failure to amend motor vehicle rules in two months - by June 25 - as per a division bench order.HC has given the government time till December 14 to respond. The plea was filed by Ulhas P R, who claims to be a social film maker.Appearing for the transport department, counsel Zubeda Begum argued that the government is still examining the rules and can't be held liable for contempt of court. Ulhas said that the deadline of two months to bring about changes in the motor vehicle rules had lapsed which is why he filed a contempt of court plea. His counsel said the government is directly challenging an order of the court by ignoring its key directions.HC had earlier disposed of Ulhas's PIL on the basis of a written assurance by the state government that it will re-examine the exception carved out for women in the motor vehicle rules and amend it. While recording the government's undertaking the high court had granted two months' time to the government for making necessary amendments in the Delhi Motor Vehicle Rules 1993. The PIL had asked that wearing of helmets be made an absolute rule irrespective of gender, creed, caste or religion.The high court had said on April 25, \"We dispose off the writ petition with %the 8direction to the government to undertake the necessary exercise and make suitable amendments, as it deems fit.\"The Delhi government through its counsel Zubeda Begum had also submitted before the court that although a central law like the Motor Vehicle Act has made it mandatory for women to wear helmets, the Delhi government had made it optional in its Rule in 1993 and now it has decided to consider Rule 115 again and make necessary amendments.According to the capital's motor vehicle rules, Sikhs wearing turban and women are exempted from wearing helmets while riding motor-cycles and scooters. Ulhas pointed out that at the intervention of HC only the city government had framed rules making headgear mandatory for two-wheeler drivers and pillion riders but Sikh men have been exempted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "14871078", "title": "2 road robbers arrested with arms", "text": "Garhwa: Ranka police of Garhwa district have arrested two members of a road robbers' gang along with arms and ammunition from Lohwa bridge, 23 km from the district headquarters, on Friday. The gang had unleashed a reign of terror on Ranka-Amibakapur main road for the past couple of days, police said. Police have also recovered a country-made pistol, three cartridges, two China-made cell phones and Rs 13,000 from them. After robbing passengers of a bus, the duo were waiting for another vehicle.Meanwhile, police reached the spot and arrested them, said Ranka police station officer incharge Binay Prasad Mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14870737", "title": "Open manholes glare back at Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Even though open drains have been claiming the lives of innocent people, the Ghaziabad administration has remained lax in taking any action. A day after four-year-old Sunny fell to death in an open drain in Vasundhara, TOI visited the satellite city for a reality check and found a number of open manholes and drains across the city inviting mishaps just under the nose of civic bodies.Not only malls, markets and residential societies, but even offices of government bodies - Ghaziabad Development Authority, Ghaziabad Nagar Nigam and Uttar Pradesh Awas Vikas Parishad - are surrounded by 'death traps' where thousands of people visit regularly.Trans-Hindon colonies like Vaishali, Vasundhara, Indirapuram, Kaushambi, Rajender Nagar, etc have repeatedly been termed as vulnerable, however there is a constant tiff between GDA and the Nagar Nigam as to whose jurisdiction do the troubled areas fall in. Two months ago, when a senior ONGC official died after falling in an open drain, the two agencies, instead of taking appropriate action, got involved in a blame game. GDA had said they were in the process of identifying the official in-charge, but said the Nagar Nigam could have left the drain open.A survey conducted by TOI revealed that manholes remain open in the busiest markets of Sector 4 Vaishali, Sector 15-16 Vasundhara, Indirapuram and Kaushambi. Even malls are surrounded by the death traps. There were open manholes spotted near EDM and in front of Pacific mall. As both malls are in close proximity to Anand Vihar ISBT and Anand Vihar and Kaushambi Metro stations, heavy crowds are seen in and around the area.\"We have lost faith in the civic bodies. Hundreds of letters have been sent to the authorities, but they have elicited no response. We have raised funds and contacted a few suppliers of drain and manhole covers so that we can make our colony a safer place to live in,\" Gulshan Sadana, a resident of Kaushambi.The condition of main Ghaziabad city is nothing better than the Trans-Hindon areas. At various arterial roads and colonies, manholes and drains were found open. There is an open drain in Nandgram along Meerut road which witnesses thousands of vehicles passing by daily. \"The drain has been open for at least two years and many accidents have occurred due to that. We have requested the local MLA and councillor to cover it, but no action has been taken,\" said Anil Dujana, a local resident.Beside Nandgram, open drains and manholes were seen at Jassipura, Vijay Nagar, Rahul Vihar and Kaila Bhatta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14878680", "title": "Water resources department boss to inspect steps to combat floods", "text": "PATNA: As rainfall in the catchment areas of rivers originating in Nepal has begun to increase, state water resources department (WRD) principal secretary Afzal Amanullah will embark on a three-day intensive tour of the eastern Bihar districts this month to make an on-the-spot assessment of the arrangements made to combat flood in the Gangetic and Kosi river basins.Amanullah would first assess the level of department's preparedness in Samastipur, Begusarai and Khagaria districts and in Naugachhia area of northern Bhagalpur, followed by that in Araria and Supaul districts, and finally, at Birpur barrage on the Indo-Nepal border, where the Nepal government this year agreed to hand over to Bihar WRD the work regarding raising and strengthening of the eastern Kosi afflux embankment over the 15-km stretch in its territory in concurrence with the Indian government.According to WRD sources, Amanullah's tour itinerary is being finalized. Incidentally, the breach in the eastern Kosi afflux embankment at Kusaha in Nepal had resulted in catastrophic flood in August 2008, ravaging six districts of eastern Bihar - Saharsa, Supaul, Madhepura, Araria, Purnia and Katihar - apart from forcing thousands of people to seek shelter in mega refugee camps set up in the districts concerned.Besides, during the floods last year, the anti-erosion work undertaken near Vikramshila bridge across the Ganga in Ismailpur block in northern part of Bhagalpur district could not sustain the pressure of water in the Ganga, resulting in partial damage to embankment. The WRD headquarters took action against both the agency involved in the anti-erosion work and also against a couple of government engineers.On July 4 midnight this year, a minor breach occurred in the western Kosi embankment near Hanuman Nagar in Nepal, as the locals scoured the embankment soil for their use.This negligence on the part of WRD engineers deployed at Birpur led to the suspension of four engineers and show-cause notices to two others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14872129", "title": "Drive launched to cover drains and manholes", "text": "NOIDA: Taking a cue from the death of a four-year-old boy in Ghaziabad after falling in an open drain, the Noida Authority CEO has ordered a drive for prompt covering of all open manholes and drains in the city. CEO Sanjeev Saran has given officials two days to follow this order. Saran told TOI that in any case of negligence, the responsible officials will face strict action.The civic agency has also sought active participation from Residents Welfare Associations (RWA) and individuals of various Noida sectors to make this campaign a success. \"It's also important for residents to complain to us on the newly-launched helpline (8860112244) and let us know about any open drains and manholes in their area so that the Authority can take swift action,\" Saran said.\"Thieves often steal the manhole and drain covers and not much can be done about it as there is no mechanism to lock them or make them anti-theft. Many residents also throw garbage by removing the concrete slabs of drains and do not replace them,\" Sanjeev Saran promised.The CEO further directed the additional CEO, Pramanshu Kumar, to send a notice to all project engineers of the 10 work circles in the Authority to gear up for the drive. \"For two days an intensive drive will be undertaken to identify and cover all gaping holes which are like 'death traps' across the city,\" Kumar said. \"We will conduct inspections after the two-day deadline and take required action,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14872915", "title": "Adarsh: Navy man settled in New Zealand got local domicile in 2010", "text": "MUMBAI: Three years after retired Navy captain Praveen Kumar (60) became a citizen of New Zealand, the authorities in Mumbai not only issued him a domicile certificate but also allotted him a flat in Adarsh. This startling revelation was made before the judicial commission probing the Adarsh scam on Friday.Retired Navy captain Praveen Kumar migrated to New Zealand in 2003, surrendered his Indian passport in 2006, and became a New Zealand citizen in 2007. Three years later, in July 2010, the tehsildar issued him a domicile certificate certifying that he was a resident of Maharashtra; in September 2010 the then Mumbai collector approved Kumar's membership in Adarsh allotting him a 605 sq ft flat.Kumar retired from the Indian Navy after 24 years of service in 1996. He currently lives in Auckland , where he claimed he writes books. Between 2003 and 2008 his annual income was around NZ $50,000-60,000. Kumar paid around Rs 70 lakh for his 2BHK flat in Adarsh. During his grilling , it came to light that he had concealed his New Zealand citizenship from the authorities by senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri, counsel for the commission, as well as advocate M Vasudev, counsel for the state government,Confronted with a letter dated December 8, 2008 written by him to the Mumbai collector, Kumar said, \"In this letter I had given my address as 20/B Sheetal Apartments, Ghatkopar. I had taken this room on rent. But in fact I sent this letter from New Zealand.'' When questioned about why he did not mention his New Zealand address in the letter, Kumar chose to blame Adarsh accused and society promoter R C Thakur. \"I did not mention my New Zealand address in this letter because Thakur told me that I should maintain my address in Mumbai to make my case stronger,\" claimed Kumar. \"At no point of time did I inform the collector that I had shifted to New Zealand.\"Subsequently, he was shown an affidavit he had filed in May 2008, where he claimed that he was \"a resident of Maharashtra and residing in Maharashtra since 1968 being in naval services of the Ministry of Defence \". Kumar confessed: \"It is true that on the date of this affidavit I was a resident of New Zealand.\" In July 2010 he was given a domicile certificate. \"On the date of this certificate I was residing in New Zealand. It is true that in my application and affidavit I did not disclose the fact of my residence and citizenship of New Zealand.\" He further admitted that when he got his New Zealand citizenship, he had surrendered his Indian passport.Captain (Retd) Kumar went on to claim that he had dual citizenship. This claim is questionable as India does not grant dual citizenship. Kumar also claimed that the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court had ruled in his favour in a contempt petition he had filed against the authorities in an Adarsh-related matter. However, TOI checked out a copy of the order dated September 23, 2010 (Contempt petition 77 of 2010), where the high court in fact has dismissed the petition.Government sources, however, claimed that since he had applied for membership to Adarsh in 1999, the domicile is for the 15 years preceding that date. \"The question is does his New Zealand citizenship disqualify him from a flat in Adarsh?\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14893738", "title": "Another fight between Balakrishna and Ravi Teja", "text": "Balakrishna and Ravi Teja have locked horns many times in the recent past and Raviteja has the upper hand till now in this battle. Somehow their films have a knack of releasing together even if they were planned for releasing in separate weeks. Once again Balakrishna and Ravi Teja are clashing at the Box office and this time the fight gets interesting.Balakrishna did the key role in Uu Kodatara Ulikki Padatara, which is releasing on August 2. This film has created very big buzz among the business circles that it was sold much prior to the release date. Ravi Teja's August 8th release Devudu Chesina Manushulu has massy outlook and it was directed by popular director Puri Jagannath.Both these films target the same section of audience and it would be interesting to see who will be the winner in this clash. Two big films releasing on alternate days has become a rarity these days. That has happened only once in the recent times. Businessman and Bodyguard released with a gap of one day between them and the former walked away with laurels. Let's see who will this contest between the frequent fighters.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14870482", "title": "Corporator hurls mike at city engineer", "text": "AMRAVATI: The Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC) standing committee meeting on Friday afternoon witnessed high drama after an infuriated corporator, Pradip Dande, on not getting a satisfactory reply to his query, hurled mike towards the city engineer, Dnyanedra Meshram. Soon after the incident, employees of the civic body decided to stop work. Meshram has lodged a police complaint against the corporator.According to sources, during the meeting, corporator, Pradip Dande of RPI (A), raised the issue of asphalting and construction of roads under the urban development scheme for which the AMC has received fund to the tune of Rs30 crore. When Dande asked for details, he was shocked to know that roads in good condition have been proposed for repairing or construction while those in worse condition remain neglected. This led to heated argument between Dande and the city engineer, Dnyanedra Meshram.The argument turned ugly when an enraged Dande threw a mike towards Meshram. The mike hit Meshram's leg. When AMC employees learnt about the incident they started agitating. Meanwhile, Meshram lodged a police complaint against Dande.Police Inspector of Kotwali Police Station, Shivaji Bachate said Meshram in his complaint has mentioned that Dande hurled abuses and threw a mike towards him. He said police are probing the matter. No case was filed against Dande till filing of this report.Talking to media persons, Dande supported his action. He said officials are wasting public money. \"The AMC has received Rs30 crore which would go waste if not spent properly. Officials have proposed construction on roads which are in good condition while those in damaged condition have been neglected,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870649", "title": "Man who transported stolen locker arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kurla police recently arrested a tempo owner who had transported a stolen locker containing silver utensils, gold and diamond jewellery worth Rs 21.5 lakh stolen from Jigisha Patel's (45) Mahim flat on May 23. TOI reported the theft in its May 24 edition.Tempo driver Sanjay Kamble (35) was traced with the help of tyre marks found near a nullah in Chunabhatti, where the vehicle was parked to dump the stolen safe. He was handed over to Mahim police on Thursday.\"Kamble claimed he was paid Rs 2,000 to transport the safe and was unaware about the stolen articles,\" saidDCP (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni. Cops are still waiting to get custody of main accused Hamza and Shakeel, who are in the custody of the Thane police now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14872729", "title": "Man seeks protection from 'murderous' wife", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an unusual case of domestic violence, a husband approached the State Human Rights Commission ( SHRC) on Friday accusing his second wife of making attempts to kill him on several occasions. The state government employee who claimed to be in \"hiding\" fearing attacks from his wife requested the commission to immediately direct police to register a case against his wife and do the needful to protect him.The 54-year-old petitioner, K Ganesh Prasad, resident of Ramnagar in Musheerabad poured out his ordeal to the commission. He said his wife had attacked him with a knife, threw hot oil on him on more than one occasion besides poisoning his food. She even turned on the gas stove throughout the night to eliminate him. Prasad also submitted medical reports to the commission to prove how he was inflicted with physical injuries by his wife. Prasad said he suspected that his wife was eyeing his immovable property and service benefits.In his petition, Prasad said that after his first wife passed away he married B Navaneetha on December 4, 2011 at Yadagirgutta. However, he accused her of lying about her previous marriage. He added that his wife's relatives were also targeting him. Prasad further alleged that his wife stole gold ornaments and cash from his house and took possession of his bank locker keys.Expressing fear over his safety and his adopted six-year-old son, Prasad said that any form of confrontation with his wife was leading to extreme reactions from her prompting her to hold out threats of eliminating him and lodging dowry harassment cases against him.Admitting the case, the commission has ordered the assistant commissioner of police, Chikkadpally division, to investigate the case and submit a report by September 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kolkata/kharagpur", "code": "14872025", "title": "HIV-positive mother and son shunned", "text": "KOLKATA/KHARAGPUR: Little Sanju (name changed) is hungry. He sits on the floor and cries, but his mother can't give him even a biscuit because the kitchen is barred to her. They are pariahs in their own home because they are HIV-positive.Mitali (name changed) and three-and-a-half-year-old Sanju don't have AIDS but the entire village shuns them as untouchables. Wild rumours go around that mosquitoes can bite the mother-son and spread the infection. And this is in Kharagpur, home to one of the premier tech institutes of the country and a three-hour drive from Kolkata.Sanju's father died from AIDS a little over a month ago. He worked as a private security guard at IIT-Kharagpur's Central School. As soon as he died, Mitali's in-laws tried to throw her and little Sanju out of the house, calling her a witch and a husband killer. However, Mitali's mother, who lives nearby, fought back fiercely and forced them to keep the mother-child.Sanju's father started complaining of a debilitating weakness and had constant attacks of cold and cough and stomach ailments in March this year. Gradually he became so weak that he couldn't go to work any longer and spent the day lying in bed. He was initially treated at Kharagpur subdivisional hospital, which sent him to Midnapore Medical College, where he was detected with full blown AIDS.Once they knew he had AIDS, the hospital refused to keep him. Mitali brought him back and he died on June 5. The local doctor then advised her and her two children to go for an HIV screening. Mitali and Sanju tested positive but her elder son, a six-year-old, was clean.Neither the family nor the locality knew the difference between HIV and AIDS and treated Mitali and Sanju like taboo. Mother-in-law Bakulrani was adamant that they would not live under the same roof. She called her daughter and son-in-law from Kolkata and gathered her other sons around her to throw out the mother and child.They tried to force Mitali's mother, Shampa Deb to take her back, but she refused.\"I live with my brother's family. I don't have space to take them back. Why should they be turned out of their own house? They don't have AIDS and even if they did, it is not infectious. What crime have they committed?\" asked Shampa, who often has to send food for Mitali and Sanju lest they go hungry.Shampa first approached local councillor Jaya Pal for help. Pal visited the family and persuaded Bakulrani against turning Mitali out. Kharagpur municipality chairman Jawahar Pal, the councillor's father-in-law, also came to the rescue. \"We found that not only her family but the entire Chatimtala area had turned against the poor woman and her son. The locals feared that her disease was contagious. They complained to me that if mosquitoes bit them and then bit others, the disease would spread. I have tried my best to alleviate such unscientific fears ,\" said Jawahar.The local Chatimtala Club also came around eventually. \"We were a little hesitant at first because we thought that the mother-child could infect others. But we have understood now and will ensure that theyMitali and her son are not turned out,\" said Kartick Kanungo, a club member.But not everyone in the locality is as aware. As Sanju toddled up to a grocery store to buy some lozenges, the shopkeeper shooed him away. \"Stand outside the shop, keep the money there and leave,\" the shopkeeper said, throwing the candies at the boy.\"I think she is a polluted woman who gave her husband and son the disease. She should suffer,\" said a neighbour.The district's chief medical officer (health), Sabitendra Patra, promised regular monitoring of Mitali and her son from Saturday. A medical team will be sent to spread awareness in the neighbourhood.\"We first need to contain the panic in the area. We will educate people so that the mother and son are treated with compassion. We will also take care of their treatment. Since they are HIV-positive, they will have to be under medication throughout their lives,\" said West Midnapore district magistrate Surendra Gupta. The district has 306 HIV-positive patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14870648", "title": "Safety before style: Women show the way", "text": "NEW DELHI: Last week, BCom student Pallavi had a narrow escape when her scooter skidded on a wet road. Thanks to the helmet she was wearing, the 19-year-old got only scratches on her hands and legs.Pallavi belongs to the small but determined group of women who wear helmets while riding two-wheelers, brushing aside concerns of helmets being 'unfashionable' or hair spoilers. While the Central Motor Vehicle Act makes it compulsory for all pillion riders to wear helmets, the Delhi government made it optional in its Motor Vehicle Rules 1993. \"We should use a helmet because it is not about how the law is framed, but our safety. If an accident occurs, it is the head that gets damaged first; and a head injury can make you a vegetable for life,\" said Vibha Wahi, a Japanese language interpreter who started riding a scooter six years ago.Poonam Sahni, a beautician, started riding a two-wheeler 16 years ago. \"The nature of my job is such that I need to travel from one part of the city to another all day. A collision with any vehicle while riding a two-wheeler can be fatal. Although I am an experienced and good rider, I have been in several accidents over the years. A good quality helmet can mean the difference between life and death,\" said Sahni.Akanksha Batra, a second-year DU student, said, \"I have been riding a scooter for three years, and I don't think that a helmet spoils your look. I have a white helmet to match my scooter. I carry a comb and a vanity kit, and use the rearview mirrors to touch up after a ride. The helmet keeps hair from getting windswept, too\".Indu Singh, an administrative officer with an insurance firm, wears a helmet even on a grocery run to the local market. \"Women should value their safety more than style. Making helmets optional is a bad rule. If you are in an accident without a helmet, the lawmakers won't be able to help you. Some women wear plastic caps instead of proper helmets; that is also a bad practice,\" she said.Till April 15 this year, 11 women pillion riders had lost their lives in Delhi. Last year, 47 were killed in accidents, and five of them were riding two-wheelers.The traffic police have welcomed the court order making helmets compulsory for women. \"Everybody must wear helmets, whether as a rider or pillion. Death does not distinguish between the sexes. Even the family members of women riders must insist on their wearing safety gear,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Two-wheeler riders are the most vulnerable road users after pedestrians. Last year, 705 of them died in road accidents. This accounts for more than 35% of the total road accident victims in Delhi last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14873954", "title": "Mysooru plays to a new beat", "text": "MYSORE: The city has yet to experience an international rock band. But from Carnatic, jazz to rock'n'roll Mysore has a place for them all. The heritage city has welcomed the rock band culture with open arms.There are around 15 rock bands in Mysore, most of them. There is no particular genre that is popular. But from alternative rock, metal core, folk rock, soft rock, progressive metal core, Vedic rock to Carnatic rock, it's all out there. And the scene is looking up.Most of the music bands are formed by engineering students. They jam up during the weekends at the residence of band members. Practice sessions are serious business.Competition is stiff at college festivals. Rangayana, the city's theatre repertoire, has also found favour with the bands. Stone Age made its foray at the theatre hub. The city's own Swarathma, too, performed here and launched their second album.Niranjan Dev, who is pursuing his engineering, plays the drums for Plethora. \"The energy generated in rock music cannot be matched by any other genre of music,\" he says. \"We jam up during the weekend. We want to make a career out of music. It is tough, but we would like to achieve it and are working at it,\" he says. While some of the bands got their parents to chip in financially, most bands have raised money on their own to buy the necessary paraphernalia. \"We played in a college in Shimoga and earned Rs 20,000,\" adds Niranjan.For Vaibhav Yamadagni, a PUC student and a band member of Resolute, it is rock music that synchronizes the different genres of music. \"My band members love all kinds of music. In rock, we have bit of house, trance and even hip hop. It is only in rock music that we can amalgamate different kinds of music,\" says Vaibhav, who is the bassist for his band. The band has given five performances in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14872349", "title": "Rice, dal prices shoot up in Bangalore", "text": "There has been a sharp and very perceptible hike in the prices of essential commodities over the past 12 days. From Rs 36 to Rs 42 a kg, sugar tastes none too sweet; it now costs Rs 33 in the wholesale market, up Rs 3, according to the Bangalore Wholesale Food Grains and Pulses Association (BWFGPA).Ramesh Chandra Lahoti, president of the association, said prices have been moving north since the beginning of the month. \"We have no choice but to sell sugar at this rate, or we have to give up our profit margin,\" said Govind M, a retailer in Ulsoor.\"The monsoon has affected the paddy bowl of the state -- Raichur, Davanagere, Bijapur and Siriguppa. There is a 50% deficit in the supply of rice. The sowing of pulses has also been affected. Sowing of moong should have been started by now in Gadag, Bijapur and Bagalkot, but this year, sowing has not taken place,\" explained Lahoti.The wholesale price of rice was Rs 26-31 a month ago, but is now being sold at Rs 36-42 in retail shops. According to Lahoti, only tur dal has been sowed in Gulbarga and Bidar, which received pre-monsoon showers. But both the districts are severely affected by drought now.The price of red gram has doubled from Rs 30 to Rs 60 in one month. The wholesale merchants' association says the price of grains would see a steep hike in the next one month if the rain pattern remains the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872477", "title": "Lokayukta cops nab BBMP engineer", "text": "BANGALORE: A junior engineer of the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike was caught while trying to register a site in his uncle's name in exchange for an official favour to a resident of Kamakshipalya on Friday.Land owner Puttaiah had 25 guntas (over half an acre) of land in Kamakshipalya and after a long legal battle with BBMP, he was able to get the rights to the property. When he approached junior engineer GR Nagaraj of Bharathipura (Ward No 103), the engineer threatened to drag him to the court for another legal battle if Puttaiah didn't register a 41 ft x 43 ft site in his uncle BJ Rangaswamy's name.The engineer promised to pay Puttaiah Rs 750 per sqft for the site, far less than the market value of Rs 5,000. Puttaiah didn't yield to pressure and filed a complaint with Lokayukta police.As per the planned trap, Nagaraj came to the Nagarbhavi sub-registrar's office with a demand draft of Rs 8 lakh and Rs 5.5 lakh in cash. When the registration was under way and officials at the sub-registrar's officer were preparing documents to register the property in Rangaswamy's name, Lokayukta police caught Nagaraj with the cash and seized the property documents.Nagaraj was arrested and a case under Section 7 of the Prevention of Corruption Act was registered against him. Police are investigating if he was involved in similar cases earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14873367", "title": "VCs meet in Trichy stresses on practical learning", "text": "TRICHY: Dr G Thiruvasagam, vice-chancellor of the University of Madras, said in Trichy on Friday that the present education system is flawed and unless and until a lab-to-land initiative was achieved, the present system would continue to produce millions of graduates who would be unemployable in industries. Nor would they ever become resource persons for the future, he added.Dr Thiruvasagam was in the city to participate in a one-day orientation program on popularization of the innovative School-University-Industry-Tie-up-Scheme (SUITS), a brainchild of the Institute for Entrepreneurship and Career Development (IECD) of Bharathidasan University. The meeting was attended by Dr S Sudalaimuthu, vice-chancellor of Alagappa University, Karaikudi, and Bharathidasan University's vice-chancellor Dr K Meena. The IECD's director, Dr K Parthasarathy, had invited the vice-chancellors so that the best practices of the IECD could be emulated by the latter in their institutions.Releasing the SUITS' Teachers' handbook, Dr Thiruvasagam in his inaugural address emphasized that mere bookworms memorising data and theories would be good for nothing, and unless students tested all their theories and learning at the practical level, education would continue to become meaningless. Calling for greater interaction between academicians and industry leaders, he said the University of Madras was for the first time going to promote a western-type science and technology park on a three-acre land at Palavakkam. This park would pave the way for much-needed collaboration between academicians and industry, each of whom would have been provided space within the park where students would have hands-on experience in their respective subjects.Though IECD was established as a self-supportive autonomous institution with a financial support of Rs 1.6 crore from the university's fund, the unique SUITS was implemented in 2009-10 academic year in about 100 schools in Tamil Nadu, and they were provided university certification. The uniqueness of the SUITS was that it had nine specialized courses for differently-abled persons, and it offered skill-based, career-oriented short-term courses to non-student school dropouts and unemployed youth. \"So far, 89,332 such candidates had benefited from the scheme,\" said Dr K Meena. The courses became a huge success that the Higher Education department asked K Parthasarathy to help implement the scheme in the rest of the State's universities.Dr S Sudalimuthu said that since 40% of engineering graduates were unemployable due lack of practical experience, his university was tying up with Apollo Hospitals for its MBA (Hospital Management) so that candidates could do internships for two of the four semesters in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14873961", "title": "'Bill to regulate pvt hospitals to be tabled'", "text": "MYSORE: Minister SA Ramdas said on Friday that the bill to regulate private hospitals will be tabled in the legislative sessions starting next week.Indicating that he is keen to continue as the medical education minister, Ramdas said, his focus lies in making medical treatment cost effective for the poor. \"The government is planning to reserve beds in private hospitals, including multi-specialty facilities, and regulate the charges for the treatment,\" Ramdas told reporters atop Chamundi Hills. \"When I proposed this move, there were oppositions. But we've moved ahead and worked out a plan. The bill will be tabled in the assembly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871966", "title": "Mumbaikars dub tax sops as \u2018gimmicks\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Over the past few months, the ruling party in the BMC has announced certain tax concession proposals, from green initiatives to timely payments. Citizens as well as the civic administration itself, though, say these appear to be \"political gimmicks\" to draw attention from unpopular proposals such as hike in water tax.Take, for instance, recent sops for housing societies, NGOs and social organizations that participate in keeping the city garbage-free. In return, they would get property or water tax sops. The BMC may also start a rating system for individuals and NGOs to recognize their contribution.While the announcement was made by Shiv Sena , the civic administration maintains that no such approval has been given. Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner, said, \"I have asked my department officials to look into the matter. But as of now, no tax concession announcements can be made.\"Anandini Thakoor, chairperson, H-West Ward Federation, said, \"These moves are simply a political gimmick.\" Activist Rajkumar Sharma asked, \"How will these be monitored?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14870404", "title": "AGP calls Tarun Gogoi 'underachiever'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The AGP termed Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi as an 'underachiever' while citing a recent report of the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation (MOSPI) in which Assam ranked poorly in terms of development and growth in per capita income of the people.Addressing the media on Friday at the Ambari office, AGP general secretary Durga Das Boro said that the Tarun Gogoi government has failed totally to take the state forward. \"The MOSPI report ranked Assam at the 30th place in the country, which is almost at the bottom. In terms of growth in per capita income, too, the state has had a growth of only Rs 16.85 in comparison to the national rate of Rs 36.82. The chief minister is an underachiever like the Prime Minister,\" said Boro.The AGP also slammed the government for failing to do anything to alleviate floods, which is the biggest problem in the state. \"The Tarun Gogoi-led government has submitted a total of 36 memorandums to the Centre and demanded Rs 150 lakh crore for flood relief and rehabilitation in the last 11 years, but Delhi has granted only Rs 2,283.18 crore. Is this an achievement?\" asked Boro.The regional party also criticized the state government for failing to protect the common people, especially the women in the state. \"Gogoi has achieved in one aspect - the crime rate against women in the state has grown to become the second highest in the country,\" mocked the AGP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14873513", "title": "Man defrauds ex-civil surgeon of Rs 6 lakh", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police on Friday arrested one Ashutosh Kumar, 35, from Rajendra Nagar under Kadamkuan police station for allegedly defrauding an ex-civil surgeon of Patna of Rs 6 lakh.City SP Kim said, \"Former civil surgeon Radha Krishna Chaudhary lodged an FIR with the Kadamkuan police station against Ashutosh Kumar of Rajendra Nagar on July 10.\"According to police sources, Ashutosh took money from Chaudhary two months back promising admission of his son Rahul to the Vellore Institute of Technology, Tamil Nadu. But when Rahul's name didn't figure in the list of selected students and Ashutosh refused to return the money, Chaudhary lodged the FIR.However, Kadamkuan PS SHO Sanjay Kumar said, \"Ashutosh doesn't have a criminal background. There are no previous allegations of this nature against him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14877707", "title": "False ceilings cover smoke detectors in new building", "text": "MUMBAI: A fire safety inspection of the 21-storey new administrative building on June 29 revealed fire safety and firefighting equipment were inaccessible due to false ceilings and renovation work.After the Mantralaya fire, the Maharashtra Fire Services and the Mumbai Fire Brigade carried out an inspection of the new administrative building , which is situated across Mantralaya and houses several government departments, besides being the seat of the state election commission, the state RTI commissioner, the Lokayukta and the state data centre.The inspection report (TOI has a copy) submitted on July 2, identified several deficiencies that render the building a fire risk, many of them the result of additions and alterations to the original floor plan and design. Activist Chetan Kothari obtained the inspection report under the Right to Information (RTI) Act.During inspection, fire officials found that existing smoke detectors on certain floors were hidden by false ceilings and renovations of cabins rendering the smoke detectors \"not accessible\" . Similarly, fireextinguishers and manual call points were hidden by wooden partitions and additions on certain floors.The inspection revealed that canteens on the fifth and 12th floors of the building used LPG cylinders (four and two respectively) without permissions or \"adequate fire precautionary measures\" . A similar observation on canteens in the Mantralaya building was made in 2008. The department recommended a review of the canteens by the medical officer of the BMC's A ward.Nozzles of hose reels used to fight fire were missing on certain floors, smoke detectors were non-functional on three floors. The UPS and battery rooms were stacked with files and documents while hooters and sirens for fire safety were not audible.Meanwhile, raising a privilege motion in the legislative council, Shiv Sena's Neelam Gorhe said excessive use of wooden interiors and carpets had made Vidhan Bhavan a fire risk and insisted on a review of its fire safety.Blaze revisited1 A room (no. 111) similar to a chamber comprising two cabins and a local server room on the fourth floor (room no 411) from where the fire started, was identified on the first floor of Mantralaya2 The furniture and equipment in the cabins and the local server room were arranged in exactly the same way as it was in room no. 411, to re-create the scene before the sparks started3 The eye-witnesses who first suspected sparking in the local server room were asked to take their positions at the exact spots where they first heard the sparks4 UD joint secretary Suresh Kakani and his secretary Rohidas Khale, who first heard the sparks on June 21, were asked to identify the recreated sounds and their direction5 When the engineers recreated sparks in the server room, the eyewitnesses, mainly Khale, confirmed the sparking which came from between the UPS and the switch rack (to which computers were connected)6 The re-enactment exercise confirmed that it was an electrical fire which had started near the UPS, either on the incoming or outgoing terminal supply to the switch rack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870519", "title": "Chancellor nominee to probe revaluation scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Chancellor's nominee in management council of Nagpur University Sanjay Khadakkar will enquire into the fake revaluation/re-totalling scam that rocked the institution after TOI expose on July 8. He will be filing a report to chancellor's office within a couple of weeks.\"I have received a letter from council members to enquire into the matter. However, the NU officials haven't conveyed me anything in this regarding. Whatever knowledge I have got, it is through newspaper. I will first talk to the officials concerned before filing any report to the chancellor's office,\" Khadakkar told TOI.He acknowledged that irregularities in revaluation of papers were \"serious\" in nature and thorough enquiry was must. \"I enquired the BCCA paper leak case because I knew the details of the case and had written in my report that paper was leaked. But in this case, I am not aware of details,\" he said.The decision of the probe came after letters sent to him by many council members, including Dinesh Agrawal and Kirti Dikshit. They said in the letters that the revaluation scam provided ample testimony to the fact that the administration led by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal had totally collapsed. \"His administration seems to be 'prompted' in nature and 'guided' in character. It appears that the whole thing is mortgaged to a set of people, who are ruling the roost and catering to the vested interests,\" they mentioned.Board of Examinations (BoE) Pramod Yeole, who also wrote one such letter, said it is not possible to go into the root of the scam without a judicial enquiry. \"It is ridiculous that marks of a particular candidate, who is close to the accused NU official, were increased during re-totalling in as many as three papers which helped them clearing the subjects,\" he added.'Needle of suspicion on some Exam Section officials'NU sources have pointed out the needle of suspicion to few Exam Section officials who were working at the same place since more than two decades. They stated that these officials were also working when infamous Kohchade scam took place and some of them were allegedly involved in the modus operandi. Even in present scam their role couldn't be ruled out as they were well aware of all procedural loopholes. Sources raised a question as to how the officials in such a sensitive section can be kept at same place for well over two decades. Meanwhile, assistant registrar (Revaluation) Sandhya-Chunodkar-Handa, alleged kingpin in the scam, had gone on leave without any intimation to the NU authorities. \"She failed to resume duties today. Yesterday she had taken a half day citing health reason,\" In-charge of Academic Section FK Bhagat told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14872968", "title": "Hookah parlour owner at Barkas arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city police on Friday raided a hookah parlour at Barkas and arrested its owner for allegedly running the business without licence.Police apprehended Omer Ahmed Afari who was running the parlour called Straight Hookah House. During the raids we found four teenagers smoking hookah. They were taken into custody and let off after counselling,'' South Zone Task Force inspector S Mohan Kumar said. Twenty hookahs besides packets of 16 different flavours used in them were seized. Cases were booked against Omer under various sections of Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Regulation Act of 2003.Earlier on Thursday, several hookah centres in Golconda, Humayun Nagar police station limits were raided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14871840", "title": "Demolition drive on, engineer suspended", "text": "GURGAON: The MCG commissioner on Thursday suspended a junior engineer for allegedly failing to stop an unauthorized construction coming up in his area. The move comes just days after the principal secretary of the Urban Local Bodies instructed that strict action be taken against officials who fail to check unauthorized construction in areas under MCG jurisdiction.According to MCG officials, the owners of the commercial buildings were carrying out construction without getting the building plan approved. Apart from suspending the official, the corporation on Friday demolished two unauthorized under-construction buildings coming up at Acharya Puri.These buildings were built for commercial purposes on residential land. One of these sites located in New Colony was built in over 600 sq yards. It was registered in the name of one Sanjay Kathuria.Four JCB bulldozers were deployed for the demolition. Another building located on Bus Stand road was demolished with the help of two JCB bulldozers. This building was registered in the name of one Vivek Saini.The order for this demolition was passed by K K Gupta, MCG joint commissioner-II. The officials took rapid action as both the buildings were demolished within half an hour.However, the demolition left behind tonnes of debris on both the sites and the residents complained that the MCG didn't bother to clear the debris from the streets.When asked, the MCG officials said that the responsibility of clearing the debris lay with the defaulters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14870387", "title": "State cultural troupe to perform in London Olympics", "text": "GUWAHATI: A 16-member cultural troupe led by well-known drummer Ranjit Gogoi is all set to give a taste of dhol and pepa to London. The troupe will perform at a special event 'Brent Celebrates the Flame' that is being held to celebrate the Olympic Torch Relay in London on July 25.The troupe will also perform at another event titled 'Indian Campaign for Olympics' on August 1 and 2 at the Royal Festival Hall of South Bank Centre in London.Addressing a meeting, Ranjit Gogoi said, \"This is an initiative of Rini Kakati, who is an NRI and she is helping us make all the arrangements. It is indeed a very prestigious event as we will be performing at the prestigious Olympics. Though I have performed in London before, this is the first time that I will be showcasing Assam's culture and tradition at such a prestigious event.\"He said, \"Like Bhangra, Bihu too is gaining popularity all over the world. On July 20, we will reach Kolkata and from there, we will fly to London on July 23.\"Rodali Bora, one of the youngest members of the troupe said, \"I am very excited that I will be going all the way to London to perform at the Olympics. We are rehearsing now and I hope everyone appreciates our performance.\"The troupe is being supported by chief minister Tarun Gogoi, minister of culture Pronoti Phukan, ONGC chairman and members of the Assam Pollution Control Board, Assam Chamber of Commerce and other organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14874046", "title": "MEA to hire 500 officials to push proactive diplomacy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with a massive capacity shortage in the foreign office that may be impacting Indian diplomacy, foreign secretary Ranjan Nathai said on Friday that the ministry of external affairs (MEA) would recruit over 500 officers in the next few years.Launching a new MEA-IDSA report, \"India's Neighbourhood Challenges in the next Two Decades\", Mathai countered the general criticism that MEA only responds to developments, and is far away from proactive diplomacy. MEA, he said, has not been \"entirely reactive, nor have we let the acute shortage of resources stop us from taking some proactive steps\".Questioned about the lack of personnel, Mathai said they were looking at ramping up the foreign office's strength by recruiting 500 more officers in the next few years. The MEA has one of the smallest diplomatic forces in the world, with less than 1,000 officials taking care of both headquarters and overseas posts. The shortfall, at times, is attributed to the ministry being overly stretched and unable to stay ahead of the diplomatic curve.Defending the MEA's position, Mathai said, \"We have created bureaus within our ministry that deal with emerging issues. We have stepped up recruitment of personnel into the Indian Foreign Service. We have also increased the intake from other services and backgrounds to build in-house expertise on non-traditional areas.\"We are funding an increasing amount of academic research across India on foreign policy issues. We understand that domestic factors will influence policy towards our neighbours and have created a presence in State capitals through Branch Secretariats. We have created a Development Partnership Administration that will look into optimizing the programmes that are being devised for development cooperation with our partners in the developing world, particularly with our neighbours. Visa regimes and consular issues remain a challenge but receive our constant attention.\"Emphasizing the fact that South Asia remains the focus of India's foreign policy, Mathai said New Delhi needs to fine tune its policy responses. He observed the \"promotion of a politically stable and economically secure periphery is a paramount foreign policy objective for India\", and the country has been working towards \"fostering inter-connectivity and mutual confidence in multiple areas, in promoting trade and investment, and in trying to leverage India's rapid economic growth into win-win arrangements with our neighbours\".Asked about the extent of shortages, Mathai said, \"We have not carried out any study to assess the shortage but we will be inducting 500 personnel in next few years to meet our requirements.\"This was a step taken during the tenure of Shivshankar Menon as the foreign secretary, who alerted the system about the lack of human resources. The foreign office theoretically can recruit from outside, but the IFS prefers to stay within the UPSC system, and pick up from the civil services pool. This may not always result in the best choices, which then entails a long process of in-house training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14872771", "title": "Missing Congress leader found dead", "text": "GUNTUR: The body of Congress leader and former ZPTC member Bolagani Prasad, who went missing a week ago, was found in the bushes near Repalle on Friday. Police retrieved the body from the bushes near Maruthota village of Repalle mandal and sent it for autopsy.Police launched an investigation into the missing of Prasad three days ago after his wife Padmaja lodged a complaint on July 7. The role of the car driver of Prasad, Nanchariah, is beingsuspected in the murder. Nancharaiah is believed to have taken the assistance of his friend to loot Prasad and kill him. He appeared before the police after the case was registered and told them that he had dropped Prasad at a residence in Guntur last week. Making an attempt to divert the police attention, the driver said that Prasad had been visiting a woman's house in Guntur and he was not aware of their relationship. Thinking that his disappearance could have been a result of the extramarital relationship, police too focused on grilling the family members and the woman named by the car driver.Surprisingly, police without keeping him in their custody despite the family's suspicion, let him off by simply directing him to be available for further questioning.Meanwhile, Nacharaiah fled the village. After ruling out the role of extramarital relationship, police quickly investigated the role of Nancharaiah and got the clues.According to sources, one of the accused, who assisted the car driver is believed to have confessed to the crime before the police unraveling the mystery.Bapatla DSP Bhaskar was monitoring the investigation. Bolagani Prasad who represented Pittalavanipalem as ZPTC member was considered to be a close follower of former minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana. Prasad is reported to have removed Nancharaiah from work following a tiff last month. He, however, took him again into his service after the latter apologised for his mistake. Prasad's family suspects that Nancharaiah deliberately came back to take revenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14875127", "title": "Trapped in e-bullion con", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an online gold trading fraud, over 12 city residents have fallen prey to two Malaysia-based online investment companies promising heavy interest on investment in international bullion market. The residents have lost more than Rs 50 lakh to these firms.The two companies -- Unipay 2U Chennai and Best Genious Malaysia - have offices in Chennai and Bangalore too.An investigation by UT cyber cell revealed that their servers were being operated from Malaysia and the director of one of the companies, Dr Preshnath Arumugam, has fled the country.Two of the residents, Vinod Rattan and Rakesh Baali, have filed a police complaint against the companies and over 10 persons have approached the Punjab and Haryana high court.Sources in Sector 17 cyber cell said, \"The firms started the investment business around four years ago and approached the city residents in May 2010. Some of Rattan's family members too had invested money in a firm.\"The money was deposited in the companies' different accounts in Axis Bank and HDFC Bank in Chandigarh and Mohali.Rattan said, \"Initially, I had invested around Rs 1.80 lakh and was provided an account by the company in which monthly interest was deposited. The company website showed that my and other investors' money was being invested in gold trading.\"\"Instead of withdrawing the interest, I was further investing it in the company,\" he added. \"Look-out notices against prime accused James and Arumugam will be soon issued. FIRs were registered on the charges of cheating, forgery and under Section 66A of Information Technology Act,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871319", "title": "Will release irrigation white paper soon, says deputy CM", "text": "MUMBAI: The state has announced its decision to table a white paper on irrigation projects later this year. Deputy CM Ajit Pawar on Friday announced in the state legislative council that a white paper on irrigation projects will be tabled before the commencement of the winter session of the council in Nagpur.Proceedings had to be adjourned thrice on Friday after the Shiv Sena , BJP and other opposition members voiced their protests over the matter.Pawar said, \"The DF government is not against the white paper. It is not possible for us to table the report in the ongoing monsoon session, but we will table it before the Nagpur session starts.\"The issue of cost escalation and time delay in irrigation projects was raised by BJP legislator Pasha Patel during the question hour session. Patel said legislators have been left confused by different figures from the state about the quantum of area under irrigation.\"Is CM Prithviraj Chavan's statement that there is merely 0.1% rise in irrigation area correct or is the claim by water resources minister Sunil Tatkare right,\" Patel asked. Tatkare's department claimed that there is a 5.17% rise in the area under irrigation.Defending close aide Tatkare, Pawar said, \"Crop patterns have changed and water consumption has increased. These factors need to be considered before coming to any conclusion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14876830", "title": "PINALised: Baroda skipper loses top job", "text": "VADODARA: Baroda wicket-keeper Pinal Shah , who led his team to Ranji finals in 2010-2011, has been relieved of skipper's responsibilities for the upcoming Shafi Darashah invitation tournament in Karnataka. Shah has been replaced by Hyderabad cricketer Ambati Rayudu, who joined Baroda Cricket Association (BCA), two seasons ago. The BCA management tried to downplay the captaincy issue by saying that it wanted to give opportunities to youngsters but sources said that it was a warning bell for Shah ahead of the 2012-13 Ranji season.Shah wasn't given even vice-captaincy of the squad that he led for last three seasons. Young Kedar Devdhar, who debuted in 2010-11, has been made vice-captain. The absence of senior players like Pathan brothers and Munaf Patel was also discussed during the selection meet. Irfan Pathan , though, was picked up for Sri Lanka tour on Friday after Vinay Kumar was ruled out due to injury.\"It is an invitation tournament and we are pushing the youngsters to undertake more responsibilities. Ambati is a young player, who has been performing well for BCA and he is a wicket-keeper too. We have made him captain so that we have players, who can assume important roles in the team as and when required,\" said BCA secretary Sanjay Patel.\"It will be good for Shah too as he will now be able to focus completely on his wicket-keeping and batting. Devdhar being a young player will understand the pulls and pressures of handling a team. We have included as many youngsters as possible in the team,\" Patel added. Several BCA officials pointed out that Rayudu was an outsider. However, Patel said that BCA doesn't consider Rayudu as an outsider as he has played many tournaments for BCA.A BCA official, however said, \"Shah has been removed from captaincy because of performance issues. He couldn't put up good performance last season as Baroda didn't even reach knock-out stage. And, his wicket-keeping too seemed weak in some tournaments. Ambati can keep the wickets and he bats very well in middle-order. Shah will have to pull up his socks ahead of the upcoming Ranji season.\"Sources also said that absence of some senior players was discussed in the selection committee meeting. Pathan brothers and Patel are attending a National Cricket Academy (NCA) camp. \"It is unfortunate that senior players are not available for the tourney. The young players would have learnt a lot from them,\" said a BCA official.Squad for Shafi Darashah invitation tournamentAmbati Rayudu (capt), Kedar Devdhar (vice-capt), Pinal Shah, Bhargav Bhatt , Saurabh Wakaskar, Rakesh Solanki, Anupam Gupta, Aditya Waghmode, Murtuza Vahora, Firdaush Bhaja, Utkarsh Patel, Abhijeet Karambelkar, Lukman Meriwala, Shabbir Sheikh, Ketul Patel, Monil Patel, Arpit Bhatewara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14873636", "title": "Ganga rising at Shuklaganj", "text": "KANPUR: The rise in level of Ganga had left people living in the Katri region worried. Sources said that the water level at Shuklaganj bridge recorded a rise of over 45cm on Friday.\"Water is rising each day and this a major cause of concern for everybody. We have started making alternative arrangements at the nearby bandha,\" said Ram Kishan, a resident of Katri.The administration puts sand bags at vulnerable points and arrange boats for emergency services every year.Nimmi, a housewife said, \"The news of rise in water level in Ganga has started terrifying people. We fear that if flood situation arise like in 2011, all their belongings would be washed away.\"Meanwhile, sources in Central Water Commission (CWC) stated that there was no need to panic and the situation was under control.Going by the recent incidents of drowning, locals of Katri and adjoining villages have also demanded that the authorities should come with measures like deployment of volunteers, besides installing sign boards warning people not to venture in deep waters for fishing or bathing.\"Despite the increase in water level, youth have been seen venturing near the banks for fishing, unmindful of the risk that may arise if the water level rises suddenly,\" said Deepak.The last few days have seen more than a dozen drowning cases at the various ghats across the river. But, there have been no move by the district authorities to make proper police arrangements or deployment of volunteers or divers.On July 1, two teenagers drowned in Ganga river at Chandan Ghat. He said water levels would rise suddenly due to the heavy rains. Such a situation only invites incidents like drowning.\"Police personnel deployed at most of police outpost close to the river do not have knowledge of swimming and are without safety gadgets. They only reach the spot after a drowning incident takes place. Most of the river banks are without notices warning people of the dangers,\" Rakesh Jaiswal, president of Eco-Friends said.There is a provision of deployment of a separate wing of police called Jal Police on the river bank. The personnel of this wing are deployed near the banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "14872927", "title": "Gandhi on lips, Selvaraj pedals to fight the bottle", "text": "SALEM: Selvaraj, 33, is surely an odd man in a state that sustains itself on revenue raised from liquor sales. He is on a cycle tour to champion prohibition and reached Salem on Friday.A leaf seller at Koyambedu market in Chennai and a member of 'Gandhiya Makkal Iyakkam', an NGO dedicated to spread Gandhian thoughts, plans to collect one crore signatures to press the government to impose prohibition in the state. \"Wherever I go, people welcome me, especially women who appreciate my service. They say if the men were not addicted to alcohol, their family life would have been much happier,\" he said.Selvaraj also does his bit to persuade alcoholics to leave the bottle. \"Many of them told me that they got addicted knowingly or unknowingly, but wanted to escape the addiction. However, they are unable to do so because of the easy availability of liquor. If there were no liquor shops, it would have been easier for them to get rid off this habit,\" he said.Selvaraj started his journey in Chennai on July 7. He plans to cycle across the state and spread the message of prohibition and the need to fight corruption for 50 days. \"My journey was flagged off by Gandhiya Makkal Iyakkam founder Tamilaruvi Maniyan in Chennai. I am planning to collect one crore signatures from the public during my journey,\" he said.So far, he has cycled through Thiruvallur, Arakkonam, Vellore, Ambur, Krishnagiri, and Dharmapuri. \"I cross at least 50 km daily. I have planned to complete my journey in 50 days. At night, I take rest at the homes of Iyakkam members in the locality,\" he said. He spends at least a day in every district and distributes pamphlets and collects signatures, at lest 200 daily, from the public. Signature forms are distributed among volunteers, who wish to collect them and submit to the Gandhiya Makkal Iyakkam's office in Chennai.In Salem, local activists, Franklin Azad Gandhi, K R Chinnapaiyan and P Radakrishnan received Selvaraj in front of the Gandhi's statue at the old bus stand. S M Palanimuthu of Attur joined Selvaraj in Salem and will travel with him for a few days. He will pass through Namakkal, Erode, Tirupur and Coimbatore in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14871004", "title": "Forget car, find my dog: Man to cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man, resident of Vasna, left his dog and car to the custody of an ashram in Naroda as he went on pilgrimage to Amarnath with the ashram mahant. However, when he came back two days back, he was shocked to know that the car and the Labrador dog had been missing. He has named caretaker of the ashram for the theft.According to Naroda police officials, Shailesh Bhatt, a resident of Shalibhadra Apartment near Anjali Crossroads, was earlier living in Naroda and was a frequent visitor at Ganesh Ashram in the area. Last month, when he visited the ashram, the mahant asked him to accompany him to Amarnath pilgrimage. Accepting the offer, he started off on June 24 from Ahmedabad. At that time, he had left a Tata Indica car and his three-year-old dog to the custody of Amit Mistry, caretaker of the ashram.\"As per Bhatt's complaint, he got the dog from a friend in Mumbai two years back and since then it had been part of his family. The dog was left behind by an Australian couple. The family was so attached to it that the dog also got mention in the invite of marriage of Bhatt's son a year back,\" said a Naroda police official.Sources said that Bhatt's family is in great grief and his children have uploaded photograph of the Labrador on their social networking sites to get any details. \"They have told investigators to find the dog whether or not the car could be tracked. The family members visit the police station at least once a day to get updates,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14871971", "title": "No peafowl is dead: Admin", "text": "GURGAON: The animal husbandry department on Friday denied the reported deaths of peafowl in Gurgaon district in the past fortnight. Not a single bird is dead, about 19 birds took ill and they recovered completely after being treated, a release from the department signed by the official said.However, according to reports, the viscera of one dead bird has been sent to Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI), Bareilly by the rescue centre of an NGO, Wildlife SOS, in Gopalpur and the report on the cause of the mysterious death is awaited.Environmentalists say that an \"unknown viral infection\" or reaction of these birds to some new chemical pesticide could be the cause of their sickness. According to DFO (wildlife) Kulwinder Singh, the department has written to various centres, including Bariely, to ask them for the exact cause of the sickness of the birds. \"We do not have any fresh cases reported and it has come to my knowledge that the rescued birds have shown signs of recovery,\" said Singh.Meanwhile, according to the caretaker at People For Animals' Sadrana centre, the birds have been administered antibiotics and vitamins which has put them on the road to recovery.However, when asked what could have caused the ailment, the caretaker said he was not aware and that the veterinary doctor at the centre was away on leave. The caretaker confirmed four birds were brought in from Kasan in the last two days to the PFA centre.The Wildlife SOS's Gopalpur rescue centre had received five birds on Thursday from Kasan of which four were peacocks and one was a peahen. According to reports, the centre has received as many as 40 cases in the past fortnight from the area. \"All birds have similar symptoms - they look sick and dehydrated and are unable to fly. One of the birds which died has been sent to the IVRI centre. A postmortem conducted at the rescue centre does not point to the exact cause of death,\" explained Kartick Satyanarayan, co-founder, Wildlife SOS which has been assisting the forest and wildlife department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14872559", "title": "Group of traders calls the shots in safety gear deals", "text": "MUMBAI: The process of acquiring anti-terror gear has been hijacked by a section of traders across the country, a senior IPS official said, expressing concern over the quality of efforts made to modernize the police force in view of growing security threats.\"We have 20 traders dealing in security-related equipment. We have been negotiating with them all along despite the fact that the actual manufacturers of these products are prepared to supply them. It's shocking as to why the state government does not negotiate with the manufacturers,'' he said.A decade ago, the Centre drafted an ambitious plan to modernize the police and improve the efficiency of law-enforcing agencies. However, say experts, a review of the steps taken by the state leads one to the conclusion that it has failed to draft a clear policy on the procurement of weapons and equipment. \"We received a lot of funds from the Centre for modernization of the police force, but we failed to use the entire amount. As a result, in 2005, the Centre reduced the allocation for Maharashtra. It appears that we have been unable to chalk out a roadmap on how to tackle terrorism,\" the IPS official told TOI on Friday.He said nearly four years have passed since the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks, but the Maharashtra home department is yet to procure quality bulletproof jackets.The official argued: \"It reflects the seriousness of the government. The home department has been saying that it has written to the Centre. Can a state, which has been a target of terrorists, afford such a situation?\"A former DGP said it was unfortunate that over the past decade, the government had been unable to set up its own forensic science laboratory to test equipment and develop technical expertise. \"Thanks to our casual approach, there is a lot of scope for manipulation. Traders and a section of officials benefit from this,\" he added.In the absence of expertise, the former DGP said, technical specifications are drafted by the traders. \"Look at the purchases made by us in the past 10 years. By and large, we have followed the advice of the traders. In several cases, we have realized after purchasing the equipment that we have failed to sign the annual maintenance contract. After spending huge sums of money on the equipment, we have to shell out more for the AMC. I don't think any other state follows such an ill-advised path,\" he said.A large number of equipments are tested at the Chandigarh forensic science laboratory, it was pointed out. \"As we have little scope of checking the process of quality testing, we have to depend on its report. However, we have seen in the past that some of the equipment have not been up to the mark despite getting the laboratory's approval,\" he said.Before 2008, the state used to pay the entire cost of the equipment before its delivery.\"Once a trader got the entire amount, there was no check on the quality of the items supplied. From March 2008, we stopped this practice and introduced the system of payment on delivery,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14873897", "title": "Several trains cancelled due to derailment", "text": "KANPUR: A number of trains were cancelled or diverted through other routes after a goods trains derailed near Mughalsarai. The derailment took place at around 9.15 pm on Thursday between Bhabwau and Durgawati railway stations. The 26 wagons of the coal-laden train fell off the tracks.The trains that have been cancelled by North Central Railways include 13040 - Delhi-Howrah Janta Express, 13039 Howrah Delhi Janta Express, 13112 Delhi-Kolkata Lal Quila Express, 13111 Kolkata-Delhi Lal Quila Express, 12397 Gaya-New Delhi Mahabodhi Express, 12398 New Delhi-Gaya Mahabodhi Express, 12874 Anand Vihar-Hatia Jharkhand SJ Express, 13008 Sriganga Nagar-Howrah Toofan Express.Also a number of trains have been diverted. Train No 12820 Bhuvneshwar-New Delhi Orissa Sampark Kranti Express was diverted via Allahabad-Naini-Manikpur-Katni-Chopan, 12876 New Delhi-Puri Neelanchal Express diverted via Mughalsarai-Patna-Gaya, 54106 Allabahad Mughalsarai passenger partially cancelled between Chunar-Mughalsarai, 12440 scheduled to arrive at Gomo on Saturday will run via Chunar, Chopan-Barka-Muri 22812 Scheduled to arrive at Gomto on Saturday will run via Chunar-Chopan-Barka-Muri-Tata, 12802 scheduled at Gomo on Saturday will run via Chunar-Chopan-Barka-Muri-Tata, 12816 scheduled to arrive Gomo on Sunday will run via Chunar-Chopan-Barka-Muri-Tata-Khadhagpur, 12826 scheduled to arrive at Gomo on Sunday will run via Chunar-Chopan-Barka-Muri. 19306 Shipra Express on Friday remained diverted via Chopan-Singrauli-Katni (did not come to Allahabad), 19305 Shipra Express ON Friday remained diverted via Katni-Singrauli-Chopan (Did not come to Allahabad).12312 Kalka Mail on Friday remained diverted Via Mughalsarai-Jhaja. Similarly, 13308 Ganga Satluj Exp on Friday remained diverted via Mughalsarai-Patna-Gaya.Train nos. 12176 Gwalior-Howrah Chambal express, 12322 Mumbai-Howrah mail, 12324 New Delhi-Howrah Rajdhani express, 12312 Kalka-Howrah mail, 12260 New Delhi-Sealdah Duronto express, 12495 Bikaner-Kolkata express, 12372 Jaisalmer-Howrah express and 12988 Ajmer-Sealdah express also remained diverted through Mughalsarai-Patna-Jhaja route.Train numbers 12311 Howrah-Kalka mail, 13009 Howrah-Dehradun Doon express, 12321 Howrah-Mumbai mail were diverted through Jhaja-Patna-Mughalsarai route.Also 12322 arriving at Mughalsarai on Saturday will be diverted via Mughalsarai-Jhaja.Similarly, trains numbers 12314, 12988, 12382, 12308, 12176 and 12274 arriving at Mughalsarai on Saturday will remain diverted via Mughalsarai-Jhaja.The railways have also set a helpline each in Allahabad and Kanpur. Allahabad helpline No is 0532-2407352 and Kanpur helpline No is 0512-2323015,16,18. The derailment took place at around 9.15 pm on Thursday between Bhabwau and Durgawati railway stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14889657", "title": "Karnataka CET online counselling woes continue on Day 2", "text": "BANGALORE: While Day 1 of Karnataka CET online counselling was marred by late declaration of seat matrix, network congestion and super-slow website, Day 2 witnessed a different problem altogether.Out of six links on KEA website for students to choose their preferences, four were kept under restoration till late evening. When students with CET number falling under first two links (AA001 - BZ999) could go ahead and try their luck, the rest were left with no other option than to play the waiting game. These links, the only thoroughfare for students to block a seat, were being blocked and released every few minutes.\"First I waited for hours together for the third link to be released as my CET number falls in that category. Once it was released, I tried to go ahead, but it failed. A message flashed that 'server is busy'. I have no clue what is going on. I tried yesterday but could not go ahead due to server breakdown. Although online counselling was a great idea, the department should have implemented it after being sure that they can handle it,\" said Sharan Patil, a student.Those who thought of trying their luck early morning also went back empty-handed. \"I logged in at 9 am. But as soon as I opened the website, I saw the message, 'There are many logged on right now. Please login after 3 pm'. The message kept flashing constantly till 3 pm and after that the link with my CET number was blocked for restoration,\" said Deeksha Cauvery, a student.Smooth Sailing Soon: OfficialsOfficials said the problems will be sorted out completely by Friday evening. \"After experiencing excess traffic due to students logging in multiple times from the same machine, we decided to put six different servers so that every one gets a fair chance. We have split one database into six and four of them are already working. Rest two links are still locked as we need public IP from e-governance section of the government of Karnataka. There are network specialists working at Vidhana Soudha and these links will start working as soon as we get the IPs,\" said an official. Date Extended Till July 19Owing to the shaky start of the online counselling, the Karnataka Examination Authority has decided to extend the date. Now students can enter their options of courses and college till July 19. \"We have extended the dates as we were busy linking the servers to CET numbers of Friday. But the process of online counselling is back on track with this. Now it is going to be smooth. Students will have lakhs of options, but they should not feel that their job is done. They should always revisit and revise their options,\" said Rashmi V, executive director, KEA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14892529", "title": "Nish releases Pind De Chobare", "text": "Nish was born into a family where almost everyone had an association with music. Nish continued this family trait and started singing at the tender age of three and went on to giving her first public performance at the age of six. She appeared as 'The youngest Gospel Singer' of the UK at the age of 11 with her beautiful gift of a debut album 'Tera Shaafi' which comprises of the heart touching tunes and lyrics.'Tera Shaafi' was warmly appreciated by the people around the globe.Nish stepped into secular music in 2011 with another amazing contribution 'Yaad Piya Ki Aaye' at the age of twelve which is a remarkable presentation. Music lovers from different parts of the world are appreciative once again with her performance at such an early age. She composed her first song at the age of eleven. Having being naturally blessed and gifted in the field of music, she is also a self taught musician and can play drums, guitar and piano.Looking at her interests, efforts and performances, it seems as if she is a singer by birth. She has the aptitude and ability to pick new experiences in music rapidly. Nish intends to work hard in the field of music to achieve a prominent position.Nish presented her second single entitled 'Ji Lay' at the age of just thirteen. 'Ji Lay' is an electro hip hop song and the subject is about living a good life where there is no hate or war.Recently Nish launched her latest offering 'Pind De Chobare', a single with a mixture of Giddha and Bhangra. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14888171", "title": "Radio shoot progresses", "text": "The shooting of director Ummar Muhammed's 'Radio' has started at Kochi. The film is being produced by S C Pillai, under the banner Vijay Combines. He has earlier produced the well-appreciated movie 'Passenger'. The script of 'Radio' is by Nizam Rawther.The cast includes Nishan, Thalaivasal Vijay, Manian Pillai Raju, Kochu Preman, Harisree Asokan, Irshad, Iniya, Sarayu, Sobha Mohan and Thesni Khan.The cinematographer is Deepu S Unni. Lyrics by Rafeeq Ahmad have been composed by Mohan Sithara.Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14873771", "title": "'Make renewable energy certificate trading simpler to encourage corporates'", "text": "PUNE: Involving public sector units and providing incentives to buyers are the main challenges for creating voluntary markets for renewable energy certificate (REC) in India, said Pramod Deo, chairman of the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission.He was speaking in a workshop on renewable energy certificate mechanism on Friday. REC is a market mechanism which helps states that do not have the potential to meet the minimum renewable energy purchase obligations set by the regulatory commission. Deo said a consortium needed to be formed by agencies involved in renewable energy generation and distribution in order to create awareness about the REC market.The workshop, 'Creation of voluntary REC market in India', was organised by the World Institute of Sustainable Energy (WISE) and focused on how a voluntary REC market could be created in India so that more trading takes place.Deo said, \"REC trading has been in operation for more than a year in India and about 15 transactions have been carried out. However, it has been noticed that these transactions have been mostly carried out by government entities. We want more corporate houses to volunteer and do trading in the REC market. Only then will the REC market expand in India.\"Deo said the process of registration for REC was so cumbersome that even if corporates wished to trade they desisted from doing so. \"WThere was an IT company which was keen on buying renewable energy in order to portray the green image of the company. However, eventually it realised that the process was cumbersome and backed out. So, we need to look at how we can make trading simple and hassle-free for everybody,\" Deo said. He said that orders have been issued to public sector units across the country to buy green energy and make it a part of their corporate social responsibility.G M Pillai, founder director-general, WISE, said, \"There has to be some motivation for corporate houses to get involved in REC. A financial benefit or tax rebate will encourage them to be players in the market.\"It is certain that renewable energy is going to undergo a major transformation by 2020, but for that we need to build enough awareness from now,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14886649", "title": "Gustav Klimt's 150th birth anniversary: Google pays tribute with a doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Search engine giant Google on Saturday celebrated Gustav Klimt's 150th birth anniversary with an attractive doodle.Gustav Klimt (July 14, 1862 - February 6, 1918) was an Austrian symbolist painter whose prominent works created much controversy as it celebrated frank eroticism. But in the contemporary times, his works are recognised among the most expensive pieces of art. The subject of his works was female body and his works include art objects, paintings and murals.Google paid tribute to Klimt with a doodle displaying one of his artwork ' The Kiss ' (In German: DerKuss ) painted between 1907-08, which is known 'Golden Period' of his life, the high point of his creativity. The canvas depicts a couple embracing each other and their bodies entwined in decorated robes. It is an oil paint artwork that gives a strikingly modern theme.Most of his paintings were created using gold leaf, which received much appreciation and criticism worldwide. Several of his works have been destroyed and the remains are preserved at various galleries across the world. Also, many of his paintings were left unfinished.Born to a gold engraver in Baumgarten in 1862, near Vienna, Klimt spent most of his childhood in poverty. Because of his interest and passion towards artwork, he was awarded a scholarship to the Vienna School of Arts and Crafts in 1876. On February 6, 1918, he died of a stroke and pneumonia and was buried at the Hietzing Cemetery in Vienna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14873058", "title": "Woman crushed under RTC bus", "text": "HYDERABAD: A woman was killed while six students escaped unhurt when an RTC bus hit a two-wheeler and then an autorickshaw carrying school students at Abids on Friday.Abids police said the accident took place at around 3.45 pm near the petrol bunk opposite SBH Gunfoundry branch. G Prema Latha, 50, who was pillion riding on a two-wheeler, got crushed under the wheels of the RTC bus that was on its way from Lingampally to Koti. \"Prema Latha was travelling along with her husband, Ramanacharyulu and fell on the right side and came directly under the wheels of the bus. Ramanacharyulu suffered minor injuries,\" Abids sub-inspector K Ranga Subbaiah told TOI.The bus driver went on to hit an auto that was packed with six students who were on their way home from school. Luckily all the six escaped without any injuries. The children were students of Sujatha High School and were on their way to Moghulpura.Prema Latha was a resident of Raidurgam where her husband is a priest in a temple. They were on their way to Koti. The bus driver fled from the spot soon after the accident. Abids police registered a case under Section 304A (rash and negligent driving) of Indian Penal Code against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14873663", "title": "Dysfunctional CCTVs shows administration\u2019s apathy towards law and order", "text": "KANPUR: The poor management and demolishing strategies of the district administration is giving tough time to the residents of the industrial city. Tall claims of the administrative officials of installing CCTVs to keep an eye on illegal activities at prime crossings of the city is no more in evidence. All the CCTVs are lying dysfunctional while no CCTVs have been installed in newly launched city buses giving smooth way to the incidents like theft, eve-teasing and lot.The cases of accidents, chain snatching, loot, auto-lifting has shown a steep rise in the industrial city in past few months. The CCTV installed at prime market locations including Bada Chauraha, Phoolbagh, Kidwai Nagar are lying defunct since past several months. Even the CCTV control room at Kotwali has never been unlocked since past 14 months.This laxity of district administration is giving an opportunity to anti-social elements as their activities would not be trapped anymore.Its important to mention here that CCTV camera have been installed at some prime locations of the industrial city about two years ago, in 2010. This has been done by the traffic department to keep a vigil on anti-social elements and activities and also to regulate traffic smoothly.But all the installed CCTVs are lying dysfunctional. Some got damaged in rain while many were stolen by thieves.Importantly, these CCTVs helped the police authorities to trace several auto-lifters and theft incidents happening at these crossings at the time when they were functioning.Even the city denizens are shocked to know about the lackadaisical approach of district administration and traffic department as they are not bothered that a framework meant for development and costs in lakhs is getting ruined.\"Its pathetic that the authorities like traffic department and district administration are insensitive to government property. This CCTVs framework must have costs the city in lakhs and it was seriously meant for the betterment. But its only the laxity of government officials as they are least bothered about government money and technological measures for betterment,\" said RP Shukla, a senior citizen.Reverberating similar words, Smriti Mishra, resident of Kidwai Nagar said that she feels shame that she lives in Kanpur where parks like 'Motijheel' developed with crores of rupees got ruined in year just due to laxity. She rued that roads constructed gets ruined in months and no development has took place in last decade apart from increased crime level and corruption.\"If there would have been an arrangement of CCTVs at major crossings of the city, the incident of loot happened with ladies bus would not have happened. The thieves and anti-social elements atleast will have a fear of being trapped in CCTV surveillance,\" said Namita Verma, a student adding that incident of loot in ladies bus is very shameful.Talking on the issue of dysfunctional CCTVs, Mani Ram, SP Traffic accepted that no CCTV camera are functioning right now. He also acknowledged that no cameras are evident at any crossing except Tatmill.\"The cameras are lying dysfunctional from the time I was posted here. I tried many times to make them functioning but such procedures are lengthy and take lot of time. The project of launching more CCTVs at prime locations is in pipeline,\" added Mani Ram, SP Traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14870853", "title": "Coal strike ends, TTPS to resume work today", "text": "BOKARO: Production at the Tenughat Thermal Power Station (TTPS) will be normalized on Saturday as coal transporters, who were on a strike for the past four days, have withdrawn their agitation following negotiations with the management. The power facility is set to light up its Unit-II on Saturday which was closed after facing shortage of coal supply.The strike had stopped coal supply to the TTPS in Gomia which had badly affected its production. For the past four days, the transporters stopped ferrying coal to the power plant demanding hike in transport rates and repairing of roads.The production of the TTPS, the only unit of the Tenughat Vidyut Nigam Limited (TVNL), had dipped to 200 MW from its power production capacity of 400 MW a day.Chief engineer of the TTPS Ramavatar Sahu said the two units of TTPS required around 7,000 tonnes of coal everyday for power generation.The coal was transported to power station through trucks and dumpers from Tapin, Kedla and Puraj collieries of Ramgarh and Amlo and Kalyani collieries of Bermo. Around 500 trucks of different transporters are used to supply coal to the TTPS plant every day. \"The strike has affected the coal supply following which one unit has been closed,\" said Sahu. He said negotiation with the Truck-Dumper Owners' Association (TDOA) and the Akhil Jharkhand Shramik Sangh, the unions which have called strike, was one. \"The matter will be resolved soon,\" he added.TDOA president Mathura Prasad Sao said unless their demand was met by the management, the trucks would not ferry coal. \"Our demands are genuine. The roads are dilapidated and should be repaired. The rates of payment should also be hiked for the benefit of owners\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14872871", "title": "Delhi-based gang behind chain snatchings in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police have stumbled upon a startling piece of information: A Delhi-based gang has been involved in several chain-snatching incidents in North Chennai. A special team is now in Delhi on the trail of the kingpin who is reportedly operating from there. According to sources, a bike found abandoned on Govindappan Naicker Street on July 3 triggered a probe that put police on to the gang.Two men on a bike snatched a chain from a woman and where trying to escape when a few passersby tried to catch them. The chain-snatchers abandoned the bike and managed to flee from the clutches of the mob.Soon, police traced the address of the bike owner, a resident of Alwarpet. After enquiries revealed that he had sold the bike to a North Indian, police nabbed Imtiaaz and Abitha of Delhi from the Elephant Gate area. From the information provided by the duo, investigators came to know about the gang members and their extravagant ways.The gang members would fly into the city in groups, split themselves into several smaller units and target the unwary on second-hand motorcycles purchased here, sources said. After a mission is accomplished, they would jet back wearing the stolen gold chains. They travel as family members on the return flight, police said.The arrested duo told investigators that after landing in the city, two-member groups would leave for different areas and survey the locality before striking. Some check into lodges posing as couples, while others rent houses for a brief period and mainly target women living alone on the pretext of seeking addresses. The gang members had made at least 10 trips to the city in the recent past, the sources added.After achieving their 'target', they would fly back and immediately dispose of the loot to avoid being caught by police. The money for the flight charges to and from Chennai is deducted from the share of each member, sources said.A special police team from North zone is camping in Delhi to nab the kingpin, the sources added. \"Only after apprehending the kingpin will we be able to secure other Delhi-based gang members involved in snatching chains in Chennai,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14877606", "title": "Saurabh wins DPS debate competition", "text": "INDORE: An Inter-DPS zonal level debate Competition was held at DPS, Indore on Friday in order to encourage and nurture the youngsters the essence of effective debating. Seven DPS schools, from Bhopal, Hyderabad, Indore, Jabalpur, Secunderabad and Vindhyanagar participated in the competition.The topic for the debate was \"morality is moral only when voluntary\". In all, 14 participants engaged in an impressive exchange of words and reasons, where they not only defended but also well argued against the motion. DPS Indore, represented by Saurabh Ganguly and Kshitij Bakliwal, brought laurels to the school by bagging the first prize.DPS Secundarabad secured second position whereas DPS Vindhyanagar came third. Besides, Pranav Pratap Singh Baghel from DPS Bhopal was adjudged the best 'Interjector'. DPS Indore and Secundarabad will participate at the international Level Debate Competition to be held at Panipat in November 2012.The participants were judged by Manisha Pandey, Ashok Sachdeva and Rahat Ahmed. The chief guest Laura Mittal and the school principal Surender Sachdeva congratulated the students on their brilliant display of content, delivery and diction. Vote of thanks was given by vice principal Sunila Bajaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14870186", "title": "Guwahati molestation: How an editor saved victim from assaulters", "text": "GUWAHATI: If it was tea stall owner who came to the rescue of Adivasi girl Laxmi Orang here five years ago after she was stripped and molested by a gang of miscreants in broad daylight on city streets, an editor of a city-based vernacular daily turned out to be the saviour of Monday night's victim of molestation outside a bar in Guwahati.It was well past 10 pm on Monday when Mukul Kalita, the father of a Major in the Indian Army, was returning home after releasing the first edition of a popular Assamese daily he edits. Before Kalita, three youths had tried to save the girl but they mob chased them away. Kalita was brave and he challenged the mob as he dialed 100 for help.\"I was only trying to be the human being that I am,\" is how Kalita puts it. He recalls, \"I was slowing down at the traffic signal when I saw this girl running towards my car. \"Mujhe bachao\", she was shouting as she kept running towards my car with the mob following her. I parked the car and held her hand and dialed 100.\"\"She fell on the ground and grabbed my feet asking me to save her. At that moment, I did not care about the violent mob charging towards me. They abused me, shoved me and even hit me but I was not letting them touch her anymore. She had been already stripped and I could only move around her to hide her modesty,\" said Kalita.After police arrived at the spot, Kalita handed over the girl to the cops and left the place for his home, only to get another shock. \"I switched on the TV at my home 15 minutes later and saw live pictures of the mob not letting police take away the girl. I was surprised how armed policemen were letting themselves to be heckled by the mob.\"Kalita had even blocked the TV channel cameras doing live from the scene from showing the face of the girl. \"The whole night I could not sleep. I don't have a daughter and the scenes were quite disturbing for me,\" said Kalita, who is known to be a very soft spoken person and gentleman to the core in the journalistic circle here.In 2007, it was 36-year old Bhagiram Barman, a tea stall owner, who took off his shirt to cover a naked Adivasi woman (Laxmi Orang) running on the road leading to the assembly and crying for help. She was stripped naked and beaten by three youths in retaliation to a group of Adivasi protesters creating mayhem on the streets to press for their demand of ST status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14870513", "title": "5-year-old raped in Jogeshwari", "text": "A five-year-old girl was raped by an unknown man at an isolated spot near a slum in Jogeshwari on Thursday. The Oshiwara police have registered a case. The accused had approached the girl when she was playing outside her house. The girl, who resides with her parents in Jogeshwari (W), has provided a description of the man to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "gurap (hooghly)", "code": "14872347", "title": "HC seeks report on rehab probe", "text": "GURAP (HOOGHLY): A health check-up at the rehabilitation home in Hooghly's Gurap on Friday revealed an appalling tale of starvation and disease.The day also saw the Calcutta high court admit a public interest litigation demanding a CBI investigation into the death of Guriya, a mentally challenged inmate whose body was dug up at the rehab on Wednesday. A bench of Chief Justice J N Patel and Justice S Chakrabarty directed the principal secretary (home) to file a status report on the alleged murder of the 32-year-old woman.The medical examination of all the 33 inmates of the home showed they had starved for days together and were highly malnourished and susceptible to diseases. Besides, they had not received any treatment over the past six months. It was perhaps this intolerable suffering that forced another inmate, who was shifted to the Uttarpara vagrant home two days ago, to escape.The inmate saw her chance while on the way to the the Uttarpara State General Hospital for a health check-up and fled. Mamoni Das had pleaded with district magistrate S Rangarajan to move her out of the \"hell hole\" when the official visited the home following Guriya's death on Wednesday. She was then sent to the vagrant home. On Friday, she managed to flee while being taken to the hospital and could not be traced till late evening.The police on Friday arrested five more persons who had easy access to the home, but prime suspect Shyamal Ghosh remained elusive. According to the police, Shyamal was in charge of distributing food at the home. He would starve the inmates if they dared to disobey him. He could enter any room at any time and was a habitual sex offender. After interrogating the inmates, the police are convinced that Shyamal raped Guriya before killing her and burying the body.The post-mortem on Guriya's exhumed body was carried out on Friday at SSKM Hospital. The report revealed a fatal injury on her head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14872096", "title": "'MSEDCL will have surplus of Rs 1,908cr at existing tariff'", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) has challenged the claims of MSEDCL that it would need a massive tariff hike to meet its expenses for 2012-13 and said that due to levy of host of surcharges, MSEDCL would have a surplus of Rs 1,908 crore even if power tariff was not increased by a single paisa.Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) held a public hearing on MSEDCL's power tariff petition for 2012-13 at Vanamati Hall on Friday. R B Goenka of VIA claimed that due to these surcharges MSEDCL earned a surplus of Rs 86 crore in 2010-11 and Rs 54 crore in 2011-12. On the other hand, Anil Khaparde, executive director of MSEDCL, claimed that the company had incurred a loss of crores in 2010-11 and 2011-12 as MERC had not allowed it to recover additional expenses on time.Goenka came down heavily on MSEDCL for its failure to reduce employee expenses. \"Even though it is outsourcing everything, MSEDCL continues to recruit more people, which defies all logic,\" he said. The power expert pointed out MSEDCL had not refunded Rs 35 crore excess ZLS surcharge. He also urged MERC to not allow MSEDCL to recover cost of shifting poles from consumers of Nagpur solely.Reiterating the need for open access for industries, Goenka said that it was estimated that 1 MW and above consumers consumed about 20% of the energy sold. \"The revenue loss at existing cross subsidy surcharge and wheeling charges shall be only to the tune of 1.28%. This shall further reduce after Commission decides the tariff. However, this will help industries of Maharashtra become more competitive,\" he said.Several persons criticized the power franchisees. Goenka said that as MSEDCL was selling power to four franchisees at a subsidized rate, it would lose over Rs 700 crore in 2012-13. He also slammed Spanco for its failure to reduce losses. Several other consumers charged MSEDCL with not taking action against the franchisee in spite of its failure on several fronts. MSEDCL ED Khaparde replied that Spanco had been issued notices for not paying dues and its failure to reduce losses.Mahendra Jichkar pointed out that due to lopsided tariff of MSEDCL, a residential consumer consuming over 1,000 units paid more than a commercial one having the same consumption. He also pointed out that MSEDCL's proposed tariff hike of 17.6% was misleading as fuel surcharge had been merged with the existing tariff. As per the petition, the tariff hike for domestic consumers in 0-100 units slab was almost 50%.Ashok Lanjewar of Jan Akrosh flayed MERC for not taking action against MSEDCL for massive corruption. MERC chairman V P Raja later asked Khaparde to make a submission as to what steps the company would take to punish corrupt employees. Nilesh Rohankar of MSEDCL Subordinate Engineers Association (SEA) claimed that the tariff hike was needed for meeting the expenses of infrastructure upgradation.Many other organizations and individuals slammed MSEDCL for its inefficiency while some urged the Commission to make certain changes in tariff philosophy to rationalize the tariff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14873856", "title": "Opening an exciting window to the culinary world", "text": "HUBLI: Food and hospitality are the ever expanding sectors in the local as well as the global context. Food in recent years has seen a lot of variations to suit the tastes of people from different cultures and backgrounds.Experiments are being made, blending tradition with modernity and nativity with international food habits, to dish up an exciting menu to the discerning customers.As such, demand for manpower with expertise in food preparation and technology is on the rise.The University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad, has started BTech in food technology from this academic year, to prepare students for the industry requirements. Speaking to TOI, A K Rokhade, technical officer of food technology, UAS said that BTech is a four-year course which can be pursued by students after II PU with PCMB combination. During the four years, food processing, food microbiology, food engineering, food business management and other topics will be covered.The syllabus of the course will be of all-India level, which is prepared by the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR).About 20 per cent of the syllabus will change to accommodate nativity of the region.After completion of the course, students will get plenty of job opportunities in food and hospitality industries in various capacities as quality control engineer, food technical head, researchers and other posts. Graduates can also open their own business in food production, marketing, packing and allied services, the technical officer of the varsity said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14872169", "title": "School teachers overworked &amp; underpaid", "text": "NAGPUR: While teaching is one of the noblest professions, it also has to be ranked among the worst paid. School teachers across the country employed with private schools are paid salaries that might not even cover their transportation costs and Nagpur is no different.Hence, it comes as no surprise that very few top scorers in state opt for a career in teaching. Data released by the Maharashtra State Council for Educational Research and Training shows that only 1.8% of those who enrolled for the Diploma in Teacher Education (DTEd) scored above 80% in their Std XII. The same data shows that in 2012 the enrolment figures for DTEd dropped by 50% as compared to the previous year.Unaided schools in the city are starting off teachers (with no experience) from as low as Rs2,500 per month and they still have no dearth of applicants. Neela Banerjee, a CBSE teacher, said, \"I recently went for an interview and was told that for the first year my salary would be Rs2,500 per month and then it will be raised to Rs4,000 - and I thought that my current salary, Rs8,000 per month, was bad!\"Be it state board or CBSE affiliated schools, salaries seem to be heading south almost every year. Rajshree Dhake, director of a state board school, said, \"Many do their DTEd after Std XII and are themselves not qualified to teach, but since they are willing to work for such low wages why would schools raise the bar? For every post that is advertised we get at least 20 applicants though we do not feature in the top schools.\"Dhake justified the low wages at her school citing low fees charged from students. \"In most of the private unaided schools the average monthly fee is around Rs500, so you cannot expect us to pay sixth pay commission salaries to teachers. We have other costs like electricity, water and infrastructure maintenance to look after as well,\" Dhake added.While it is true that not all schools pay such low salaries, the average is still a pathetic Rs6,000 per month for freshers. Jyotsna Patel, a CBSE teacher, said, \"Only schools like Bhavan's and Centre Point (CPS) pay sixth pay commission salaries after a year of joining, while other schools in the top 10 will start you off at Rs8,000. In fact, every teacher elsewhere is always on the lookout for opportunities in Bhavan's or CPS.\"With the low level of salaries, the immediate concern is clearly on the quality of education being imparted. Rama Nambiar, a parent whose son is studying in Std I, said, \"Poor salaries are bound to have direct impact of teachers' work. Their overall attitude towards work will be negative and they won't have enthusiasm to teach students. Students need to be given special attention in primary classes which serves as the foundation. Adequate payment will motivate teachers to put maximum efforts and enjoy their work.\"(Names of all teachers have been changed)OVERWORKEDAs if the low salary level wasn't bad enough, CBSE teachers find themselves overburdened with work ever since the board introduced its Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system. Under CCE, various activities and projects have become a part of the grading system and teachers are struggling to finish their syllabus on time. Sheela Razdan, a CBSE teacher, said, \"If I don't take my work home I will never be able to finish it. It is not only CCE which has added to load on our heads but other functions, school trips, guest lectures and even hosting of competitive exams also barely leave us with any time to breathe. Sometimes, I feel that I spend only 25% of my time teaching while the rest is given to co-curricular activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14871428", "title": "Train between Anand Vihar, Gorakhpur", "text": "LUCKNOW: To clear extra rush of passengers, Northern Railway will run two trips of special train 05027/05028 between Anand Vihar and Gorakhpur. The train started its run from Friday. Train number 05028 Anand Vihar-Gorakhpur will depart from Anand Vihar Terminal at 2.10pm on July 14 and 17 to reach Gorakhpur at 05.35am the next day. Train number 05027 left Gorakhpur at 8.30pm on July 13 (Friday). It will run for another trip on July 16 to reach Anand Vihar Terminal at 12.10 noon the next day. TNNThe train consists of one AC-3 tier, nine sleeper class, nine general class and two second class cum luggage van coaches. The train will stop at Khalilabad, Basti, Mankapur, Gonda, Barabanki, Lucknow and Moradabad stations enroute in both the directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14891915", "title": "If an offer to join Rajya Sabha comes my way, I'll think about it: Viswanathan Anand", "text": "The 64 squares of a checkerboard might mean the world to him, but Viswanathan Anand is a picture of calm even when he's not battling an opponent.In Kolkata on a whirlwind tour on Thursday, he rubs shoulders with the city's well-heeled at a welcome dinner hosted by grandmaster Dibyendu Barua and Srenik Sett.There's no sign of fatigue that touring the length and breadth of the country might have brought along. Amidst all the hullabaloo - the chatter, the flashbulbs, the adulation - his only distraction is son Akhil, who fiddles with his father's cellphone.Vishy takes him in his lap, very much the doting father. That sets the ball rolling for this interview - where the five-time world champ reveals several facets to him, chess being just one of them.Excerpts:In Bengal for a felicitation ceremony, did you get to hear from CM Mamata Banerjee?I spoke to her as she couldn't be there in person. It was really nice that she called. Over the phone, she congratulated me and said it was very good that I won. She was very warm.After winning the fifth world championship against Boris Gelfand in a tie-breaker, you had mentioned that it was the most difficult of all games and even said, 'I simply hung on for dear life'. How 'difficult' was difficult?That tends to be your feeling after every match, but I think this one really went full length. By some yardstick, you can also consider it to be the toughest.So, it was more difficult than facing Vladimir Kramnik ?The match with Kramnik went so unbelievably well that it ended in eleven games. Here, we went past 12 games. So, there was a difference.During the championship, Garry Kasparov had said that you lacked motivation and were 'sliding downhill'. Do such jibes affect the game?My usual response is to ignore that sort of thing, but because of who he is, the press kept giving his comments a lot of attention. So it had quite some nuisance value, let's put it that way.After the world championship, you met Russian president Vladimir Putin , who referring to the Russian Cultural Centre in Chennai, said, 'We brought this upon ourselves'....I think it is not something you respond to. But yes, it was a funny remark.Dibyendu Barua suggested you be given the Bharat Ratna. Bhaichung Bhutia too said that Leander Paes , Sachin Tendulkar and you deserve the coveted title...I'm grateful, but beyond that, I can't say much. These are not the things you campaign for. If somebody is making an effort on my behalf, then I would definitely want to thank them.While on Sachin, the legendary cricketer has taken oath as a Rajya Sabha MP. If an offer comes your way, would you want to follow suit?I'll think about it then. I'm not trying to anticipate which offers might be made and by doing so, get ahead of myself.Soon after the championship, Spain, where you are currently based, won the Euro. Was it double the celebrations for you?The championship finished well in advance, so I got to watch most of Euro. In fact, we went to Spain around that time and got to watch a lot of matches there, then we came back here and watched the finals in India. The final, unfortunately, was ridiculously easy I thought. I expected it to be a lot more difficult. I think 4-0 was getting too embarrassing for the opponents. But then, all's well that ends well.Coming to your son Akhil, wouldn't you want him to grow up to be like his father?You mean playing chess? If he expresses an interest in the game, I would teach him. Beyond that, it's up to him to decide what he wants to grow up to be.Does he understand that his father is a sporting legend?He's just too small - 15 months old. This is something beyond his understanding.How much of an influence has wife Aruna been?Aruna does all the travelling with me. She is certainly a part of all the efforts I make.You've won the world championship five times. Is there anything left for you to achieve?It's always tough, in chess and outside chess. There's lots to achieve as long as you enjoy the game. For me, it's always the next game and I take it from there.Recently, the sports world was shaken by the rape charges on athlete Pinki Pramanik. Did the news travel to your ears?I heard about the story and the fact that there was some controversy, but couldn't make much of it. Since I didn't follow the case closely, it wouldn't be fair on my part to comment on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14895703", "title": "Month on, no trace of missing Ghatkopar teenager", "text": "MUMBAI: The Pant Nagar police have appealed to citizens to come up with information on a 14-year-old boy who went missing from Ghatkopar last month. Ashish Viegas, a school-going student, resided at the Pant Nagar police quarters in Ghatkopar East with his family.\"On June 9, Ashish had accompanied his mother to the Pant Nagar market around 10 am. After they finished shopping, his mother instructed him to go home while she proceeded to her workplace. But Ashish never reached home. His family searched for him desperately but could not trace him. His mother, Sylvia (38), then registered a missing persons' complaint with us,\" a senior police official said.Sylvia told the police that Ashish was dressed in a blue jeans and a white t-shirt with singer Michael Jackson's photograph embossed on it. He is 5.3 feet tall and dark complexioned. Ashish's family provided his photographs to the police. But after their inability to trace Ashish for a month, the cops have now begun to circulate his photographs publicly.\"We want to appeal to citizens to report a teenager matching Ashish's description on 022-25013624,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14870917", "title": "Prepare to pay for premium numbers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhites will soon be able to bid for \"fancy and VIP numbers\" for their cars, with the Delhi government to come out with its policy for auctioning such numbers at high prices.The policy, which will soon be put before the cabinet for the final nod, aims to augment revenue by Rs 100 to 200 crore. \"In Delhi, around 1,500 cars are sold every day. Of these, at least 100 buyers approach ministers and bureaucrats daily with a request for a VIP or fancy number. With a policy like this, we will not only earn some extra revenue but also get rid of these nagging requests,\" said a senior officer.While the minimum price of the most sought-after number '0001' will be Rs 5 lakh, other VIP numbers have been divided into categories based on their demand (see graphic). The category having number '786', considered auspicious by the Muslims, will come for at least Rs 2 lakh. Under a no-bidding category, one can choose any number, barring those belonging to the other series, for an additional Rs 20,000. Under it, numbers will be available based on birthdays, anniversaries or numerology. Series with Nos. 1111, 2222, 3333... 9999 and those having '00' as the last two digits along with any preferred number (2700, 8200) will also come under it.Numbers 0001 to 100 are now allotted only to the official vehicles for ministers, legislators, bureaucrats and judges or private vehicles registered in their name. Other fancy numbers - double-digit numbers (0010-0099), numbers ending with two or three zeros (100-900 and 1,000-9,000) and same-digit numbers (111-999 and 1111-9999) - are issued on recommendation of ministers or civil servants.States like Punjab and Haryana have been auctioning such numbers for a long time. In 2012, former Haryana DGP S P S Rathore got the number CH01-AM-0001 for his wife's Mercedes against Rs 9,05,001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14870142", "title": "Tripura to provide rice to poor at Rs 2 per kg", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura government has announced that it will provide rice at Rs 2 per kg to about three lakh families living below the poverty line (BPL) under the public distribution system (PDS) from next month. Chief minister Manik Sarkar on Friday said that the state cabinet has decided to ensure 35 kg rice per month at Rs 2 to both BPL and Antodoy cardholders, besides increasing the quota of rice from 18 to 20 kg for above poverty line cardholders.He said a team of officials from the Supreme Court and the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) had travelled across the country and identified the 100 poorest districts of the country, including Dhalai in Tripura, but even then, the Centre refused to recognize the plight of the poor people and extend support to them.\"We have vehemently opposed the proposed Food Security Bill and present our alternate view to bring all the genuine citizens under the PDS and provide social security to the BPL population along with their view to restrict BPL recognition up to 40 per cent where in Tripura it is actually still 68 per cent,\" Sarkar stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14873947", "title": "So far, just 9.5% of normal rains for July in city", "text": "PUNE: July is turning out to be even drier than June in terms of the monsoon rains recorded in the city this year.So far, only 17.5 mm rainfall has been recorded as against the month's normal of 184 mm, which is a deficiency of 90.5%. Just 9.5% of the normal rains have been realised till date.With a little over a fortnight to go, there are no signs of an early revival of rains in the city. \"Even the catchment areas of the dams have reported poor rains,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department (IMD), on Friday.In June, the city received 34.5 mm rains, which was 75% less than the month's normal of 137.7 mm and the worst for the month in the decade since 2001.The city's rainfall deficiency for the season, between June 1 and July 13, is 76% with just 52 mm rains recorded as against 217 mm for this period. This is much higher when compared to the 22% deficiency reported by the IMD for the country as a whole, till date.The IMD has maintained its forecast of light rains in some areas of the city during the next 48 hours.The monsoon is active in the Konkan and Goa belt, which has reported widespread rains, while some areas of central Maharashtra (between Nashik/Jalgaon in the north and Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the centre) and Vidarbha have received rains in the last 24 hours.The continuing absence of any major mechanism that can trigger the formation of a low pressure area (LPA) in the Bay of Bengal remains a concern. The LPA in the Bay of Bengal usually brings rains to the central, northwest and interior peninsula of the country, including Pune.\"At the operational level, it is difficult to immediately pinpoint a precise reason for the lack of rains in Pune and adjoining parts,\" said Khole. \"This requires a deeper diagnostic study but what matters is the mechanisms by which an LPA is formed in the Bay of Bengal and results in rains for the interiors of the country,\" she said.\"The mechanisms could be either a cyclonic circulation in the upper parts of the atmosphere, i.e. at a height of 3 to 5 km, which descends to the lower levels to trigger an LPA; or an intense typhoon in the west Pacific Ocean that normally moves north-westwards to reach the Bay of Bengal via Vietnam, Laos and Myanmar,\" she said.\"Yet another mechanism relates to the axis of monsoon trough moving from south of its normal position to eastward direction, to dip in the Bay of Bengal, which creates favourable conditions for formation of an LPA,\" she added.\"None of these mechanisms have occurred so far this season to trigger an LPA in the Bay of Bengal,\" said Khole. \"A cyclonic circulation over the northern parts of the Bay did occur, but it was confined to the higher levels of the atmosphere and never descended.\"In fact, since the beginning of this season, only one LPA was formed on July 8 and it was not in the oceanic region but on the land over the northern parts of Madhya Pradesh and adjoining Uttar Pradesh. This primarily enabled monsoon movement in the northward direction to cover the entire country on July 11,\" she said.Meanwhile, the IMD has forecast more rains in the northern and northeastern states including Jammu and Kashmir, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Jharkhand in the next three or four days. Similarly, parts of Tamil Nadu will also get rains.\"There will be fairly widespread rains along the west coast, stretching from Konkan and Goa to coastal Karnataka and Kerala because of the presence of an offshore trough,\" said Khole. \"The central, northwest and interior peninsular areas of the country will receive light rains at a few places,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14876550", "title": "M S University VC makes surprise checks to curb absenteeism on campus", "text": "VADODARA: M S University (MSU) is finally cracking the whip against absenteeism. MSU vice-chancellor (VC) professor Yogesh Singh on Friday conducted a surprise checking at university's largest faculty - the Faculty of Commerce - which over the years has been criticized for going soft on absenteeism.Singh conducted the surprise checking at all the four units of Faculty of Commerce including the main unit, the general education building, the girls' college campus and the postgraduate unit building.During his visit, he checked attendance at nearly 35 classes.Interestingly, Singh informed Faculty of Commerce dean professor Parimal Vyas about his visit just 10 minutes before he arrived at the faculty.Fortunately, for teachers, almost all the first year Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) classes were jam-packed. Sources suggest that the attendance was good because it was just the second day of the academic session at the faculty.Singh not only checked whether the classes are being held as per their schedule but also instructed both students and teachers of the faculty to hold classes on time.\"Students will not be allowed to appear in their mid-semester exams if the attendance rule is not followed,\" Singh, who plans to conduct such surprise checking for second and third year BCom and MCom classes, told TOI.Interestingly, during his visit, Singh also noticed that most of the classes that were being conducted at the faculty at the first year level were by temporary teachers with only one permanent teacher on duty.The faculty has so far played hot and cold on absenteeism. Earlier this year, the faculty had first debarred hundreds of first year BCom students from mid-semester exams, but later relented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14877328", "title": "Four of family die in mishap", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Four members of a family were killed when their car fell into a canal after hitting a culvert near Pazhayarikandam in Idukki on Thursday night. Biju Michael (41) of Mlakuzhi house near Shankarappilly in Thodupuzha, wife Bindhu (38), children Ajo (12) and Aksa (6) were killed in the mishap, said police sources. Both children were students at Shanthal Jyothi Public School in Muttom.The car crashed on Vannappuram-Kanjikuzhy road but people noticed the accident only around 7.30am on Friday. All of them were dead by then. tnn P 5 Police and local residents used ropes to retrieve the car.Bindhu was driving the car and all of them had fastened their seat belts. The autopsy was conducted at Idukki District Hospital, police said.The family left their house around 8.30pm on Thursday to attend a prayer programme at a meditation centre in Anakkara. On the way, they had planned to have dinner at Bindhu's house in Murickassery. When they did not arrive as planned, Bindhu's brother Benny tried to contact them over phone. Later he called the meditation centre. A worried Benny then contacted the police informing them that the family was missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14875828", "title": "'Discuss education laws in the house'", "text": "NASHIK: Forum Against Commercialization of Education (FACE) held a demonstration demonstrated in front of the district collector's office on Friday to draw the attention of the government to discuss education-related laws in the monsoon sessions of the legislative assembly.The volunteers of FACE said that many laws need to be formulated with respect to education and that there are many existing laws that need to be implemented. They said that most times, laws are enforced without being discussed in the assembly. These should be discussed in the meetings of the monsoon session because most of the times such laws are brought about without any discussion in the assembly.To draw the attention of the government and the people to all these issues, FACE demonstrated with banners between 1.30pm and 3 pm in front of the district collector's office demanding that education-related laws be discussed in the assembly.Such demonstrations were held by various organizations in all the districts of the state, informed the volunteers. They also presented a memorandum to the district collector.On July 16, various organizations of all the districts will gather at Azad Hind Maidan, Mumbai for demonstrations, and will meet chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.President of FACE, Shridhar Deshpande, Milind Wagh, Chhaya Deo, Arun Dhamne, Mukund Dixit, Vasanti Dixit, Dinesh Bakre, Bhagwan Jagtap and students participated in the demonstrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14873564", "title": "HC directs collector to restore temple idol", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High court has given a direction to the Madurai district collector to file an application to restore the idols and other materials stolen from the Lord Shri Gopalasamy Hill Temple in 1992. The idols are lying in the property room of the district court ever since they were recovered a month after the incident.Even though all those arrested in connection with the case were acquitted and the case was closed, lack of initiative from the HR&CE; department, which controls the temple, resulted in the precious materials lying in the property room of the district court without any pooja being performed for almost 20 years.The high court order was based on a writ petition filed by a devotee directing the respondents to return the idols to the temple, which is situated in Ayyan Paraipatti along the Madurai-Rajapalayam highway. The court has given direction to the collector to file an application to restore the precious materials in 12 weeks. However, in a new twist to the case, sources close to the temple on Friday said the stolen idols and other materials are in fact kept in the Srivilliputhur court and not in the Madurai sessions court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14870945", "title": "National Institute of Design to develop multimedia museum on Swami Vivekananda's life", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The life and teachings of Swami Vivekananda will soon be displayed in a cultural museum in Rajasthan by Ahmedabad-based National Institute of Design (NID). As part of 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Swami Vivekananda, NID will help the Ramakrishna Mission at Khetri develop a multimedia-based museum highlighting his life and time.Khetri is a township situated in Shekhawati region of Rajasthan. Swami Vivekananda stayed here thrice during his life time, which is unusual for a wandering monk.\"We have just begun work on the exhibition and it is most likely to open in November 2013,\" said Tanishka Kachru, faculty of exhibition design at NID. The institute will conceptualize the museum, design the exhibits, the text, images and introduce interactive models for visitors. Period settings will take visitors through each step of Vivekananda's life starting with how Narendra became Swami Vivekananda, the period showing Shri Ramakrishna welcoming Narendra with his friend, the wandering monk in Khetri, the 'Parliament of the World Religion' in Chicago - animatronics of Vivekananda addressing the audience, Vivekananda addressing his American admirers at the Thousand Island Park, Swamiji's meeting with hand-picked disciples in London , among other things.The palace belonged to Maharaja Ajit Singh Bahadur, who was the ruler of Khetri between 1870-1901. Ajit Singh is known for the monetary support he provided to Vivekananda, and encouraging him to speak at the Parliament of the World's Religions at Chicago in 1893. It was on Ajit Singh's request that Swamiji assumed his monastic name Vivekananda before he went to America.\"Swami Vivekananda and Ajit Singh shared a special relationship. Ajit Singh had become a close friend and disciple of Vivekananda. It will be interesting to tell their story in a creative way through the museum,\" Kachru added.According to Kachru, NID will use less text and more interactive media as \"people do not read much when they visit museums these days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872503", "title": "'Segregate waste to manage it better'", "text": "BANGALORE: When the Karnataka Pollution Control Board on Friday asked BBMP to shut down the dumping yard at Mavallipura in north Bangalore, the civic body was clueless where to dump the city's garbage. TOI looks at how some citizens are managing household waste better. Maybe there's a lesson for you too.Poonam Birkasturi started in 2006 with the thought -- 'We should not dump garbage, we should manage it'. She runs Daily Dump, an organization which segregates, recycles and composts waste. \"We have no right to dump our garbage in someone else's courtyard. Nor should we make others put their hands into the waste we create,\" Poonam said.\"In cities like Bangalore which grew exponentially and town planning lost the plot, we need awareness to manage waste, not dump it. Ideally, urban planners should have earmarked space where garbage can be segregated, recycled and composted without causing inconvenience to others like the villagers of Mavallipura,\" she told TOI.She uses earthernware in which she dumps organic waste and mixes it with dry leaves and makes compost. \"You should first segregate dry waste, organic waste and e-waste. An ordinary household generates 25% recycleable waste, 60% organic waste and 10% each of hazardous and rejected waste. We can segregate it while dropping it in dustbins and later dump organic wet waste into earthen pots and cover them with dry leaves. It'll turn into good compost which can be used as manure,\" she said.June Carvalho is another Bangalorean who makes all efforts to reduce waste. \"My solution to the larger problem would be to make conscious efforts to buy such materials which can be recycled or managed and reduce garbage. I give all my solid waste to a private company which collects it be recycled and compost all organic wet waste that my kitcken and household generates using Daily Dump earthenware,\" she said.\"We pay Rs 30 as garbage cess with property tax and yet pay pourakarmikas to pick up waste from our doorsteps. Why can't BBMP use the money it collects from us?\" she added.\"We've taken steps and had awareness programmes on solid waste management. We need to segregate waste first,\" said NS Ramakanth, member, Solid Waste Management Round Table.Civic expert Ashwin Mahesh has written an open letter to all residents and resident welfare associations to involve themselves in waste management. He urges them, \"It is well known that the most effective way to manage trash is, first and foremost, to generate less of it. Second, the more of our waste that we can bring back into use through recycling, the less we will need to send to landfills.\"gement and if others are interested, let's mutually educate each other. I've requested people to write to onebengaluru@gmail.com to be connected to someone in their part of town who can help them manage waste better. We cannot lie back and depend on the city's confused administration to take intelligent steps quickly.Ashwin Mahesh | member, ABIDeFor two years, we've been working hard to create a decentralised model of garbage management. No garbage should go out of each ward. Every ward should take care of its own garbage-the dry waste should be recycled and the wet waste composted. If implemented this will be beneficial to the BBMP and the community in a huge way.Dr Meenakshi Bharath | civic expert, Malleswaram MattersNo trucks to MavallipuraBased on the order of the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board to shut down the garbage landfill at Mavallipura, BBMP on Friday didn't send any of its trucks there, according to sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14874628", "title": "Association drops protest plan, to felicitate Sadananda Gowda", "text": "MANGALORE: The Jaago Mangalore Association has shelved its plan to organize a protest at the Town Hall here on Saturday to seek expiations from the BJP high command to the forced resignation of DV Sadananda Gowda as Karnataka CM. Gowda, who hails from Sullia taluk of Dakshina Kannada district handed over the resignation on Wednesday.Vijaynath Vittal Shetty, the chief coordinator of the association, said that Gowda had requested him not to go ahead with the strike plan. \"Sadananda Gowda called me and said that it would not be proper to protest. Hence we have dropped the plan,'' he told TOI from Mumbai.Instead he is planning to use the platform to felicitate DVS. \"We will ask Gowda to accept our felicitation. He could not be contacted today (Wednesday). We will try to reach him and organize the function to honour the outgoing CM for the good works he has done in 11 months on the day we booked the venue for the protest,'' he said. He also said that the association had big plans for the city like creating awareness on the need for people's to raise their voices and ensuring cent per cent voting during the polls. \"We only talk about problems affecting them and no action follows. This is an attempt to make them aware of the need to voice their protest. If people support our association, officials and people's representatives will be on their toes if we call for a strike to find solutions to issues like infrastructure and drinking water,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870383", "title": "Centre will decide on Gadgil report", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union government will decide whether to accept the recommendations of the Madhav Gadgil committee on the Western Ghats in entirety or only partially. Environment minister Sanjay Deotale, in his written reply to a query in the state legislative council, said that the report is pending with the Union government.\"The Union government will decide whether to accept the entire or partial report,\" Deotale added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14871003", "title": "Balcony collapses in Gheekanta, 2 injured", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The balcony of an 80-year-old, two-storey house collapsed on Friday near Ramdev Mandir, injuring two persons; including a woman who stood a few feet away from the spot as debris. The duo was taken to a nearby clinic by EMRI 108 for minor injuries. This was the third such incident in two days.A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AEFS) was called but before they reached at the spot, the debris was cleared.AFES officials had attended two similar calls on Thursday. In first incident, the balcony of a 70-year-old building fell on shanties constructed below in Behrampura area, in the morning. Three persons were injured including a 78-year old woman. The injured were rushed to the LG Hospital.In the other incident, a 25-year old man got injured in Vatva. According to AFES officials, they got a call at 6 pm from Bachubhai na Kuwa area that a wall had collapsed during construction work where a laborer Bhagwat Dhulaji, working at the other side, had got trapped in the debris. The team reached the spot and rescued him. He was later shifted to the LG Hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14872829", "title": "DRO accused of molesting woman official", "text": "GUNTUR: In a shocking incident, district revenue officer M Venkateswarlu allegedly tried to molest a woman tehsildar in his chamber when she went to submit a representation to him on Friday. Stung by the behavior of the senior official, the victim lodged a complaint with district collector V N Vishnu and joint collector Yuvaraj. Taking a serious view of the incident, the joint collector has asked the district revenue officer for an explanation within 24 hours. \"We will take action after getting his explanation,\" Yuvaraj told TOI.According to the victim, K Sujatha, she went to the DRO's chamber to represent about her transfer. Sujatha was working at Tadikonda till recently and was shifted to Gurazala in the recent transfers. Unhappy with her transfer to Gurazala as it is far away from Guntur, Sujatha met the joint collector and requested him to shift her to a nearby place. She is reported to have cited the ill-health of family members for a posting close to the district headquarters.After going through her representation, the joint collector advised her to meet district revenue officer Venkateswarlu and brief him about her case.As per the JC's advice, tehsildar Sujatha went into DRO's chamber and explained her problem to him. After hearing her a while, the DRO reportedly clasped his hand over her's and started caressing it. When she rebuffed him, the officer allegedly said she had a nice wrist watch and asked her to give it to him. The tehsildar then placed her watch on the DRO's table and immediately left his chamber. She met the joint collector and collector and lodged a complaint.In protest against the incident, the revenue services association staged a dharna in front of the DRO's chamber and demanded an apology. Interestingly, the DRO returned the wrist watch to the victim officer in the presence of other revenue officials and claimed that he had accepted it only when the official gave it to him of her own accord.He denied the charges of trying to exploit the woman official. The revenue officers association then persuaded the tehsildar not to lodge a complaint with the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14871853", "title": "Lucrative placements in store for IIIT-A's Bio-medical students", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With top notch medical institutions like Apollo Group of Hospitals and Fortis Medical Centre, evincing keen interest to hire 10 students each from the maiden batch of Bio-Medical Engineering course at Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad (IIIT-A), it is pretty much evident that there are avenues aplenty in store for others in the coming days. This would definitely give new fillip to the institute which is perhaps the first government IT institution in the country to start 5-year BTech in Bio-Medical Engineering course.Sharing the details with TOI, the director, IIIT-A, Dr M D Tiwari, said that \"Enthusiasm among youngsters and their overwhelming response towards the course can be gauged from the fact that nearly 4000 applications were received for seeking admission in the first batch of the course. Out of these 45 were finally selected after clearing the written test on the basis of merit.\"Stating that the course holds immense potential for developing and promoting the concept of Tele-Medicine in the country especially those areas where connectivity is a major problem, Tiwari said that the concept derives root from integration of three areas namely, Engineering, Medicine and Information Technology (IT).The new discipline is a division of engineering that deals with the study of engineering laws and techniques that are applied in the medical sector. Biomedical engineering develops and manufactures of prostheses, medical equipments, diagnostic devices and drugs. Professionals in this field are known as Biomedical Engineers. Biomedical engineering course curriculum includes Bio-Mechanics, Tissue and Cellular Engineering, Genetic Engineering, Orthopedic Surgery, Bio-Instrumentation, Medical Imaging and Bio-Materials.The institute has already carried out several research work in the allied field of IT. We have already developed an artificial limb at our Robotics lab, said Dr Tiwari. Out of the total 45 seats include 23 in the General category, 7 in SC category, 3 in ST category and 12 in OBC category.The Biomedical Engineers utilize the customary engineering methods and theories to examine and resolve problems in Biology and Medicine, and thereby provide a complete enhancement of health care. Biomedical engineering is getting popular around the world due to increased use of technology in the medical sector. Hence, there is a great demand of Biomedical Engineers in recent years.Students who have passed 10+2 (Class XII) from science discipline with the combination of Physics, Chemistry and Biology have been admitted in the first batch. Assistantship or stipend will be given to 4th and 5th year at par with MTech students of the Institute, said the Director.Tiwari said that Biomedical Engineering is one of the most recognized professional career options made by students of India in recent years. Biomedical engineers and technologists can seek employment in various industries such as hospitals, medical institutions, manufacturing units, medical equipment, government agencies and pharmaceuticals.Biomedical engineers develop modified devices and provide advice for handling and maintaining medical equipments. Individuals also can seek employment in medical equipment companies as technical advisers.Besides, there are ample opportunities for Biomedical Engineers in the field of research and development at research institutes, government agencies in India, universities and other abroad countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872498", "title": "22-year-old man arrested for molesting 7-year-old girl", "text": "BANGALORE: The Rajanakunte police in Bangalore Rural district arrested Manjunath Ramaiah, a 22-year-old supervisor at a chewing gum factory, for allegedly molesting a 7-year-old girl when she went for tuition on July 9.Ramaiah is a resident of Gudumalahalli near Hesaraghatta and a close relative of the tuition teacher, police said.The girl is a Class 2 student and Manjunath took her to the terrace where he molested her. The girl would come for tuition every day around 6pm with seven other students and return home at 7.30pm, police said.On July 9, the teacher left in a hurry as a family member was shifted to hospital. The teacher asked Manjunath to send the students back. \"Manjunath sent the others away and asked the victim to stay back. He took her to the terrace and molested her,\" police said.The girl ran home and cried before her mother. \"Her father took her to a private hospital near Yelahanka and the doctor confirmed the molestation after noticing tell-tale injuries. The father filed a complaint with us,\" police said.Rajanakunte police rushed to Manjunath's house and detained him. \"During the interrogation, Manjunath confessed to the crime and the victim identified him,\" police added.Seventh case in six monthIt's the seventh case in which a minor has been sexually abused in and around Bangalore. The list includes the case of French consulate official Pascal Mazurier, who was arrested for allegedly raping his minor daughter. Of the seven victims, two were children of daily wage workers molested by men who worked with their father. In another case, a close family member of a five-year-old girl was detained on molestation charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14870828", "title": "Rain triggers jams across city, South Delhi worst hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rain and waterlogging resulted in traffic jams at several places in the capital on Friday. South Delhi was the worst hit as many commuters were stuck in long snarls during the rush hours. There were reports of waterlogging from near IIT, Moolchand, Defence Colony, Chirag Dilli, South Extension etc.Because of this, traffic had to be slowed especially on the Ring Road and NH-8, said a traffic official. \"Due to factors like waterlogging, drivers' slowing down due to low visibility in rain, vehicle breakdowns and other rain-related problems, there was slowing down of traffic especially on NH-8 during the evening. The rain coincided with the evening peak-traffic hours and caused major congestion,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.There were reports of waterlogging on the BRT, Lala Lajpat Rai Marg, foot of Defence Colony flyover, foot of Moolchand flyover, South Extension, Maharani Bagh, Nizamuddin towards NH-24, Sarai Kale Khan and Aurobindo Road in south Delhi. There was a gridlock between IIT and Mehrauli after waterlogging at the Adhchini T-point.Traffic movement was hugely delayed from Kalkaji to Panchsheel.\"I was stuck for in a jam near IIT gate for over an an hour. It was a painful drive as my car crawling a snail's speed. I had started from my office in CR Park at around 7.40pm and reached my house by 9:10pm,\" said Ashish Mitra, a lawyer.North and west Delhi areas namely Raja Garden to ESI hospital, IP College and Badarpur Road in south Delhi were also affected due to waterlogging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870455", "title": "NMC slaps notice on Orange City Water for turbid water supply", "text": "NAGPUR: The complaints of contaminated water supply have become common in many parts of the city. Now, it is known that areas in East and North Nagpur were supplied turbid water from Kanhan for consecutive two days. Taking serious cognizance, water works department (WWD) of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has slapped a notice on private operator Orange City Water Ltd (OCWL).Sources in the WWD told TOI that the quality of water supplied on those two days-June 19 and 20-was highly polluted. \"Turbidity of water is measured in nephelometric turbidity units (NTU). The level in the water supplied from water treatment plants (WTP) is normally 0.2-0.3 NTU. During inspection at Kanhan WTP on June 19, officials recorded turbidity level of 2.5 NTU in the water being supplied to East and North Nagpur. Shockingly, it was 10-12 NTU on June 20. According to Government's norms, the turbidity level must not be above 1 NTU. Besides, all water samples for turbidity must be less than or equal to 0.3 NTU for at least 95 per cent of samples in any month,\" said the sources.A senior WWD official said the matter was very serious as water looked yellowish colour on June 20. \"There was no chemist on June 19 night at Kanhan WTP. Therefore, notice was issued asking OCWL why action should not be taken against the company. OCWL in its reply admitted the fault and said that the situation was out of control due to release of water from Kamptee Khairi reservoir in Kanhan river. The OCWL appointed second chemist at the plant after the incident. Earlier, there was only one chemist,\" he said.Executive director of Nagpur Environmental Services Limited (NESL), NMC's special purpose vehicle for water works, Shashikant Hastak, who is also executive engineer of WWD, was not available for comment despite repeated attempts. Officials of OCWL were also not available.Senior corporator from East Nagpur Abha Pande said situation was very unfortunate. \"Supply of such water causes water-borne diseases like jaundice. Private operator was roped in to improve quality and quantity of water. But OCWL is doing exactly the reverse. It was said it's French partner Veolia was most experienced in water sector. It's failure to maintain quality of water is shocking. Proper enquiry should be done and followed by action,\" she demanded.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke said the private operator has to maintain quality and quantity as it was being paid for it. \"NMC is taking all steps in larger interest of public. If the public interest is not maintained the NMC will take action as per provisions in the agreement. WWD officials should not restrict themselves from just issuing notice but ensure such incidents do not happen again,\" he said.It is learnt the NMC too used to supply water with high turbidity level during the monsoon in 80s. NMC even used to issue press release alerting the citizens about supply of turbid water. Asked about this, a senior NMC official said the turbid water was not supplied at least in the last decade. \"We used to either take a shutdown or initiate other measures to prevent supply of water with high turbidity level as the Government norms became very strict in last one decade,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14873595", "title": "9900 city women issued DLs in 3 yrs", "text": "PATNA: Women driving vehicles are no longer a rare sight in the city, and most of them attribute the change to the improvement - perceived, as the NDA baiters would like to call it, or real - in law and order situation during the Nitish Kumar regime.Though the Patna district transport office (DTO) does not have records on how many city women applied for and were given driving licences (DLs) till three years ago, its employees said the number of women applying for DLs, say, till five years ago, could be counted on fingers. The Patna DTO issued DLs to 3,553 women of the city in 2009-10; 3,228 women in 2010-11 and to 3,150 women in 2011-12.While the DTO is yet to compile the data on new DLs issued to women in the first quarter of 2012-13, it renewed DLs of 728 women during the period. The women licensed to drive vehicles include college-going students, working women as well as homemakers.\"But there's a still a huge gap between male and female drivers in the city,\" Patna district transport officer Dinesh Kumar Rai told TOI and added less than 10% of the total DLs were being issued to non-professional women drivers.A transport department employee, associated with the Patna DTO for nine years, said there was a time when women could not even think of moving out freely on the streets, forget about driving. Of late the number of women getting DLs has decreased because the rules governing the grant of DLs are being followed more strictly these days, he added.Rajesh Kumar, who runs a private driving school on Boring Road, said driving was always popular with many women in the city. \"But it only now that they are taking the wheel and venturing out on the streets of the city,\" he said and added many women utilized long holidays to learn driving. \"My school alone trained 600-odd women in driving during the just-concluded summer vacation,\" he said.The training module of the driving schools includes theory and practical, said Poonam Jha, a housewife. Anupriya Kumar, who is doing postgraduation from Delhi University , added she learned driving but could not get time to get a DL issued for herself. \"I enjoy driving on the streets of Patna, my hometown, though I fear I could be caught by the cops any day,\" she said.According to a traffic police official, a number of women, who are driving vehicles in the city, do not possess a DL. \"Even though we book them, we try not to make them feel harassed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14876410", "title": "Initiate inquiry against medical chief: Nimse", "text": "NASHIK: On June 21, the chairman of the standing committee of the Nashik Municipal Commissioner, Uddhav Nimse, had directed the municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare to submit a report within eight days on the inquiry regarding negligence of duty by the staff of Indira Gandhi Hospitalin eight days. A month and a half later, the inquiry One and a half month later the inquiry is still underway.under process.Nimse has now demanded that an inquiry be initiated against the medical chief.Three employees of the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) Indira Gandhi Hospital, Panchvati, had been suspended on the grounds of negligence of duty which had resulted in the death of a newborn. on June 12 which resulted in the death of a newborn.Nurses Manisha Pravin Shinde (Aher), Yaster Avinash Dariyapurkar, and Dr Supriya Sankhe had been suspended.Nimse had asked the municipal commissioner to submit a report of the inquiry, but the process has still not been completed and now Nimse had demanded that an inquiry be also initiated against the medical officer D B Patil. \"The medical officer is their chief, so he is also responsible in monitoring everything in the hospitals. In this case, he was also negligent. We want an inquiry on how frequently he visits the hospitals, interacts with the staff, etc. The municipal commissioner is conducting the inquiry and the report is expected in the next 15 days. Next Thursday, we will present our plan in the meeting,\" said Nimse.When contacted, Municipal Commissione Sanjay Khandare said that departmental inquiry is going on at present, while D B Patil said that he was not aware of any inquiry against him.\"I do make surprise visits in all the NMC hospitals but have not kept a record of how many times I have visited them,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14872264", "title": "Pay property tax early, rebate likely", "text": "MUMBAI: In September, property owners will not just receive a final property tax bill, but also a special notice that will reflect the property's capital value. The special notice will also entail space for objections and citizens will get 21 days to raise objection on the bill, if any. The notice will mention the area of the building for which property tax is to be charged, the new tax that has been calculated, the old tax rate, method of the new capital value-based tax, among other details of the new system.S S Shinde, joint municipal commissioner, told TOI, \"We are targeting end-August to send across the bills. Along with the bills, a special notice will also be sent. Every flat owner will be sent details such as the user category, nature of the building, floor number, etcetera - things that will determine the capital value of the property.\"The BMC is also working on incentives to lure citizens to pay the bills on time. For instance, if the bills are paid before June 30, you can get a rebate of 2% to 4%. \"We are working on the incentives. This will also reflect in the special notice that will be sent along with the final bill,\" said a senior official of the assessment and collection department. In case of late payment, a penalty would be imposed.According to the department, citizens will have to pay the difference amount between the new method and the old rateable value system. Citizens will get approximately three months to pay the additional property tax based on the capital value for the past three years, since April 2010. In case after calculating the difference, a property owner has made excess payment, the BMC will refund the amount on an interest rate of 6.25%. \"The bills will reflect the retrospective amount,\" said Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner.The BMC's standing committee had approved the new capital-value system, which bases taxes for all buildings (old and new) according to the Ready Reckoner Rate. The BMC had switched to the new capital value-based system that calculates property tax based on the use of property, construction, type and age from the former rateable value system, based on the property's rent.Citizens will get around three months to pay the additional property tax based on the capital value for the past three years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14874237", "title": "Govt hospitals to get booster shot", "text": "PUNE: Dialysis units at government-run hospitals with 100 beds and above, special blood banks, and trauma care units are some of the long-awaited needs that have featured in the state's master plan designed to overhaul the public health care infrastructure at a cost of Rs 2,094 crore.The master plan received the state cabinet's approval on July 11. It will be executed in a phased manner in the next five years. A health staff of 19,431 personnel will be recruited during this period.\"The master plan proposes to set up dialysis units at all government-run hospitals with 100 beds and above to provide relief to patients suffering from kidney failure. This will bring dialysis, which costs over Rs 1,000 at private hospitals, within the reach of the poor and needy patients,\" health minister Suresh Shetty told TOI on Friday.The government also aims to set up 10 blood blanks on the lines of the Mahanagar Blood Bank at Pune, Thane, Nashik, Jalgaon, Ahmednagar, Satara, Parbhani, Amaravati and Chandrapur. \"The idea is to provide blood to any patient treated at private or government hospital. Besides, this will help provide free blood to sickle cell, thalassemia, haemophilia patients,\" Shetty said.A state government resolution issued in 2002 had categorically stated that blood, blood factor and treatment should be given free to patients of haemophilia and thalessemia. But nothing has moved for the past 10 years. Except for KEM hospital in Mumbai, there is no diagnostic facility in government hospitals to detect haemophilia and provide treatment. This has left an estimated 10,000 haemophiliacs in the state without support, said health experts and activists.The master plan makes special provision for trauma care units. Total 42 trauma care units will come up on national and state highways. Over 11,000 people die in road accidents in Maharashtra every year. According to a report published by the National Crime Records Bureau, 13,680 people died in road accidents last year.Road accident is the third major cause of death in the age-group of five to forty-five years. It is also the third leading cause behind physical disabilities and loss of main bread winner of many families.The trauma care centres will render emergency medical services and will primarily house four departments - emergency, orthopaedic, general unit and neurosurgery department. The operation theaters will be available, 24 hours a day, through out the year.Strengthening of public health laboratories is also part of the master plan. There are one state, two regional and 28 district laboratories in Maharashtra.The last master plan was made in 1997 on the basis of Census 1991, while the present plan is based on Census 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14872675", "title": "HMDA plots' auction today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) will begin the process for auction of 42 open plots from Saturday. While almost all the plots have been left over from previous bids, there is only one new layout, which is an extension of the Gopanpally layout at Gachibowli.HMDA metropolitan commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad announced at a press conference on Friday that those interested in participating in the auction can either submit e-biddings or sealed tenders. The bids will be accepted till 3 pm on August 7 and will be opened from 11am on August 8, he said.Auction will be conducted for Nallagandla residential complex (17 plots), Tellapur residential complex (one), Gopanpally residential complex (11), Ramachandrapuram (Chandanagar) residential complex ((two), Miyapur residential complex (nine), Asifnagar residential complex (one) and four acres at Nandagiri Hills, the metropolitan commissioner said. For e-bidding, prospective bidders have to log on to www.hmda.gov.in, he said.The up set price of the plots is between Rs 9,000 and Rs 25,000 per sq yard in all the layouts except Nandagiri Hills, admeasuring about 4.695 acres, where the up set price is Rs 18 crore per acre.Neerabh Kumar Prasad said those participating in the bidding have to pay 10% towards Earnest Money Deposit (EMD). Applications without EMD would not be considered for the auction. He added that no change in the bidding amount would be entertained after it is submitted. The EMD amount can be paid either online or through RTGS from any bank to ICICI Bank . Unsuccessful bidders' EMD would be returned within two days online.\"We have introduced a new system where the successful bidder can pay the balance bidding amount within 90 days. If he pays within 30 days, no interest would be charged. If the bidder pays the amount within 60 days, 12% and 18% interest will be charged, and 12% and 15% in case the amount is paid in 90 days,\" Neerabh Prasad said.The commissioner said revenue from the auction would be spent on ongoing projects like rail-over-bridge at Kukatpally and ramps of PVNR Expressway.He said his priority would be to complete various development projects that were already taken up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14871844", "title": "Youth jumps into sea off Gateway", "text": "A 20-year-old youth allegedly committed suicide by jumping into the sea near the Gateway of India on Friday. His body was retrieved after a three-hour search involving naval divers and fire brigade personnel. Eyewitnesses said he had left his haversack, which contained some clothes and a mobile phone, near the parapet wall. Police also found a railway ticket for a journey from Jamnagar in the youth's possession.The police will check his call records in a bid to identify him. An investigating officer from Colaba police station said it seemed like a case of suicide. The body was sent for autopsy to St George's hospital. A case of accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14895121", "title": "District committee to probe use of open spaces in memorials", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as UP lokayukta N K Mehrotra investigates into the alleged anomalies in the supply and purchase of sandstone for construction of various parks and memorials in Lucknow and Noida during Mayawati government, a district level committee headed by district magistrate is examining the possibilities of utilising the open spaces in the memorials.Sources said that the committee is also assessing the possibilities of using the work force deployed for upkeep of these memorials. Around 8,000 people were employed by the BSP government in nearly a dozen memorials dotting the skylines of Lucknow and Noida .Some government organisations too are reported to have approached the authorities in the housing department to get space in some of the utilized buildings. Official sources said that the employee deployed in these memorials may be shifted to some parks and government installations where their services could be utilized. A final call is to be taken by the state government,'' said a senior government official.The development comes close on the heels of justice Mehrotra summoning various senior officials including four serving and former officials of the directorate of Geology and Mines, Rajkiya Nirman Nigam ( RNN ) and the Lucknow Development Authority ( LDA ), a state government undertaking, which handled the construction of parks and memorials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14894718", "title": "Brain activity peaks during horror movies", "text": "Tense scenes like horror movies present prime conditions for peak brain activity, a new study has claimed .According to a study by researchers from The City College of New York and Columbia University , you will probably remember the scene where the lights go out on Jodie Foster and the unseen Buffalo Bill reaches out to her in 'Silence of the Lambs' because at that moment, your brain was probably at its peak of engagement.They usually contain at least two of the three components identified by the researchers as most engaging: powerful visual cues, ominous music, and meaningful scene changes.\"Peak correlations of neural activity across viewings can occur in remarkable correspondence with arousing moments of the film,\" Discovery News quoted them as writing.\"Moreover, a significant reduction in neural correlation occurs upon a second viewing of the film or when the narrative is disrupted by presenting its scenes scrambled in time,\" they wrote.Tense scenes present prime conditions for peak brain activity. They usually contain at least two of the three components identified by the researchers as most engaging: powerful visual cues, ominous music, and meaningful scene changes.To make the correlation, the researchers hooked 20 subjects up to EEG devices (electroencephalography measures electrical activity across the scalp) as they showed scenes from three films: Alfred Hitchcock's 'Bang! You're Dead', Sergio Leone's 'The Good, the Bad and the Ugly', and an amateur film of people walking on a college campus as a control.They found especially high neural correlation during a close-up on the gun in 'Bang! You're Dead'. They found less neural correlation during the second viewings and during viewings with out-of-sequence scenes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14889754", "title": "Assam govt appoints inquiry commission on molestation", "text": "GUWAHATI: Under fire from all quarters over the alleged stripping and molestation of a girl, the Assam government on Friday constituted a one-member inquiry commission on the incident in the heart of the city on the night of July 9.Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi this afternoon formed the commission under additional chief secretary Amili Chaudhary, official sources said.Directing arrest of all the culprits, Gogoi ordered immediate disciplinary action against police officials found guilty of dereliction of duty over the incident.Gogoi's decisions came hours after peasant leader Akhil Gogoi demanded imposition of President's Rule in Assam for 'worsening' law and order situation in the state.Opposition BJP also took out a protest rally here on Friday against the 'failure' of the state government on the law and order front.Meanwhile, a fourth person was arrested in connection with the incident. The four were among the 16 persons identified in connection with the incident that occurred in front of a bar on Guwahati-Shillong Road on Monday night, which led to a public outcry after a video of the assault by a TV channel was uploaded on Youtube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14873548", "title": "BDU VC takes exception to NAAC's rating", "text": "TRICHY: The Bharathidasan University (BDU) on Friday took strong exception to the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC)'s reviewing of its Academic Staff College (ASC) as a 'non-performer'. University vice-chancellor K Meena told TOI, \"Though the period of assessment was for 2005-10, we would still seek a clarification from the autonomous body why its review did not take into consideration the peer team's 'positive report.'\"Last week, NAAC uploaded its findings on its website which gave Bharathidasan University 35 marks, thus clubbing it under the category of non-performer. The peer review committee of the NAAC visited Bharathidasan University between March 1 and 3 to validate the self-appraisal report prepared by the UGC-ASC and interacted with various stakeholders including Meena. Though the ASC started functioning from 1987, this was first the time the institution was reviewed for the period 2005-10. The review committee in its analysis listed three points as the ASC's strengths: location in central part of the state, ICT environment and access to learning resources, and proactive university administration. However, the weaknesses and constraints listed by the review committee far outweighed the strengths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14873610", "title": "Forced into tying the knot", "text": "MADURAI: A rise in incidents of child marriages in the region has left officials and activists to look beyond mere law enforcement and probe the social reasons behind the malaise. Fifteen cases of child marriage were reported from January to July in Madurai district this year. A sudden spurt in the months of May to July resulting in officials stopping 10 marriages in this period alone. It has turned out to be a major cause of concern for the district administration and enforcement agencies who say that the regressive notion of considering a girl child as a burden triggered child marriages in rural areas.However, the response from the parent of a girl child on the issue revealed the mindset that seemed to work in favour of marrying off girls at a young age. \"Do you know how risky it is to keep an adolescent girl at home? It will bring disgrace to my family if she falls in love and elopes with someone,\" defends Raju (name changed) from Uchapatti near Usilampatti who is facing legal charges for marrying off his minor daughter in Madurai in the month of May this year. The misplaced idea of safeguarding family dignity and a lack of educational and job opportunities are also to blame. M P Raman, a local politician from Usilampatti pointed out that there were nearly 30 child marriages in the area recently mainly due to lack of educational facilities for girls in the locality. \"As there are not many good government run schools for girls in Usilampatti region, parents feel that marrying off minor girls is a much safer option,\" he says. \"We urge the government to open more schools for girls in the region and create more job avenues for them which will help fight this social evil,\" he added.District social welfare officer A Anandavalli said that parents who had tried to marry off their daughters defended themselves by citing that they wanted to safeguard their family property and continue a close relationship among relatives. \"We have counselled parents and youngsters about the ill-effects of child marriages and the legalities involved in it,\" she said.District SP V Balakrishnan said that they had initiated criminal action against the parents. Investigations had revealed various reasons behind child marriages such as families with a single parent, safeguarding family property, not willing to educate girl children etc. \"We have also found some cases where parents married off their children to prevent them from eloping. In case of same caste, they were married off to prevent any disgrace. There is also a fear among parents about their children falling in love with persons from another caste,\" he said.\"The attitude of considering the girl child as a burden is the root cause behind this problem,\" says S Selva Gomathi of the SOCO trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "7184413", "title": "'Reel' gangster with 'real' gangster", "text": "The role of 'Daya Shankar' in Gangster, which was inspired from the real life of Abu Salem was originally offered to Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Akhtar.But, when Shoaib Akhtar turned down the offer, Shiney Ahuja accepted it.Co-incidentally, when Shiney was accused of raping his maid and was in police custody, the 'real' gangster Abu Salem was his prison mate! Check out Shiney Ahuja's homepage   Follow us on Twitter for more stories", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11399988", "title": "Re-decorate your home in 2012", "text": "New Year's is a time when many people commit to starting fresh or developing some positive changes in their lives.As you consider what you will change in 2012, think about where you spend the majority of your time. Your surroundings can greatly influence your mood and actions, and a refreshed interior can help you step forward into a new and improved lifestyle. Enjoying life more in 2012 could start with just a few simple updates to your home.Colour story Let's start with fashionable colours, which for this year include emerald, ruby, amethyst, sapphire, coral and deep cream. Combine these bold colours with softer ones like ivory, brown, silver, light grey and warm whites for a pulled together look that are predicted to be in style for years to come. Colours that speak of this trend include earth tones, dark/rich colours, and jewelled tones.- Neutrals will be more saturated and rich \u2014 watch for khaki, taupe, camel and sandstone.- Browns will have more red and yellow undertones.- Natural pigments will be on the rise.- Reds are timeless, darker reds will be prevalent.- Gold and sunny yellows will become warmer with more influence of red.- Teals and turquoise energise any design.- For more sophisticated palates, navy, indigo and royal blue will come into play.Texture alert Textures will also be important in 2012. The top trending textures will be a combination of fabrics, such as layered silk with wool. The contrast is interesting to the eye and still comfortable to snuggle up to.Material world The trend for 2012 is towards luxurious finishes, such as marble, wood, leather and wool. These materials are easy to slip into any room and will give the entire area a luxurious and comfortable feel. You can also try adding some large mirrors, mirrored tiles or wallpaper with silver details to reflect more light into the room.Furniture facts Upholstered furniture coverings are being driven more by texture and less by prints this year. The bulky and stationary pit sofa will be replaced by lower backs for more flexibility and ease of interaction. There is a movement of woods from very dark mahogany and espresso to lighter and mid-toned woods, with raw, natural walnut, cherry and white oak being especially prevalent.Rearrange Replacing your current furniture may not be in your budget, but don't underestimate the effect rearranging your current pieces can have on your space. Simply changing the layout of a room costs nothing and can have a dramatic impact on the functionality and atmosphere of your home. Place larger furniture pieces against the wall to open up floor space and avoid blocking walking paths. Or, you can arrange your sofa or elongated pieces of furniture at an angle in the corner of the room, to give the illusion of a longer wall and also instantly create hidden storage opportunities. This update is as temporary as you want it to be, so don't be afraid to try something new. You can even rearrange every few months to keep things fresh throughout the year.Accents Whether your taste is classic and elegant, or clean and modern, accessories have a huge impact on the feel of any room. Mirrors, wall hangings, table art, pillows and floral arrangements are just some examples that can completely change the look and feel of a space. Don't be afraid to combine materials and styles, either. An ornate brass mirror can work well to complement the clean lines of a modern end table or the intricate fabric of an antique footstool. Avoid clutter as you add visual accessories by using baskets, chests and other storage pieces to conceal magazines, books and other common items.New design trends for 2012 are easy to incorporate into your existing decor and they don't have to cost the moon. So, go right ahead and give a fresh lease to your lovely home!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14876978", "title": "Cops release SFI activists following sit-in at station", "text": "KANNUR: Kannur Town police station witnessed a sit-in agitation by the CPM leaders on Friday in protest against police action of taking two SFI leaders into custody. The police released the SFI leaders following the agitation.CPM leaders, including M V Jayarajan, district panchayat president K A Sarala, DYFI district secretary P Santhosh and AIDWA district leader M Jayalakshmi took part in the sit-in for about one hour in the evening.The police had taken two activists -- K Midhun and A K Sumesh of Payyannnur -- from the Kannur Central Jail compound as they reached there along with other activists to receive SFI district president Sareen Sasi, who was released on bail on Friday afternoon.Sasi was taken into custody on June 24 for allegedly providing a hideout to CPM leader P K Kunhananthan, an accused in the T P Chandrasekharan murder case.The two student leaders were taken into custody as they were suspected to be involved collectorate marches organized by the SFI on two occasions.Following this the SFI took out a police station march saying that they have no role in the collectorate marches or picketing. Later, DYFI activists also joined the protesters and around 6pm, CPM state committee member M V Jayarajan and other district leaders rushed to the police station and started the sit-in agitation.Around 6.45pm, CPM district secretary P Jayarajan also reached the police station and then they took out a procession around the town. The leaders held discussions with police officials, following which the activists were released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14871843", "title": "Jhusi seeks salvation ahead of Mahakumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Even as the policy makers, both in the state and at the Centre boast of leaving no stone unturned to make the forthcoming Mahakumbh a grand success, the ground situation of an major approach railway station which serves as a vital transit point for lakhs of devotees paints a gloomy picture. Coming from Eastern UP to the Sangam City is perceived as a litmus test for officials associated with making arrangements for one of the largest human assemblies of the world.Jhusi station of the North-Eastern Railway, which is on the other side of Ganga is seen as the entry point of the city. The station would witness sea of devotees coming to bath in holy Sangam during Mahakumbh in the first three months of 2013. Although at the time of Magh Mela, lakhs of devotees prefer to get down at this particular station, but once the hype of Mela subsides, this vital entry point of the city goes into oblivion from the minds of everyone, including the railway authorities and policy makers.To present the actual picture of the ground conditions of this station, TOI visited the silent and barren railway station, and fond that the railway station does not have basic amenities, which one would expect in Allahabad. The barren platform hardly serves any purpose of the limited number of passengers who get down at this station, because of its low height and for most of passengers, vendors and for that matter even the railway authorities, the station buzzes with activities only when a train stops, many of which halts for giving way to other train, as there is single line between Jhusi and Allahabad Junction.The lone platform of the station was serving more as resting place for various persons sleeping on the benches. The facility of drinking water is equally pathetic, as taps are virtually absent and it is clearly written \"Mela prayog ke liye\" (to be used only during mela). The platform is equally shared by men and animal, and goats freely roam on the platform and sharing selected amenities with public. The drinking water platform, which is devoid of drinking water for most of the hours has fungal growth in the surrounding and is enough to narrate the story of official negligence. Even the entry point of the station along with surroundings is in a dilapidated state, as dense wild bushes dominate the surroundings. One can witness the dilapidated building, which is used for providing tickets to meet out the heavy rush of passengers during Magh Mela. \"No one is bothered about the amenities at the station, which buzzes with hectic activities during Mela,\" said one of the local.Not only the amenities at the station, even the approach road coming from ADA Colony is in pathetic state, as one would see only boulders with no signs of bituminous over it. The condition of the road is so horrible that commuters prefer to travel on the sides and barely use the road. With no street lights, the roads at night, the surroundings are a safe haven for thieves and there had been many incidents of snatching and looting from the passengers coming at night.Likewise, the station too is used by gamblers and drug abusers with no interference by the authorities.Commenting on the current scenario, station superintendent Anil Kumar Pandey said, \"We would be opening 24 booking counters during Mahakumbh and lay seven tracks to handle special trains that would be run to cater to the needs of lakhs of devotees coming to Allahabad during Mahakumbh.\" Although the officer accepted that there is lot to do for revamping the facilities, which remain at the station even after the mela is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14874403", "title": "UP CM to visit alma mater in Dholpur", "text": "JAIPUR: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will be at his alma mater - Military School, Dholpur - on Monday. This will be his first visit to the school after he was elected as chief minister of the most populated stated.\"Yes I will be there in Dholpur on July 16,\" confirmed Akhilesh Yadav, through a text reply to TOI. Yadav will be there as a chief guest during the golden jubilee function of the school to mark 50 years, it was set up in 1963. Lt Gen Gyan Bhushan, GOC, South West Command, will be the guest of honour during the function.\"We have invited several old students and retired teachers, who were in the school when Akhilesh was a student here,\" said Prabhu Dayal Jatav, PRO, Military School, Dholpur. Jatav informed TOI that there was curiosity among teachers as well as students to be in the company of one of the most successful alumnus.Yadav will reach Dholpur by chopper and stay till afternoon during which he will participate in various programmes. \"He will meet all the alumni gathered that day and unveil a park developed as memorial to the late Major Gopi Singh, the alumnus of the school, who was killed in an encounter with militants two years ago.\"We are excited and many of his batchmates will also come that day,\" said Nilesh Modi, Kesarian, secretary, Georgian Association (body of ex-students). Modi was Yadav's batchmate. \"We are proud of Akhilesh and waiting eagerly to know about his success story,\" he added. He recalled that even in school days, Yadav had leadership skills as he was one of the few students ready with initiatives.Yadav (roll number 1108) was a student of Military School for seven years. He took admission in class VI in 1983 and passed out from school in 1990 after completing class XII.\"Even after leaving the school, Yadav remained in touch with students and teachers and kept coming to the schools for various functions,\" said Jatav. He recalled that Yadav had invited several teachers and students to Agra two years back and hosted a grand feast for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14873578", "title": "Customized envelopes for sending 'rakhis'", "text": "PATNA: India Post has partnered with DuPont America to develop customized envelopes for 'rakhis' this year. Four designs of 'Rakhi Enve' are being sold at the post offices.The envelopes, designed and produced by DuPont Tyvek of the USA, are of light weight and made of a unique environment-friendly fabric which is water and tear resistant. It has smooth texture for excellent printability.The envelopes are priced at Rs7 each which does not include postal charges. A discount of 50 paise per piece will be offered on bulk buys of 50 or more envelopes, an India Post press release said on Friday.India Post has also arranged for boxes for sending gifts as part of Rakhi festivities. Sisters can buy 'rakhis' and rest assured they will reach their brothers undamaged in the 'Rakhi Enve', the release said and added, \"Brothers vow to protect their sisters and we vow to protect their 'rakhis'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14872408", "title": "Presidential poll: Vote in Delhi or Kolkata? TMC confused", "text": "KOLKATA: A letter of intimation from the returning officer of the presidential poll to Trinamool Congress MPs on Friday sent ripples of confusion down the party line and threatened to upset Mamata Banerjee's gameplan.The letter mentions the serial and electorate numbers of the MP and informs him s/he would have to cast the vote in room number 63 of Parliament on July 19.The letter doesn't have any reference to the application made by the MPs seeking permission from the returning officer to cast their votes in the assembly.So, has the returning officer turned down their request? Sources in the Election Commission indicated that the request had not been turned down. \"We have accepted all the requests made during this period,\" an EC official said.A Trinamool MP in Delhi admitted that the letter \"has added to the confusion\". Soon after Mamata asked all the 28 Trinamool MPs to be present in Kolkata on July 19, the MPs downloaded the request form from the internet and submitted it to the returning officer. \"We made the application following the constitutional provisions laid down for the presidential polls. An MP can opt either to vote in Parliament or their respective state assembly. This is known to all. We have opted for the latter,\" said Trinamool Rajya Sabha MP Derek O'Brien.Trinamool all India general secretary Mukul Roy is likely to clear the confusion when he flies to Delhi to attend the July 14 UPA meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14870960", "title": "HC rejects PIL against Savitri", "text": "NEW DELHI: Putting an end to repeated bouts of litigation against re-opening of Savitri Cinema, the Delhi high court on Friday dismissed a PIL on the issue.A division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw factored in views given by experts on traffic movement and parking in and around the newly opened complex and added, \"Once the experts have applied themselves and taken a decision and in the absence of the petitioner being able to demonstrate any error in the decision making process, we are loath to interfere with such decision\".The court rejected the argument by the residents of Greater Kailash II that the Delhi government had failed to sort out traffic problems before allowing re-opening of the complex.\"The matter having been thrashed out in the earlier round of litigation, we are not inclined to re-open the same. The petitioner has been unable to demonstrate any new development requiring relook into the matter. Rather, the cinema has just become operational, as a consequence of sanctions/permissions challenged in the earlier round of litigation,\" the bench said, dismissing the plea.The residents had moved court opposing the government permission to re-open the cinema, saying the movie hall did not have parking facility and that cinemagoers are sure to park their vehicles by the roadside, causing perpetual traffic jams in the area. The petition had said traffic police had issued a no-objection certificate without verifying the fact that the new developer of the hall had sold the parking lot to shops and offices in the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14891048", "title": "Hollywood producer Richard Zanuck dies at 77", "text": "Richard Zanuck, the Oscar-winning film producer behind \"Driving Miss Daisy\" and the son of the founder of Twentieth Century Fox , has died. He was 77.Dick Zanuck, as most people called him, died of a heart attack at his Beverly Hills home on Friday morning.His friend Steven Spielberg called him a \"cornerstone of the film industry\".Son of the legendary movie mogul Darryl Zanuck and actress Virginia Fox, he became the youngest studio head in history when he took over 20th Century Fox aged 28.After his father made him 20th Century Fox's head of production, the younger Zanuck went on to oversee the release of some of the era's classics, including 'The Sound of Music' and 'Butch Cassidy' and the 'Sundance Kid'.He went on to run his own production company after several big-screen musicals for Fox flopped and his father fired him, spending most of his career as an independent producer.The legendary prducer collaborated with Spielberg on the blockbuster 'Jaws' and several other films.\"He taught me everything I know about producing. He was one of the most honourable and loyal men of our profession and he fought tooth and nail for his directors,\" the BBC quoted Spielberg as saying in a statement.His 1989 film 'Driving Miss Daisy' won four Oscars, including best picture for Zanuck and his wife and collaborator Lili Fini Zanuck.In his later years, Zanuck collaborated closely with director Tim Burton on a number of monies, including 'Planet of the Apes', 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory' and 'Alice in Wonderland'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14877853", "title": "Liquor traders protest cut in timings", "text": "HYDERABAD: Liquor dealers are up in arms over the reduction of business hours for retail wine shops in the new excise policy which allows them to remain open between 11am to 10pm as against the earlier timings of 10.30am to 11pm.The liquor traders' complained that the state government was being partial to bar-owners by reducing the timings of wine shops. They even surmised that strong lobbies could have influenced the policy shift as bars are generally owned by the politically powerful. The retail traders pointed out that the government was collecting a nominal license fee from bar-owners when compared to fee charged to run wine shops.In a city like Hyderabad, the license fee for a bar is Rs 38 lakh, while a retail liquor shop has to pay Rs 1.04 crore to obtain the same. \"Apart from the huge disparity in license fees, the reduction of daily business hours by an hour-and-a-half will result in a loss of 60 working days in a business year,\" said D Venakteswara Rao, president of wine merchants' association for the twin cities. \"We had an average of 10 productive hours a day, however, with the peak hour between 10pm to 11pm going away, the window for business has come down to eight hours daily,\" he said.Liquor dealers are hence planning to appeal to the government to roll back the move. \"The new business hours defy logic and will prompt irregularities like covert sale of liquor,\" said Rayala Subba Rao, president of the AP Wine Dealers' Association. According to him, the reduced business hours has resulted in an increase in the number of belt shops in the state. He pointed out that where only 10 belt shops used to operate in the city before the change in timings, there are now more than fifty such illegal spots.\"The liquor business hits its peak just before midnight. If you restrict the buyer at those hours he will find his way to get his supply. That is the reason why belt shops are thriving in the city after the implementation of the new policy aimed at curbing these,\" he added. Admitting that reduced hours were hampering business, excise officials have assured liquor traders that their grievances would be addressed. \"Let them give their representation, we will forward it to the government, \"said additional commissioner for excise, Viasampayan.Of the total 6,596 outlets across the state, 679 shops have remained vacant even after two rounds of draw of lots. And what is more, the response continued to remain lukewarm for the third round held on July 12. The excise department could allot only 41 shops state wide in the third round. In Hyderabad, out of 65 shops, only two could find takers. In a meeting on Friday evening, the excise officials deliberated on how to deal with the unsold 638 shops. Sources in the department said the deliberations would continue and a final decision would be taken by next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871527", "title": "Skeletons sent for forensic test", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch has started collecting evidence against Parvez Tak and Shakir Hussain, who are accused of killing Bollywood starlet Laila Khan and five members of her family.On Friday, the crime branch collected DNA samples from Laila's maternal aunt Nigar Khan and her family members in order to match them with DNA samples from the skeletons found at Laila's farmhouse in Igatpuri, Nashik district. The police are also likely to take DNA from Laila's mother Saleena's first husband Nadir Patel.The skeletons, believed to be of Saleena, Laila, her sisters Zara and Azmina, brother Imran, and cousin Reshma Khan, have been sent to JJ hospital for a toxicology test. This will be done to see if Tak poisoned his victims before attacking them. From the skeletons, forensic experts will also try to determine the age, sex and height of the deceased. \"The process will help us identify the six and also if they were poisoned or stabbed, etc. It will also help us determine if the murders were premeditated,\" said joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy.The police will also bring to Mumbai Laila's Outlander and Scorpio, which will become the muddemal (property) of the case. Roy said both the vehicles will be subjected to forensic tests for blood stains or other DNA evidence. This will be to establish that after the killings, Tak and his associate drove the vehicles to Kashmir and abandoned them.\"So far, it is clear that five of the recovered bodies are female and one male. Thus, it will not be difficult to identify Imran, as he was the only male victim. Identifying Reshma (19) and Saleena (52), too, will be easy because of the differential age. But the others will be difficult to identify since they more or less belong to the same age group,\" said Roy. Home min gives cops clean chitDismissing allegations that Mumbai Police had botched up the Laila Khan case, state home minister R R Patil on Friday lauded the force for its work. \"Not only did the crime branch of the police react swiftly to all leads, but also deftly managed to crack the mysterious case in time,\" Patil told the legislative assembly on Friday. During a debate on the deterioration of law and order in the state, the opposition had criticized the police for its handling of the case. Opposition leader Eknath Khadse had demanded to know why the police did not immediately take cognizance of the missing person's complaint filed at Igatpuri police station in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870605", "title": "NMC set to start multipurpose centre for special kids", "text": "NAGPUR: Children from city with developmental disorder will soon have an ultra modern resource centre to their aid. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation is all set to start a multipurpose resource training centre (MPRTC) for special children at its closed Buti School in Sitabuldi, disclosed standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari.Tiwari said the corporation had already received Rs19.50 lakh from the central government while the NMC will contribute Rs5 lakh for the MPRTC. \"It will have facilities like speech therapy room, psycho therapy room, physiotherapy room, occupational therapy room, academic lab, low vision lab and sensory integration, theraupatic intervention centre, barrier free access, ramps with handrails, beepers, sign indicators, safety tiles and grab rails in classrooms having cerebral palsy children.\"\"The centre, which will be ready by next year, will help special children realize their potential and capabilities. All children have a right to be educated, regardless of any disability they suffer from,\" said Tiwari.Around 518 special children are registered with the NMC. Initially, the centre will target 382 children who are taking education in NMC and ZP primary schools, said IED project coordinator, Abhijeet Raut. \"Of them, 189 are mentally challenged, 52 are hearing-impaired, 34 are visually impaired and 92 are ortho,\" he said.At present, parents of these children have to take their wards to various places for treatment.\"We will set up a sound proof speech therapy room, for which we have all the equipment. The main objective was early detection or early intervention programme that will ensure speedy cure,\" he added.The model centre will have a clinical psychologist, a physiotherapist and a family consultant. Speech therapist and neuro physician will also remain present. \"Vigorous training was essential for autism as there was no medicine to cure it. Treatment-cum-training will be given for other developmental disorders as well,\" said Raut adding, \"A counselling centre for parents will also be set up in the premises,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871511", "title": "Tatkal scam run from outside Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations into the Tatkal ticket scam have established that most agents book tickets of trains originating from Delhi 90 days in advance, from cities like Indore and Patna . They then auction these tickets. The Delhi-based agent who makes the highest bid gets the tickets on his doorstep. Agents from Delhi place specific orders with those outside the city; the tickets are delivered by air within six hours.Munna, a travel agent who is the main accused, is said to be running the racket from Paharganj. He is on the run.The finding comes days after a travel agent was arrested for cornering tickets by booking them under fictitious names. Mukesh Kumar Rai was arrested last week after a raid at his travel agency.\"The agents believed that non-IRCTC tickets bought over the counter are rarely checked by TTEs. They would just sign on the ticket and rarely ask for an identity proof like they do with an e-ticket. The touts' business was run entirely on this premise,'' said an investigating officer (IO). Railway officials, however, said they were not aware of the findings.\"With a crackdown on such agents and changes in the scheme, we believe the malpractice will be curbed,\" said a Northern Railway official.Police said they have recovered air tickets used by these agents and touts. \"Travelling by air to hand over train tickets procured from another city is nothing new. The UP police and Mumbai police have busted gangs which bought tickets from Patna. However, the well-oiled machinery and country-wide network of the touts has left us amazed,\" said the IO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14871972", "title": "Ambitious lecture theatre complex at AU gets delayed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: What was presented as a new dawn in terms of architectural beauty and facilities for the under-grdaute students of Allahabad University, the ambitious Lecture Theatre Complex -- being constructed at the FCI compound of AU with the cost of Rs 48 crores -- has been delayed.With no signs of making the building functional in coming months, despite the fact that the civil construction work of the building is almost complete, the delay is because of the fact that varsity authorities are not able to decide whether the building should be fitted with centralized air-conditioning or not.Located at the FCI ground of AU, opposite to the main gate of varsity, the lecture theatre complex was earlier projected to start in the coming academic session. The complex is exclusively meant for the undergraduate students of the varsity besides accommodating various administrative offices.Having a total built-up area of around 10,000 square meters, the complex is almost complete with anxious eyes wanting to get the details of the amenities that would be provided in it. Among the galaxy of facilities, the complex has 12 state-of-the-art lecture theatres, each accommodating around 160 students.Having complete acoustic treatment, sound system, modern teaching aids with LCD projectors and internet connectivity, an inbuilt fire-fighting mechanism. These 12 halls are located in two blocks, each having two of these modern classrooms in each floor. A connected toilet, a small pantry, faculty lounge with the capacity for 30 students etc, were also among the list of amenities that would be provided for the students. Besides the lecture halls, 18 tutorial rooms, a huge basement, parking to accommodate over 150 cars and equal numbers of two wheelers and bicycles, rain water management, fire detection system, power backup etc are also among the amities.But even as the civil work of the building has been almost completed for the past around six months, the complex is far from getting functional in the coming months. Sources close to TOI informed that the entire project is being delayed because of the fact there are two sets of opinion regarding provision of centralized air-conditioning in the building. While some of the faculty members and experts are of the opinion that installing fans in the lecture halls would be sufficient, the other group feels that varsity should go with the air-conditioning. Sources informed that if AU goes with centralized air-conditioning, it would need a system of 700 tonne output of air-conditioning. In economic terms, AU authorities would have to shell out an amount of around Rs 40,000 per day (if the air-conditioner runs for five hours a day) against the usage of electricity in running the air-conditioners which means an amount of around Rs 10 lakh a month.At the time of initial planning, the architect had proposed that AC would be fitted if needed and it is felt that the classrooms on the uppermost floor should be fitted with AC's while those in the lower floors are already quite cool and in that case, installing simple fan would serve the purpose. Sources further informed that an amount of Rs 48.20 crore was allocated for the entire project and RITES was given the task of completing the civil work along with false ceiling in lecture hall, electrical fitting, lightening, furnishing toilets, fixing doors etc. Fixing the AC's would need an amount of Rs 8 crore and Rs 4 crore for furniture etc, whereas an amount of around Rs 43 crore has already being paid to RITES.In such circumstances, things are running out of hand and AU authorities should expedite the process in finalising the issue whether to go with installing fan or AC's. Once the decision is made, the building could be made functional in next three months, informed the source.Commenting on the issue, a senior faculty member of AU who is also the team member of the Public Relation Office of AU, Prof Prashant Agarwal, said, \"Completing the building and making it functional is high on agenda of the varsity authorities and all hurdles would be cleared to see that the students of AU get the state of art of amenities AU would also be known for the architectural beauty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14876192", "title": "Tied body of child found on Tapi bank", "text": "SURAT: Body of baby boy, believed to be around three years old, was found on the bank of Tapi river near Magdalla bridge on Thursday evening.The hands and legs of baby were tied with rope. The body was wrapped in a piece of cloth and tied with a plastic bag full of sand.Police also found a coconut with the body and Rs 10 currency note in the child's hand.Police believe that the body was cremated after death. Certain communities leave the body in river by tying weight with it. No injury marks were found on the body.The body was sent for postmortem and viscera samples were collected for tests.Police are also checking cremation sites on Tapi river bank where children of different communities are buried.During questing, police came to know that few communities leave the body of children in water instead of cremating or burying them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14873130", "title": "Fake Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption officer blackmails VC, held", "text": "CHENNAI: Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption sleuths have arrested a 40-year-old man who, posing as a DVAC officer, tried to blackmail a tahsildar. Christopher alias Gandhi, a resident of Santhome, was arrested from the Anna Salai area on Thursday evening. He has been sent to prison on Friday.DVAC officials said Christopher also called up former vice-chancellor of Agriculture University in Coimbatore Murugesa Bhoopathy and introduced himself as a superintendent of the DVAC. He informed Bhoopathy that Ranganathan, who is known to Bhoopathy, may be grilled in connection with a case pending before the DVAC. He told Bhoopathy, if Ranganathan wanted to close the file, he should pay 5 lakh.Christopher collected 2.75 lakh and was arrested while taking another 25,000 on Thursday. His two associates - Mariappan and Karthikeyan - were also arrested. Bhoopathy turned suspicious about Christopher and made inquiries with some friends in the police. Finding out that a DSP with similar name had retired two years earlier, Ranganathan filed a complaint with the DVAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14876380", "title": "Railways to install coin vending machines", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railways has decided to install coin vending machines (CVMs) at booking offices at stations by August to facilitate passengers looking for loose change while buying a train ticket.The elaborate guidelines have been sent to all zonal railways for quick implementation and first choice could be given to State Bank of India (SBI) followed by other public sector banks on a first-cum-first-served basis for installing the machines.Railways will provide space for installing the CVMs on a nominal, one-time licence fee of Re 1 and electricity for the machine would be provided free of cost.Initially, the CVMs will be installed for three years, and there could be a maximum of four machines at each booking office in big stations and a maximum of two at other stations.\"The bank will ensure that the requisite amount of coins are available in machines at all times,\" said an official.The CVM would also display the name of the bank manager concerned to be contacted if there is shortage of loose change and maintenance work is needed. The banks would be allowed to display their logos on the CVMs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872298", "title": "Online counselling not yet a breeze for students", "text": "BANGALORE: While Day 1 of CET online counselling was marred by late declaration of seat matrix, network congestion and super-slow website, Day 2 witnessed a different problem altogether.Out of six links on KEA website for students to choose their preferences, four were kept under restoration till late evening. When students with CET number falling under first two links (AA001 - BZ999) could go ahead and try their luck, the rest were left with no other option than to play the waiting game. These links, the only thoroughfare for students to block a seat, were being blocked and released every few minutes.\"First I waited for hours together for the third link to be released as my CET number falls in that category. Once it was released, I tried to go ahead, but it failed. A message flashed that 'server is busy'. I have no clue what is going on. I tried yesterday but could not go ahead due to server breakdown. Although online counselling was a great idea, the department should have implemented it after being sure that they can handle it,\" said Sharan Patil, a student.Those who thought of trying their luck early morning also went back empty-handed. \"I logged in at 9 am. But as soon as I opened the website, I saw the message, 'There are many logged on right now. Please login after 3 pm'. The message kept flashing constantly till 3pm and after that the link with my CET number was blocked for restoration,\" said Deeksha Cauvery, a student.SMOOTH SAIL SOON: OFFICIALSOfficials said the problems will be sorted out completely by Friday evening. \"After experiencing excess traffic due to students logging in multiple times from the same machine, we decided to put six different servers so that every one gets a fair chance. We have split one database into six and four of them are already working. Rest two links are still locked as we need public IP from e-governance section of the government of Karnataka. There are network specialists working at Vidhana Soudha and these links will start working as soon as we get the IPs,\" said an official.DATE EXTENDED TILL JULY 19Owing to the shaky start of the online counselling, the Karnataka Examination Authority has decided to extend the date. Now students can enter their options of courses and college till July 19. \"We have extended the dates as we were busy linking the servers to CET numbers of Friday. But the process of online counselling is back on track with this. Now it is going to be smooth. Students will have lakhs of options, but they should not feel that their job is done. They should always revisit and revise their options,\" said Rashmi V, executive director, KEA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14870483", "title": "AIIMS booster to peripheral villages", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With opening of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) around a month away, excitement is in the air in villages surrounding the apex healthcare institute. The villagers believe that it will ensure new roads, better civic infrastructure and more livelihood options in their area.\"These were barren piece of land a couple of years ago. One would fear crossing the lonely stretch at odd hours. However, it is fast turning into a centre of activity for around 10 villages near it,\" said Sukanti Lenka, whose maternal village is Sijua where the city AIIMS is located. \"When I came to the village last time, only brick and mortars were visible. Now, the building complex is standing tall as a giant landmark for the entire locality,\" she said.The institute is almost functionally ready now. Sijua, Patrapada, Ranasinghpur and Suang villages lying in close proximity of the speciality health centre have started reaping its benefits. \"When people used to tell us that the road near our village will be a four-lane like a national highway, it is difficult to believe. The road from NH-police academy and AIIMS is already been four-laned, improving our connectivity,\" said Renubala Ghumansingh, a resident of the locality.\"Last monsoon, reaching the village was a struggle because of the narrow muddy passage from the NH. The same has given way to a well-laid pitch-coated road,\" said Renubala beaming. \"Ours has become a sought after locality,\" said Manguli, a farmer.Land price has skyrocketed. Villagers are now exploring options on allied livelihood opportunities because of the hospital like starting chemist shops, catering or renting out houses, among other things, said a grocery shop-owner in Patrapada.While work to shift an 11 KV line along the road has been progressing at a fast pace, work to widen another road on the left side of the Rs 840-crore project leading to Sijua village is set to begin soon, official sources said.In another boon to the locality, several big-ticket real estate projects are coming up around the complex. The Odisha State Housing Board is executing three housing projects, one each in Patrapada, Ranasinghpur and Suang villages in public-private partnership mode. OSHB in partnership with private developer Vipul has been constructing a premium project 'Vipul Greens.' At least five other small and medium size housing projects are under various stages of construction.Despite the overall upbeat mood, section of villagers in Sijua resented that the government is not paying heed to their demands to retain the existing road to their village through AIIMS. \"We have made consistent requests through different forums to retain the panchayat road from Gridco Chowk to Kanakdurga temple. But the government has remained non-committal. This historic road is very important for the village's connectivity,\" said Pravakar Jena, a resident of Sijua. Around 85% of the around 100 acre land of the AIIMS is from Sijua village while the rest 15 per cent is from Patrapada. \"The institute has taken away the entire vacant land of the village leaving no space for children to play or cattle to graze. We used to use this land for many other purposes,\" said Sushila Badjena, an elderly woman.The medical college and hospital building of the 978-bed hospital, under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana, with 15 super speciality and 18 speciality wards, is nearing completion. The government has already announced to start admission in the AIIMS here in August this year and operationalise the hospital by March. The government has said students and staff of the AIIMS-clone will be temporarily housed elsewhere since the residential area of the complex is not yet ready. AIIMS director Ashok Kumar Mahapatra has said he would strive to make the institute at par with AIIMS, New Delhi, in medical education, patient care and research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14876697", "title": "Short film contest to hold fourth edition tomorrow", "text": "VADODARA: Filmmaking enthusiasts from the state and even abroad will get another shot to test their skills at the fourth season of Hot Shorts film festival-cum-competition being held in the city.The competition started in 2008 with the aim to promote local filmmakers and give them a platform to exhibit and test their skills. It has been judged earlier by noted filmmakers like Anurag Kashyap and R Balki. Shriram Raghwan, who directed 'Agent Vinod', 'Johnny Gaddar' and 'Ek Hasina Thi', and actress Shernaz Patel, who acted in movies like 'Black', 'Guzaarish' and 'Rockstar', will judge the event this year.Film enthusiast Neeraj Joshi, who started the event, said 50 people had submitted as many short films for the event this year. \"These included entries from the state as well as from Mumbai. Some assistant directors from Bollywood have also submitted their entries. The films deal with a variety of issues like relationships, the masks one has to wear to play different roles in life etc.,\" Joshi said.The jury will shortlist 30 to 35 films, which will be screened on Sunday in the competition. First prize and runner up awards for the best film, best acting performance and best director categories will be given.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14871983", "title": "Belghoria Expressway to get streetlights, finally", "text": "KOLKATA: After a spate of accidents and a series of murders, Belghoria Expressway will finally get streetlights.The decision was taken after a prodding by chief minister Mamata Banerjee during a meeting with officials and public representatives of North 24-Parganas last Saturday. Though the road is under the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), the work will be done by the state government which will take it up immediately.The chief minister refused to buy the logic that the state would not install streetlights because the road was not under it. \"She asked the PWD to do the work,\" a senior official said on Friday.Initially, the road did have lights, but some of these went defunct, and there was also the issue of who would pay the recurring cost of electricity bills. It has now been decided that the local municipalities would foot the bill, said PWD secretary A R Bardan.During Saturday's meeting, local member of Parliament Sougata Roy raised the issue that the expressway has long been deprived of streetlights. It has become a crime den with several murders having taken place here along with reports of criminals stopping vehicles for looting.On Friday, NHAI director general C Kandasami held a meeting with senior state officials. The NHAI has agreed to clear the cost of maintenance and improvement of roads over four stretches along NH-31 and NH-31C. The cost of the work would come to over Rs 100 crore.The Madarihat-Hasimara stretch of NH-31 has been in a pathetic state for two years with a series of accidents happening here. The chief minister is on a trip to Jalpaiguri and Cooch Behar and Bardan was in Delhi ahead of the trip to discuss the issue of repairing the stretch.Madarihat to Hasimara, which connects Sevoke to Assam , is one of the only two connectors that links the northeast to the rest of the country.Local people had been agitating against the poor state of the road for quite some time, but nothing was done all this while. There is also a possibility that NHAI will grant more funds this year for the national highways the state government maintains.The road from Nandakumar to Chandaneswar via Digha - totaling 92 km - has already been declared a national highway. This means it will get much more funds for maintenance and will also get upgraded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14873934", "title": "Food and drugs administration team conducts inspections in Salcete", "text": "MARGAO: A directorate of food and drugs administration (FDA) team on Friday evening conducted inspections of mobile handcarts and kiosks selling eatables at various places in Salcete taluka.The FDA team led by food inspectors Nelson Fernandes and Abel Rodrigues first conducted the inspection at Colva following which they proceeded to the Konkan railway station, Margao, where the exercise was underway until late hours. \"This is a routine inspection that the FDA is conducting periodically to ensure that all guidelines concerning maintaining hygienic conditions and safe food are followed by hawkers serving eatables. We found four units violating the guidelines and they were told to close down immediately,\" Fernandes told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14891958", "title": "Star studded affair at premiere of Awara", "text": "It was a star studded affair at the premiere of Bengali movie 'Awara'. The premiere was organised at Navina in Kolkata. Deb Sen, Ravi Kinnagi, Supriyo Dutta, Ravi Kinnagi, Samidh Mukherjee, Kharaj Mukherjee, Sayantika and many others were spotted at the premiere of the movie.It is one of the most awaited movies of the year and has been weel received by the audience. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14872635", "title": "Free DNA fingerprinting services for AP", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics (CDFD) and the state government , represented by the additional director general of police, Crime Investigation Department (CID) signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for collaboration in DNA fingerprinting and training.As per the agreement, CDFD will provide DNA fingerprinting services to the CID, AP Forensic Science Laboratory ( APFSL) and other law enforcing and crime investigation agencies free of cost. The CDFD will provide the DNA fingerprinting services to them free of cost.The MoU was signed by S V Ramana Murthy, additional DGP of CID and J Gowrishankar, director, CDFD, on July 11.The MoU will promote the use of DNA profiling methods in investigation and prosecution of criminal casesin the interest of justice and equity. The CDFD will recruit scientific/technical personnel for the purpose. In the initial stage, the CDFD will undertake 200 cases per year.An important aspect of this MoU is the provision for training and sensitizing scientific personnel and other stakeholders in activities like evidence collection, handling and transportation methods, chain of custody, quality control and quality assurance. The arrangement will benefit the state police especially in identifying mutilated remains or bodies and sexual assault cases.The CDFD is an autonomous organization funded by the department of biotechnology, which is under the ministry of science and technology, government of India.The CDFD had entered into a similar MoU with the government of Odisha in August 2011 to provide DNA profiling services to the cases forwarded by that governemnt, wherein CDFD established a DNA Profiling Laboratory at the Institute of Life Sciences, Bhubaneswar, which like CDFD is also an autonomous institute of the department of biotechnology. Ministry of Science and Technology, Govt. of India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871082", "title": "Midnight local derails at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus", "text": "MUMBAI: A compartment of a train pulling into CST derailed on Thursday midnight. No one was injured and the incident did not cause any cancellation of services. \"As the Kasara-CST local entered platform 4, a trolley of the third coach from end derailed at 12.03am on Thursday night. The incident did not hit the late-night suburban services,\" a CR spokesperson said.Senior Central Railway officials supervised the restoration work and the local was put back on tracks at 2.31am. CR general manager Subodh Jain also inspected the spot. \"A report will be prepared to identify whether the derailment was due to unit (compartment) defect or a flaw in the track design,\" the CR official said. This is second derailment at CST in the past seven months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14870611", "title": "Govt asks culture varsity to fine tune state song", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has asked the Utkal University of Culture (UUC) to prescribe specific tuning and lines to play the state-song, \"Bande Utkal Janani\", in view of the disjointed use of the popular patriotic song by several organizations. The state home department's order (copy with TOI), issued to the culture department on Wednesday, followed a proposal given by UUC to maintain uniformity in the playing of the song recently.Culture department's director Sushil Kumar Das said, \"We will convene a meeting with UUC's authorities to fine tune the process.\" \"In May I proposed to the state government to allow us to prescribe a standard tuning format for playing the song. On many occasions, we found the song being played or sung incoherently with repetition of lines or words,\" vice-chancellor Amiya Kumar Patnaik told TOI.The patriotic song, written by Kantakabi Laxmikant Mohapatra in 1912, is recited before the start of almost all important government and non-government functions. Audience stand up spontaneously as a mark of respect to this soul-stirring composition.Patnaik said he would constitute a committee, consisting of experts of vocal and instrumental music to create the standard format of the song. \"The original song is too long (nearly 7 stanzas) and takes nearly seven minutes to finish. Elderly people and children often find it difficult to stand up for a long time during playing of the song at functions. As per government's permission, we will take two or three stanzas for recital, which would take a maximum of 1 or 1.30 minutes,\" Patnaik said.UUC would hire a studio and record the song in vocal, instrumental and police band formats. \"We will create CDs and distribute it among different organizations. They will either play the same CD or practice the song on their own by following the prescribed tuning,\" the VC informed.Prabhukalyan Mohapatra, senior journalist and grandson of the poet, said the state government is yet to accord the \"state anthem\" status to Bande Utkal Janani. \"Long back a high power committee under chairmanship of Odisha Assembly Speaker recommended the government to maintain uniformity in the tuning of the song and bring out a notification to accord state anthem status to it, but to no avail,\" Mohapatra said. Several socio-cultural outfits like Utkal Sammilani and Biswa Odia Sammilani had in the past staged demonstration in front of the Assembly demanding state anthem status to the song.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14873931", "title": "Free solutions for your legal problems", "text": "MYSORE: This clinic gives free legal advice, coming to the aid of scores of people. Free assistance is provided to all, including women, SC/STs, labour group, with less than Rs 1.2 lakh annual income.Mysore district legal aid clinic (LAC) had set up State Legal Services Authority (SLSA) with an aim to resolve disputes at the primary level and preventing disagreement from maturing into litigation by counseling the parties. So far it has saved many families from entering into a legal battle.From family issues to property cases, the clinic has resolved hundreds of cases since it was started on March 5, 2011. LAC co-ordinator Sundar Raj N told TOI: \"Our intention is to reduce litigation through arbitration. We have informed the city and district police wings about the existence of the clinic.\" Anyone who needs free legal aid in any matter can visit the clinic, located in the court premises, between 10 am and 6 pm on working days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14873073", "title": "Rains bring down power demand in Chennai by 450MW", "text": "CHENNAI: Continuous showers across the state for the past couple of days have brought down power consumption.Sources in the Tamil Nadu Electricity Borad (TNEB) said the total consumption of electricity had dropped by around 500MW in the state since July 1. In Chennai, the total consumption of energy which was around 2,450MW per hour in June has now dropped to around 2,000MW per hour. Around five lakh people in the city, including some areas that fall under Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur districts, consume more than 500 units bi-monthly. \"Last month was a difficult period in terms of power supply. The uncertain monsoon and intense heat resulted in high consumption forcing us to resort to several measures, including load shedding and power holidays. But since July 1, the power situation has improved a lot and we hope it will continue further,\" said TNEB sources.At present, the state's total electricity demand is around 12,000MW per hour and the generation 8,000MW per hour. \"The drop in power consumption is not actually savings. But, it helps us reduce the overall power deficit in the state. Either way, it is beneficial,\" said TNEB sources.TNEB sources said the highest power consumers in the city were software companies and IT parks, especially on the IT Corridor or Old Mahabalipuram Road (OMR). IT companies are classified high tension (HT) consumers. \"In the low tension (LT) category, malls and multiplex complexes are the largest consumers,\" said TNEB sources.With several power projects nearing completion or about to start production, including the Kudankulam nuclear plant, TNEB officials hope that the situation will only get better. Stage-II of the North Chennai Thermal Power Station is being expanded, with two units of 600MW each expected to be commissioned before July and October this year. The Mettur thermal power station is also being expanded and is expected to add 600MW soon. !Besides, strong winds in the southern and coastal areas have increased generation from wind energy to 3,500MW. Except on July 1 when wind energy production was 2,725MW, generation of wind power remained above 3,000MW in the past fortnight. The state accounts for 7,034MW of the country's annual wind energy generation capacity of around 14,000MW. Windmills at Muppanthal in Kanyakumari, Panagudi in Tirunelveli, Kayathar in Tuticorin and Palladam in western Tamil Nadu all generate power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872098", "title": "Berth pangs push BSY camp to verge of split", "text": "BANGALORE: The simmering dissidence by a section of MLAs in the ruling-BJP who missed out cabinet berths in the new government appears to have divided former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's camp.Belur Gopalakrishna, B Suresh Gowda and B P Harish are said to told Yeddyurappa that would not step into his house in future as he did not fight their case for cabinet induction. Hoping they would be part of the cabinet, these MLAs were most vocal and acted like Yeddyurappa's spokespersons in the Oust Sadananda Gowda Campaign.Others MLAs in the Yeddyurappa camp upset with Yeddyurappa include K Shivannagouda Naik, M P Kumaraswamy, M Chandrappa, C C Patil, Prathapgouda Patil and G Karunakara Reddy. They constituted the core group and Yeddyurappa drew strength from them for dissidence.With none of them getting a berth, the group is on the verge of a split. Yeddyurappa's demand to the BJP high command to include MLC BJ Puttaswamy in the government has further angered these disgruntled MLAs. Sources said Yeddyurappa told state and central BJP leaders that Puttaswamy's inclusion in the cabinet is equivalent to three or four ministers.At a time when (JDS) leaders HD Deve Gowda, HD Kumaraswamy and HD Revanna were going public about Yeddyurappa's corrupt practices by releasing documents pertaining to kickbacks he allegedly received for various projects and land denotification, it was Puttaswamy who came to the rescue of Yeddyurappa by countering it by releasing documents of alleged corrupt practices of JD(S) leaders.The disgruntled MLAs met at former minister Karunakara Reddy's residence on Friday. Around 5-6 MLAs, mostly from Bellary, attended the meet. These MLAs plan to meet on Monday and leave to New Delhi later to give a memorandum to BJP bosses to set right things in the state.Meanwhile, Haladi Srinivas Shetty, who said he didn't get a ministerial berth despite assurance by all top leaders, wanted to resign, but Speaker KG Bopaiah was not present. Two senior leaders maintained that Shetty's name was never in the probables list. \"He is a good leader and an asset to the party, we'll pacify him,\" a senior minister told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14876897", "title": "White House cop threatens to kill Michelle", "text": "WASHINGTON: US first lady Michelle Obama has reportedly received a death threat from a police officer who worked as a motorcycle escort for White House officials and visiting dignitaries. Washington DC police are investigating a metro police officer for making the alleged comments. \"We received an allegation that inappropriate comments were made. We are currently investigating the nature of those comments,\" said according to a statement from the D C metro police department.The officer works as a motorcycle escort with the agency, but has since been moved to administrative duty, according to the Washington Post. The motorman allegedly made the comments on Wednesday as several officers from the Special Operations Division discussed threats against President Barack Obama.It was not immediately clear where the alleged conversation took place or exactly how many officers took part in the conversation.During that conversation, the officials said, the officer allegedly said he would shoot the first lady and then used his phone to retrieve a picture of the firearm he said he would use.It was not immediately clear what type of firearm was allegedly shown. Police officials declined to identify the officer. Officials from the US attorney's office declined comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14873805", "title": "'Can better shacks, if licences valid for longer'", "text": "PANAJI: Though the tourism minister recently said the new shack policy would be in place only from 2013, some shack owners are hoping this year's beach shack policy will provide them with some stability, at least in terms of the duration of the licence.One shack operators' group is hoping for a 10-year license, while the government has proposed a 3 to 5-year-long licence in its new shack policy.Licences are currently issued for just the tourist season, often October to May.John Lobo, secretary of the 317-member Shack Owners Welfare Society, said, \"Since the government gives long leases of over 20 years for other ventures, long leases should apply to us too.\"Explaining this, he said licences for a longer tenure will help shack operators invest in better quality infrastructure.\"If the licences are given for a longer duration, we can invest in better furniture, cutlery and crockery; we could provide better ambiance,\" said Lobo.Asked what duration the group wishes a license to be valid, Lobo felt a 10-year licence would be ideal, but said, \"It is for the government to decide.\"The Goan Traditional Shack Owners Association, which has around 75 members, said they would agree to longer-duration licences only if \"all existing, genuine shack owners are issued licences\".\"Otherwise, if longer-duration licences are given through a lottery system, genuine shack owners who miss out on the lottery will be out of business for the entire duration of the licence,\" said association president Manuel Cardoz.Explaining the rationale for the longer-duration licences, Lobo said the same would ensure that only serious players remain in the business.\"Ever since the lottery allocation system came into being, many shacks which bag licences are sublet,\" claimed Lobo.He claimed this is because the new licence holders \"do not wish to invest in shacks because of the risk of not getting a licence the following season\".\"It is also almost impossible to get a loan on a one-year licence,\" Lobo said.He further said members would discuss suggestions for the government's new shack policy 2013 at a meeting this week. \"We will see what the members want, and then take the proposals to the government,\" said Lobo. He added that chief minister Manohar Parrikar had assured shack owners that he would look into their concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14892419", "title": "Dark MC teams up with Miss Pooja for Aetbaar", "text": "The Dark Mc has been entertaining the crowds with his heavy baselines and sharp synths and explosive performances across the globe.After releasing his very first album 'Getting Dark In Here'' which featured the vocals of the late great Kaka Bhaniawala on the hit track 'Dushmani' and having exploded back on to the music scene with his 5 track E.P titled 'Retribution' featuring hit track 'Jaadu' which was the follow up to the super mega hit 'Chori Chori Takna' off his first Moviebox album 'Incisive', this time round he is heating up the dance floors again as king of the new bhangra sound generation along with teaming up with his cousin angel once again which will sure be a guaranteed special twist.His brand new single which features the 'Queen of Bhangra' Miss Pooja is not your typical Pooja track but sure to be an anthem to come out of the Moviebox camp year. The unique and eye catching video which was shot in Delhi and Jaipur and will be airing around the world on TV within the next month during release date so keep your eyes peeled for this energetic, vibrant, mind blowing video masterpiece shot by the highly acclaimed video producer Sandeep Sharma ! The single is set to release in 19th July. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14870856", "title": "Dadri trips, Delhi suffers frequent power cuts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Several areas in the capital faced power outages throughout the day due to multiple problems in power stations and transmission lines. The areas included Patparganj, Mayur Vihar Phases I and II, Gulmohar Park, Kalkaji, Dwarka, Khichripur and Vivek Vihar.Problems started as early as 5.45am when one 490MW unit tripped at the Dadri power station, followed by the second unit of a similar capacity around 10am. As the Dadri plant sends 80% of its power to Delhi, the city suddenly had a shortfall of around 750MW. Discoms BRPL, BYPL and Tata Power Delhi went for rotational load-shedding till the supply was normalized around 8pm.\"Discoms were overdrawing up to 800MW from Northern Grid throughout the day to make up for the shortfall. Despite this, many areas faced frequent disruptions for most of the day,\" said an official.Discoms and Delhi Transco played a pass-the-buck game. While BSES discoms said the tripping of Transco's 220kV Wazirabad-Geeta Colony line added to the problem and led to power cuts in south and east Delhi, Transco officials alleged that the 66kV Ghonda-Wazirpur line of BSES had not been functioning since June 29, worsening the situation.\"The 220kV line tripped on Friday afternoon due to a technical fault, but there are multiple BSES transmission lines that have not been functioning since last month. These include the Ghazipur-Vivek Vihar line or the Ghazipur-Kondli line. Mayur Vihar was affected more because these 66kV lines were non-functional,\" said a Transco official.Akshita Singhal, a resident of Mayur Vihar II, said, \"There was a two-hour power cut in the morning and then no power for almost three hours in the afternoon. In the evening, supply was extremely erratic.\"Although many households were dependent on air-conditioners due to excessive humidity, the peak load on Friday was 4,817MW, much less than high demands recorded through out the season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14871630", "title": "City applauds Kerala's art form", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Kerala mural art paintings have been put on display at the ongoing exhibition at the Lalit Kala Academy. The visitors at the exhibition have been impressed by some of the paintings that are on display.Giving details about the mural art paintings, an ardent fan of the art form, 22-year-old Shrey Aiyar, who is pursuing engineering from Noida, Shrey says, \"It takes over a month to complete one painting which has intricate details of the various mythological characters in the paining. Kerala mural paintings are frescos depicting mythology on the walls of temples and palaces in Kerala. It is a 1000-year-old art form which had a few years ago become a dying art, but is now under revival.\"Originally hailing from Kerala, Shrey's family settled in Lucknow 20 years ago. \"Whenever we used to go to Kerala during summer holidays, I used to go to the temples and was attracted to the art form after seeing the paintings in the various temples there. I wanted to learn about the paintings and that led me to Master S Warrier at the Indian School of Arts in Kochi. It was he who drew me to take up the art. He taught me the nuances of the paining which is very intricate and complex,\" Shery said.Just as the paintings of Ajanta are considered unique for their colour and form, the murals of Kerala stand out for their emphasis on beauty, clarity and symmetry. Natural colours are used in the paintings, which has to be built up in layers to depict the way the murals have been drawn on the walls of the temples. tnnThe traditional style mural art form, using natural pigments and vegetable colours, is being revived by a new genre of artists actively involved in researching and teaching mural art at the Sree Sankara Sanskrit College in Kalady and also at a mural art school associated with the Guruvayoor Temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872769", "title": "New plan to ease traffic at Shoolay circle", "text": "BANGALORE: The police brought changes in the traffic movement at Shoolay Circle (Vellara Junction), hence, vehicles moving towards Brigade Road won't be allowed to take a right turn there.Police hope that by doing so traffic jams on Richmond Circle and Hosur Road will be reduced.With the new change, vehicles coming from Brigade Road will not be able to take a right turn at Shoolay (Vellara junction) Circle.Now, vehicles should enter Wood Street and take a right through Tait Lane and join the traffic coming from Lifestyle towards Richmond Circle. Apart from thatBesides, no parking will be allowed on Tait Lane.\"These changes will be effective from Saturday on an experimental basis. Once proved feasible, it will be made permanent,\" said a traffic police official.According to MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic), \"By stopping the right turns at Shoolay Circle, the signal time could be brought down by 30 seconds.\" This time could be given to thetraffic coming from Lifestyle building on Richmond road As traffic flow is heavy from Hosur Road and Lifestyle and comparatively less from the from Residency Road side, this change in signal timings would help reducing the traffic congestion.\"Earlier, it took 90 seconds for the traffic signal to turn green for the traffic coming from Life style side to Richmond Circle. It will now be reduced by 60 seconds and green light will come in 90 seconds, instead of 125 seconds, for motorists coming from Hosur Road,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872429", "title": "Bangalore City railway station will boast of new building soon", "text": "BANGALORE: Come October, Bangalore City railway station will have a new building at the Okalipuram end of the platforms. South Western Railways (SWR), in its extensive expansion plans for Bangalore division, assured that this facility will be launched soon. Reservation counters, concourse, rest area and rooftop restaurant in a six to seven storeyed building will be the priority.The building will come up at the back entrance of the City station after platform No. 5, at a cost of Rs 2 crore. Sudhanshu Mani, divisional railway manager (DRM), Bangalore division, said: \"We will start with the booking counters and concourse by October, because on Sundays, we notice huge crowd at the booking counters here. Dormitories, lounge and basement parking facilities will be added later.\"In its other plans, sanction to have a mini coaching terminal at Byappanahalli is approved at about Rs 12 crore. \"At present, coaching, cleaning and maintenance of trains are done between the fourth and the fifth platforms which cause much inconvenience. We plan to get rid of such facilities in the station and instead build four to five more platforms here. We can shift the coaching and cleaning to Byappanahalli and Mysore if required,\" he said.About the security plans that the railway ministry has for stations across the country, he said: \"Bag scanners to begin with is being thought of. Bangalore City will have two bag scanners and two vehicle scanners apart from 100 more cameras. Yeshwantpur station will also have scanners,\" said Mani. The City station will also have four more escalators from the platforms and a foot overbridge from the subway.HOP ON TO BUSES FROM RLY STNMani said the railways and BMTC are holding talks to bring the buses closer to the concourse or platforms of the City station, to make it easy for the passengers. \"We are also thinking to provide the BMTC a separate bus lane 50 metres close to the concourse and platforms like they have in Chennai Central. Also to let buses enter the station roads near Khoday's Circle,\" he said.COMMUTER RAIL STUDY SHOULD BE REVISEDThe commuter rail service study conducted by the Rail India Technological and Economic Solution (RITES) and submitted to the Directorate of Urban Land Transport (DULT), in June, needs certain corrections and has been sent back for revision. \"We had a meeting at the office of the commissioner of DULT V Manjula. The study does not clarify the investment model,\" Mani explained.He said Metro works in and around the City railway station are on going unhindered at MG Colony where an underground station is coming up and also the tunnelling process behind the City station towards Leprosy Hospital. \"There are some issues pertaining to land acquisition, but all others have been solved with BMRC. Passenger interfaces at City station and at Yeshwantpur and foot overbridge at Byappanahalli are the examples of well co-ordinated work between the two parties,\" he added.TOKEN FOR TATKALRailway officials will give you a number on the application form you fill to book a tatkal ticket. Token will be issued to passengers who want both tatkal and ordinary tickets. Mani said special officers who will patrol the reservation counters from 10am to Noon, will do the numbering of tatkal applicants. \"Tatkal applicants should form a separate queue. We will give them numbers parallel to the token numbers based on first-come-first-served basis,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14877706", "title": "Give 50 seats each to OMC, KMC, MCI told", "text": "HYDERABAD: Questioning the rationale of the Medical Council of India (MCI) in allotting additional seats to medical colleges in AP, Justice C V Nagarjuna Reddy of the high court on Friday directed the medical body to sanction 50 new MBBS seats each to Kakatiya and Osmania medical colleges within two days.The judge was responding to a petition filed by the state government which told the court that it felt aggrieved by the recent decision of the MCI which granted new seats to several private medical colleges in the state but left out many government colleges including Kakatiya Medical College (KMC) and OMC. The state said the functioning of MCI was \"not in tune with its own guidelines\". While granting additional seats, the judge in his interim order, said the additional seat strength would benefit the needy and the poor among the students. Along with the state government, KMC and OMC principals too joined the litigation as petitioners.The MCI had earlier rejected the request of these government colleges for additional seats on the ground that they did not possess certain amenities. In both the cases of KMC and OMC, the MCI turned down their pleas saying that they did not have the infrastructure to cater to the additional seats. Osmania Medical College currently has 200 MBBS seats and apart from lacking in facilities, including poorly equipped labs and inadequate number of hostel rooms, its poor staff strength was cited as the reasons by MCI for not granting additional seats.However, the high court did not spare the state authorities either. Finding fault with them for failing to rectify even the minimal lapses pointed out by the MCI, Justice Nagarjuna Reddy said: \"It is one month since they rejected it. You have ample time to rectify them, Yet you have decided to knock the door of the court at the last minute just to wash your hands off. Your love towards the private players is also visible here. The delay made by you seems to be intentional.\"The court directed that the principal secretary of the medical and health department file an affidavit to the effect that he would ensure that these colleges were in compliance with MCI guidelines.The matter was posted to August 13 for further hearing. There are 42 medical colleges in the state of which 14 are government-run. This year, MCI had granted 50 additional seats to Andhra Medical College in Visakhapatnam and Kurnool Medical College bringing them on a par with Osmania Medical College with their seat strength touching 200. Currently, there are 5,500 medical seats in the state and, if the MCI were to add 50 seats each in the Osmania and Kakatiya medical colleges, that figure would rise to 5,600.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14892306", "title": "Happy with Julayi promotional song: Trivikram", "text": "Fans of stylish star Allu Arjun were excited to see their favorite hero in action. Recently, the unit of \"Julyai\" shot a promotional song on Allu Arjun and others at a college campus in the old city in Hyderabad. The students from the college gathered around the sets of the film trying to get a glimpse of Allu Arjun and greet him.Director Trivikram Srinivas, music director Devi Sri Prasad and others were filming the song 'Pakado Pakado' on Allu Arjun at the Khurshid Jha Devdi College for Women, near Charminar. The song, which also has DSP crooning, is tipped to be a mass number and will be used only for publicity and will not feature in the movie.Trivikram expressed satisfaction over the way the song has come out and added that he would use it as a promotional tool. The film, which is hitting the screens on August 9, will gear its publicity initiatives in the next couple of weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "14873601", "title": "New ultra-modern bus stand for Margao, says Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar", "text": "PORVORIM: Transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar on Friday assured the Goa legislative assembly that the government will build an \"ultra modern\" bus stand at Margao \"on priority, considering the congestion at the existing Margao bus stand.\"Dhavalikar's assurance came in a written response to a starred question by Margao Congress MLA and former chief minister Digambar Kamat. Admitting that the existing KTC bus stand was a temporary arrangement made many years ago and that the same is causing lot of hardships to people, Dhavalikar stated that \"finalization of plan for an ultra modern bus terminus in Margao city is under process through the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC).\"Dhavalikar said that GSIDC has appointed Rajiv Khanna and associates private limited, partners John Mcaslan and partners Mace International as consultants for the project. The estimate is not yet prepared and pre-tender activities are in progress, Dhavalikar said.The minister also revealed that 32,044 sq m of land for the transport department and 34,518 sq m for the Kadamba transport corporation is already acquired and 2,438 sq m of additional area is under acquisition. For this, Section 6 notification is issued for acquisition for the proposed Margao bus stand, Dhavalikar stated.Digambar Kamat stressed that the government should undertake the project expeditiously on an annuity basis and not through private participation. He said that the area of the present bus stand is 60,000 sq m of prime land and if the government builds the bus stand, the commercial activity on it will ensure that the KTC never has to take loans again. The single bus stand will make the KTC a self-sustaining corporation, Kamat said.In response, Dhavalikar said that the consultants will prepare a financial viability report after which the GSIDC will undertake the construction of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "14870615", "title": "Headmaster warned not to beat up students", "text": "BALASORE: The managing committee of Manglmata Upper Primary school in Balasore district warned the headmaster of the institution, who was accused of thrashing a student, not to commit the act again as corporal punishment is banned by the government in schools.The committee discussed the allegation made by the student's parent in a meeting on Friday. The matter was resolved amicably after the victim's father and the headmaster were counseled by villagers and committee members.On Thursday, Sk Kalimuddin, father of a 10-year-old student of the school in Jaleswar area, had lodged a police complaint alleging that his son Sk Ansar was beaten up mercilessly on July 9 by the school headmaster Rabindra Dalai for quarreling with his friends.Kalimuddin said he resorted to lodging a police complaint after the school managing committee and DI of schools of Jaleswar did not pay heed to his repeated requests to take the erring teacher to task.\"The matter has been resolved amicably after the teacher admitted his mistake. We have warned the teacher not to thrash any student so harshly,\" said investigating police officer B M Rout.Kalimuddin confirmed the teacher admitted his mistake. \"I have also asked my son to behave properly in school,\" he added.The police officer said the block development officer, however, will inquire into another allegation against the headmaster of misappropriating funds meant for students' uniform and mid-day meal scheme, as mentioned in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14873925", "title": "Derailment disrupts train movement", "text": "VARANASI: Derailment of 26 coal-laden wagons of a goods train near Bhabua railway station in Kaimur district in Bihar on Thursday night disrupted the train movement on the busy Howrah-New Delhi route.\"The movement of all passenger and mail trains had been affected on this route due to derailment. We are trying to restore train traffic through loop line as soon as possible,\" additional divisional railway manager of Mughalsarai division of East Central Railway (ECR) Ramesh Chandra said while talking with TOI over phone on Friday. It seems that the derailment occurred due to fault in the rail tracks. The exact reason will come out only after investigation. The restoration work was in full swing.The derailment took place on Gaya-Mughalsarai section of the ECR. The train was heading to Mughalsarai from Dhanbad. All the passenger trains were being diverted to different routes. Trains like Howrah Rajdhani Express, Bhubaneswar Rajdhani Express, Sealdah Rajdhani Express and Jammu Tawi Mail were diverted to Gaya-Patna route. Other trains were diverted to Gomo-Barka-Chunar route and Jhaja-Patna-Mughalsarai route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871318", "title": "Cop threatened to open fire in Metro, arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi Police constable allegedly created ruckus in a Metro train and caused panic among the passengers on Friday evening.The man, identified as Satender S Maan, is with the special branch. He boarded a train at Kashmere Gate Metro station and was allowed to carry his sidearm as he said he was on CISF duty. During the journey, Maan apparently realized that his pocket had been picked and immediately raised a hue and cry. Commuters alleged that he brandished his weapon and threatened to shoot if the thief didn't own up.CISF personnel later took Maan off the train at Seelampur and handed him over to Delhi Metro Rail police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870507", "title": "Dongargaon toll suspended till HC verdict", "text": "NAGPUR: Motorists travelling on Wardha Road have got temporary respite from paying toll tax. The Oriental Nagpur Bypass Construction Private Limited on Friday gave an undertaking to the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court that no toll will be collected from commuters at its booth at Dongargaon till the verdict on the petition filed against them. Last week, the court had reserved the case for judgment after hearing both sides.In October 2011, the court had granted interim stay on toll collection on National Highway (NH-7) in response to a petition filed by Butibori Manufacturers' Association. A division bench comprising justices Sharad Bobde and MN Gilani had also served notices to chairman, project director and chief general manager of National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), and to Oriental company, which constructed the booth.The NHAI had, on October 5, 2009, entered into a pact with Oriental Company to construct a bypass for NH-7 from Khawasa border to Nagpur intersection at 14.58km from Zero Mile. According to the petitioner, Oriental cannot collect any tax at the Dongargaon booth from vehicles not using the bypass constructed by the company.(Inputs by Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14874828", "title": "Transparency key to growth, say MP businessmen", "text": "INDORE: Following the reported statement by Tata group chairman Ratan Tata that he couldn't maintain transparency in his company internally, corporate houses, having their concerns in the state, feel that maintaining transparency at corporate level always help grow business. If the company is transparent, it will attract more investors and keep all the stakeholders in good mood.Indore-based EWPL, a company, which is into the retail, residential and shopping mall space, had started its journey with a paltry Rs 5 lakh working capital and in a decade, it became a firm with Rs 1,000 cr turnover now.As part of its ongoing transparency exercise, the company has stopped all kinds of 'lucrative offers' to its customers since February last year. Arif Sheikh, CEO and executive director, EWPL, said, \"We believe that transparency can be brought by following three principles - whistleblower, dying of secrecy and above all, making the customers as working partners. Again, I believe that transparency means putting all the pertinent information on the site.\" He added that it was his belief that every time, it was not possible for large corporates to maintain transparency for obvious reasons. \"For example, sometimes shareholders' data have to be deliberately kept secret.\"Welspun Energy is a Rs 15,000-cr company, which has its plan to invest Rs 13,00 crore in setting up solar energy plants in state through a combination of debt (75%) and equity. Vineet Mittal, managing director, Welspun Energy, says, \"I believe that for corporates, it is a cultured approach. Also, it is a continuous process as it can't be done in a single day. There are several ways of bringing in transparency in the organisation. You've to demonstrate value-added system from the top and kids have to look at you.\"Anik Industries , a Rs 14,000-crore listed company, has been following transparency system and yet it has been able to achieve a business growth of 30% per annum. Manish Shahra, joint managing director, Anik Industries, says, \"Though all the corporate houses have adopted the system, sometimes it is not clear. In fact, transparency is your own feeling. If your company is transparent, all the stakeholders will feel happy and investors will also come forward to put in their money. In my company's case, we have been registering 30% of business growth every year, despite following all the required transparency norms at our company.\"Sayaji group of hotels claims that it has seen its business growing by 20% every year by following transparency norms. Sajid Dhanani, managing director of Sayaji group of hotels, says, \"Transparency is very important as it comprises one of the core values. It builds credibility among your customers, guests and staff. Moreover, it helps, though indirectly, grow your company's business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14871333", "title": "Bahadurgarh Metro on fast track: Hooda", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Friday claimed that the Bahadurgarh-Mundka Metro link has been put on fast-track.Hooda was speaking at the 26th meeting of the northern zonal council in Delhi. The meeting was presided over by Union home minister P Chidambaram. The CM said the extension of Delhi Metro from Mundka in Delhi to City Park at Bahadurgarh in Haryana is being taken up by the state government. The total length of the metro corridor is 11.182 kms.According to Hooda, 4.9 km of the total length falls in Haryana and 6.3 falls in Delhi. Hooda said that as per the updated DPR, the total cost of Haryana portion is estimated at Rs 902 crore and the state will be sharing the shortfall, if any, up to Rs. 152 crore.For the ambitious project the state government has pledged to provide 10 hectare of land for development of the depot in Bahadurgarh as a component of property development.During the meeting, Hooda also asked the central government to expedite the project. Hooda also said that the work on Faridabad metro section has started and it is expected to become operational by August, 2014. On the construction of 135 km long Western Peripheral Expressway, also known as the Kundli-Manesar-Palwal (KMP) Expressway Project, Hooda said: \"We have been monitoring the progress and pursuing the matter with the Concessionaire to expedite the project. The Manesar Palwal section is expected to be ready in the next three-four months.\"While referring to the Regional Rapid Transit System (RRTS) links, Hooda said that the \"Functional Plan on Urban Transport for NCR\" prepared by the National Capital Region Planning Board (NCRPB) has identified eight RRTS corridors, out of which three corridors are being developed on priority basis.Hooda also said that two of these corridors pass through Haryana, namely, Delhi-Gurgaon-Rewari-Alwar (180 kms) and Delhi-Sonipat-Panipat (111kms). The alignment of both these corridors has been approved 'in-principle' by the Government of India as also the Government of Haryana. These projects are highly capital intensive and should be taken up as National Projects. The alignments as already approved by the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14878733", "title": "Revenue collection up in first quarter", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on Thursday convened a meeting of revenue collecting departments to review tax collection by them in the first quarter (April-June) of the current financial year. Modi expressed satisfaction over the revenue collection during the period.The meeting noted the revenue collection by registration department has grown by 54%; commercial taxes by 26.42%; transport department by 21.80% and excise and prohibition department by 14.13 % compared to the corresponding period in 2011.Officials of the registration department informed Modi that till June 2012, the revenue collection of the department was to the tune of Rs 472.33 crore. He was told that franking machines have been installed at 33 out of 35 district courts, while works were on to install the machine at Bhagalpur and Supaul. Modi directed the IG (registration) to visit states like Haryana, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh to study the best practices of registration management practised in those states so that the existing practices could be improved in Bihar.Revenue collection by the transport department till June 2012 was Rs 150.68 crore.Modi was informed that in the first quarter of current financial year, 77060 new vehicles were sold, which was 11.29 % more than the vehicles sold during the corresponding period last year.However, sale of two-wheelers and cars registered negative growth during the period while sale of trucks (55.83%), three-wheelers (37.21%), tractors (20%), bus (9.19%), taxi (101%) and jeep (9.51%) showed remarkable growth. Department's principal secretary said arrangement for online payment of tax has been made through SBI while the department is working on extending the facility through other banks as well.Revenue collection of the commercial taxes department till June 2012 was Rs 1,589.42 crore. It was found that revenue collection on the sale of petroleum products had increased by just 1.43%. Modi, while expressing his concern over the low increase, directed the officials concerned to make an in-depth study to correct the imbalance. Excise and prohibition department collected Rs 435.73 crore during the first quarter of 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "14872091", "title": "Govt sanctions 38 new colleges in Gadchiroli", "text": "GADCHIROLI: Despite it being a backward district under the shadow of Naxal activities, Maharashtra government has sanctioned 38 new colleges for Gadchiroli in the present academic year to boost education here.The increased number of colleges would certainly benefit students of this backward district and prove useful in catering to their academic needs, said Dr Vijay Ainchwar, vice chancellor of Gondwana University, under whose jurisdiction these colleges will function.Emphasis is being given to quality education in these colleges and there would be no compromise, the VC said, adding that with the government's move, the number of colleges in the university has risen to 215 and all have started functioning from the current academic session.The one-year-old Gondwana University aims to come up as one of the best in the country and necessary steps have already been taken in that direction, he said. New courses based on natural resources and tribal culture are also being drafted and will be introduced shortly, he mentioned.The varsity recently conducted an online entrance examination for PhD courses and got a tremendous response from students, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14870715", "title": "Gujarati Muslim gave Rs 1 crore to Netaji", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While Gujarati businessmen donated generously for Mahatma Gandhi's non-violent freedom struggle, there were some who helped Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose's Indian National Army.A businessman from Dhoraji town of Saurashtra, Memon Abdul Habeeb Yusuf Marfani, donated almost his entire fortune of Rs 1 crore to the Indian National Army, a princely sum in those days.The Memon family was settled in Rangoon. On July 9, 1944, when Netaji founded INA in Rangoon, Marfani was the first to come forward to contribute financially to the Azad Hind Bank. Soon, the coffer swelled with contributions from Indian expats in Rangoon and Singapore .Historian Yunus Chitalwala says Marfani was among the first donors and Netaji expressed his gratitude by awarding him a Sevak-e-Hind medal. He was the first recipient of this award.Marfani's gesture has been documented in various history books. Historian Raj Mal Kasliwal in his book 'Netaji, Azad Hind Fauz and After' says, \"One Muslim Burmese business magnate of Rangoon donated a crore worth of cash and jewellery and offered his services to the Independence movement.\" After he emptied a plate full of jewellery and placed a bundle of title deeds before Bose, the leader praised the gesture saying, \"Brothers! I am very happy today that people have started realizing their duties... People are ready to sacrifice everything. What Habeeb sheth has done is commendable and those who emulate him in serving the homeland are really praiseworthy.\"Marfani is not the only Gujarati Muslim to have contributed to INA. Surat's Ghulam Husein Mushtaq Randeri was the recruiting officer for the army. During the recent celebration of Bose's birth centenary, Marfani's grandson Yacoob Habeeb was felicitated in New Delhi for his ancestor's action. However, these references were missing from chief minister Narendra Modi's speech on the occasion last week, when he donned the INA cap and tried hard to establish the Gujarat connection with Bose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14870160", "title": "Northeast outraged at girl harassment", "text": "GUWAHATI: Considered one of the safest places for women in the country, the northeast has reacted sharply to the Guwahati molestation case. People in the region, including civil society groups, women activists and individuals, are shocked that such a crime could take place in Guwahati, the region's biggest city.In Assam , civil society groups and women activists condemned Monday's molestation of a girl in Christianbasti area of the city by a group of youths. The girl was molested on one of the busiest roads in the city while returning home from a bar.Activists of over 16 women's and social organisations will stage a protest demanding adequate security for women near Dighalipukhuri in the city on Saturday.Activist and the chairperson of North East Network, a social organization, Monisha Behal, blamed the incident on the declining value system in the Assamese society. \"The value system of the Assamese society has deteriorated. We are very sad about the incident. Had our society been able to infuse intellectual and creative thinking among those youths, perhaps the incident wouldn't have occurred. The society should reform so that such unfortunate incidents do not occur again,\" said Behal.She added that the police need to remain alert to ensure proper implementation of laws. \"We found that police reached the spot late on that night,\" Behal said.Working women and students have urged the police and the administration to provide security to women in the fast-growing city. Sukanya Mazumdar, a working woman, said, \"The Bhangagarh police station was located at a distance of hardly 2km from the spot where the girl was molested. Since no VVIP was traveling along the road where she was molested, there was no security for commuters. The girl was molested for several minutes and there was no police patrolling in the area. They did not come until some passersby informed them about the incident.\"Imphal-based women's activist Nonibala Devi felt it was the most shameful and indecent act in this civilized world. \"The culprits have not an iota of respect for women. They should be given the most fitting punishment to ensure such barbaric acts do not recur,\" she added.\"The horrendous incident in Guwahati, the 'gateway to the northeast', has caused deep anguish to the people of the region, which is otherwise known for its tradition and heritage of holding women in high esteem. It goes to demonstrate how an ancient society has been gradually degenerating into the depths of greed, lust and total anarchy,\" says Monica Lyngdoh, a college student from Shillong , the capital of Meghalaya.She added, \"The brutal TV grabs were not only shocking but also brought to light the fact that Guwahati perhaps is not only one of the most dangerous places in the northeast but also in the country as a whole for women to live freely and with dignity.\"A college student in Guwahati, Mousumi Kalita, now thinks twice before stepping out of her hostel after dark since Monday's incident. \"We often go out to buy provisions and groceries late in the evening. The molestation incident did not occur too late in the night when roads are deserted. It happened around 10pm when there were still people on the road. We are very worried about our security in Guwahati now.\"Rukshar Chawdhari, president of the All Manipur Muslim Girl Students' Union, said, \"We were really shocked to hear about the barbaric act and everyone should strongly condemn it. The miscreants should be given fitting punishment. Their act will instill fear in the minds of women and the parents of daughters about being out in the streets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14887918", "title": "iGate's Q2 net profit goes down by 47%", "text": "BANGALORE: iGate's net profit dropped 47.3% to $12.1 million during the second quarter ended June, compared to $24.1 million in the preceding (March) quarter. The software company's revenue increased marginally by 1.78% to $268 million in the same period.The figures provide further evidence that the IT sector is slowing dramatically and that the impact on mid-size and smaller companies will likely be even more than that on the top-tier ones. TCS's dollar revenue and net income in the June quarter rose 3% each compared to the preceding quarter; Infosys's dollar revenue fell 1.1% and net profit fell 10.2%.iGate CEO Phaneesh Murthy said the profit decline was on account of salary increase and abnormally high visa costs. These reduced the company's gross margin to 37.4% from 40.2% in the March quarter. \"We announced a 10% salary increase in April, which hit our margins by 2.4 percentage points. We also had a forex loss of $17 million on account of hedging. The visa cost is a one-time event. We expect margins to improve going forward,\" he said.Murthy expressed happiness that revenue was increasing again. The March quarter revenues were slightly lower than the preceding December quarter revenues. He was also pleased with the \"pedigree of the new clients\" the company had added in the quarter, with 7 of the 17 being Fortune 1000 companies. He said this showed the increased acceptance of iGate's differentiated outcomes-based proposition, where the company works with the customer to make the projects it undertakes successful, and where its revenues depend on the success of the projects.Murthy said iGate was chasing two big accounts in the banking and insurance segments. He said the banking and finance segment, one of the worst hit in the global slowdown, was still seeing IT spending in regulatory work, compliance and risk management. \"The spends may not be robust, but there is enough spending happening,\" he said. iGate gets a large proportion of revenues from this sector, as also the healthcare vertical.Murthy said the company had seen no signs of business in Europe over the last 6 months. Europe contributes 13% to the company's revenues. He said the anti-outsourcing rhetoric in the US was a bit of a concern, but expressed confidence that IT spending would pick up.iGate had acquired Mumbai-based Patni Computer last year, and the combined entity has an annualised run rate of $1 billion in revenue. iGate is headquartered in the US, but has most of its delivery operations in India.The company, which ended the June quarter with 27,417 employees, had planned to hire 3,000 people this calendar year. But it has hired only 500 people in the first two quarters. It has also deferred the joining dates of some freshers by a quarter. \"We will evaluate our hiring strategy based on the demand pick up,\" Murthy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14872626", "title": "RTC official held for issuing fake bus passes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Friday nabbed three persons for allegedly issuing fake APSRTC bus passes.Police said Batla Janardhan, an APSRTC checking inspector of the regional enforcement squad, Secunderabad, found during inspection at Narapally near Ghatkesar a passenger, B Prasad, travelling with a fake bus pass.The passenger was also found carrying a fake identify card of a college. When grilled by the squad official, Prasad disclosed that he had got the bus pass issued by Pasham Ganesh, manager at the Uppal bus pass counter. Police also arrested one P Kumara Swamy who bought a bus pass from the accused. Police said that the manager issued 100 bus passes till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870692", "title": "Rs 400cr deal to be inked for Prabhadevi office", "text": "MUMBAI: Two years after Lower Parel witnessed the biggest office space deal, the central business district is all set to witness another big transaction. Sheth Developers is learned to have sold close to 1.7 lakh sq ft office space spread over three floors in its eight-storey office building Cnergy at Prabhadevi to J M Financial, an integrated financial group, for about Rs 400 crore, or about Rs 23,500 a sq ft.The deal, slated to be inked by the month-end, is part of plans by J M Financial to consolidate its group offices like real estate and mutual fund under one roof.In 2010, Bombay Dyeing had sold about 4 lakh sq ft of office space to Axis Bank to set up its headquarters for Rs 640 crore. This translated to nearly Rs 16,000 a sq ft.While J M Financial declined to comment, Vallabh Sheth, director of Sheth Developers, said they were interested only in leasing the property and not selling it on an outright basis.Property analysts believe the deal spells good news for developers, especially in Lower Parel.\"After the global economic recession in 2009, many corporates and multinationals had embarked on a consolidation spree. This cost-saving measure had led to a sluggish demand for office space. Builders were starting to worry as rentals had come under pressure due to a significant supply of office space in the Worli-Lower Parel-Prabhadevi belt,'' said a property analyst.Developers say the demand for office space has not been a bright spot, but transactions had started to pick up as already fallen rates are relatively attractive.\"Rates may not drop any further, but for any upside in rentals, we may have to wait for two years,'' said a developer. Sheth, meanwhile, has leased out around 30% of the 4 lakh sq ft office space in Cnergy and had decided to sell the rest on an outright basis after trying to lease it further for more than a year.But, sources say after the J M Financial deal, Sheth has changed his mind against selling it outright. Australian bank ANZ, the current tenant in Cnergy, occupies the sixth floor and half of the ground floor. It took on lease around 50,000 sq ft of space for over Rs 300 a sq ft in 2010.Brokers say rentals in this building are around Rs 200 per sq ft a month. The building has a basement, ground floor and eight floors of offices with multi-level car parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14870319", "title": "Kid, dad run over by local train", "text": "THANE: A man and his 9-year-old daughter were run over while trying to cross the tracks at Vithalwadi station on Friday.Mohan Yelande (35) was headed for his in-laws' residence in Vangani along with his daughter, Nisha, the Kalyan GRP said.Mohan saw a Karjat-bound train pull into the station around 5.20pm, since he did not want to miss it, he picked up Nisha and decided to cross the tracks.\"The victims did not spot a train heading towards CST on the other side and got crushed under its wheels,\" said a senior GRP official.According to the police, Mohan lived in near Ulhasnagar court and was employed with a private firm. \"Mohan was estranged from his wife, Sangeeta, who lived with her parents in Vangani. Mohan was taking Nisha to meet her mother,\" said a GRP official. After the mishap, the victims were taken to Central hospital in Ulhasnagar.Central Railway officials said the mishap did not affect train services. \"Most commuters prefer to enter from an opening in the boundary wall to save time, instead of using the foot-overbridge at Vithalwadi station,\" said local resident Ram Pandey.The Kalyan GRP has registered an accidental death case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14872292", "title": "\u2018Housing Act will lead to endless court battles\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The select members' committee has justified the tough sanctions against errant builders in the amended housing regulatory Bill, saying \"there was a provision made in the Maharashtra Ownership Flats Act (MOFA, 1963) to award punishment of three years imprisonment. Hence, there is no objection to making a provision in this Act as well''.Apart from safeguarding open spaces (barred from being used as parking lots), the other important amendment is that the developer cannot make any alteration to a flat once it is sold without the purchaser's consent and no floor or wing can be added to a building without their consent. Similarly, an amenity promised such as a garden cannot be altered. Also, if a developer fails to give possession of a flat within the promised period or abandons a project, he will not only have to refund the amount with 15% interest, but also have to pay a penalty. A flat purchaser can demand rectification of any defect within five years of the purchase.The Bill, along with the recommendations, will be reintroduced in the legislative assembly on Monday. Sachin Ahir, minister of state for housing, said the government had made a sincere attempt to correct the system. \"We have worked very hard to bring a housing regulatory authority. Since legislators from all parties were members of the joint select committee, the Bill with the recommended changes should not face any opposition.\"Activist Krishnaraj Rao, though, warned that the imprisonment clause would make the authority and tribunal ineffective. \"The problem with MOFA was that everything had to go to court. Did anybody ask how many builders were imprisoned? The tribunal is a quasi-judicial body and cannot hand out imprisonment. So invariably the matter will go to court. It will not be a prompt system,'' he said.Rao said since the quantum of penalty to be paid for not fulfilling a promise has not been defined, this too would lead to disputes and ultimately end up in court. \"There is a lack of vision. Once a matter goes to court one can only imagine the number of years it will take for a decision. The builder will be under no obligation to pay till the court gives its verdict. It will be a very costly affair for the consumer,'' he said.Lawyer and activist Y P Singh said non-compliance of MOFA provisions invites three years imprisonment which is a cognizable and non-bailable offence under the Criminal Procedure Code. \"This is to ensure that the police use their powers of arrest and raid to gather evidence. Under the new recommendations, the imprisonment is for non-compliance of the tribunal orders, which means contempt of the orders. So there will be no investigation. It serves no purpose rather makes the process very expensive.\"Singh said this should be an additional remedy and not replace the existing provision as otherwise \"the fear of law will become less\". Devendra Phadanvis, a BJP legislator who was an invitee to the committee, said while they were apprehensive about the imprisonment clause, the minister has assured them the government would monitor the implementation of the law for a year and then suo motu bring in amendments. The quantum of penalty, he said, would be defined in the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14872080", "title": "Authority to fill up pits, caved-in roads", "text": "NOIDA: With fresh cave-ins being reported on new roads and instances of waterlogging causing havoc to traffic in the city following the recent showers, the Noida Authority has finally taken action to address the problem.A detailed inspection was conducted across the city on Friday to identify all such spots and fix them immediately. The Authority has also issued notices to agencies, including IGL and Reliance that have carried on digging work across the city but have failed to cover the pits and repair the roads.A team headed by the Noida Authority administrative officer, Rajesh Prakash, went around the city to identify and make a list of all complaints of waterlogging, dug-up roads and pits and cave-ins, and damaged arterial and sector roads.\"The inspection began around 8.30am and we went around various sectors to identify problems. The recent rains have resulted in waterlogging on Master Plan Road-II. The road near the Center Stage Mall is waterlogged and is causing major traffic snarls. Our staff found out that the waterlogging was caused as the bell mouth of the drain was closed as something had got stuck,\" an Authority official said. \"In Sectors 17 and 18, agencies like IGL and Reliance have carried out digging work for laying pipelines and underground telephone cables and have not covered the area after completion of work. While this has caused waterlogging, these pits are also dangerous for pedestrians as well as vehicles,\" he said. \"Notices have been served to the two agencies besides many other private contractors for carrying out digging work across the city and not covering it up after completion,\" he added.\"We have directed the heads of all the 10 work circles to address the problems in their respective jurisdiction immediately to minimize trouble to residents,\" the official added.The Authority has also served notices to several private contracting agencies for disposing of the construction waste on sidewalks and pavements in many areas in the city. It has directed its own staff to get rid of all encroachments and waste dumped on the roads and sidewalks to avoid traffic snarls. All damaged roads, including the sector roads, will also be repaired and re-carpeted soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14873926", "title": "Tribal Act gets booster shot in South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa district administration has geared up to implement the Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act 2006, passed by Parliament.On Friday, district collector N D Agarwal convened a meeting of sarpanchas, panchayat secretaries, mamlatdars and BDOs from the tribal-dominated talukas of Quepem, Sanguem, Canacona and Dharbandora. The officials were told that as a first step towards the Act's implementation, a forest rights committee has to be constituted by the gram sabha of every village. The committee is tasked with inviting claims from tribals.\"While gram sabhas will be held on July 22 by panchayats in the four talukas, all claims will have to be submitted to the committees within three months,\" Agarwal said.The committees will verify the claims and prepare a map delineating the area of each claim indicating recognizable landmarks. A second gram sabha will then be held after three months to approve the claims and these will be submitted to the sub-divisional committee headed by the SDO.\"The biggest challenge for the panchayats will be to ensure maximum attendance at these gram sabhas, as 2/3rds of the adult population has to be present. We have told sarpanchas to motivate the people to come for the gram sabhas,\" Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14873059", "title": "Flesh trade rackets busted, 4 held", "text": "CHENNAI: Anti-vice squad sleuths on Thursday arrested two women, including a junior artist, for running a prostitution racket at a house in K K Nagar. Police also rescued two women who were forced into prostitution.Acting on a tip-off, police deployed a decoy who contacted the pimps - 34-year-old Sri Devi, a junior artist from K K Nagar, and Cerlin, 30, of Kolathur - over phone. They struck a deal for 5000 and subsequently caught hold of them when they went to the house in K K Nagar and rescued the two victims.In another raid, police arrested Periasamy, 27, of Trichy and Justin, 31, of Kerala who were running a flesh trade at a massage parlour in Anna Nagar East. Police also rescued four women hailing fr8om Andhra Pradesh, Kolkata and Bengaluru. The accused we8r8e remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14873838", "title": "PMC to reward the cleanest wards", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has sent notices to about 4.5 lakh people for not segregating waste.\"The wet and dry garbage should be segregated at source so that it can be processed easily. But despite repeated instructions, many people are not doing so. Hence, the PMC sent them notices,\" said municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak at a public meeting held on Friday in the backdrop of a special cleanliness drive.The notices have been sent to residential and commercial establishments, including hotels and shops.Head of the solid waste management department Suresh Jagtap said that a network of waste pickers was used to identify the violators. \"Waste pickers were asked to report about societies where garbage is not segregated. Using this data our officials went to localities to identify people. The PMC is planning to take strict action, which includes not collecting their garbage from the house or imposing fine on them,\" said Jagtap.Pathak said that special funds are likely to be set aside for wards to promote and successfully run the zero-garbage scheme.The solid waste management department has started a competition to identify the cleanest ward. Parameters like cleanliness on roads and maintenance of drainage system will be taken into consideration while giving the rankings to wards. The best 15 wards will be shortlisted and special funds will be allotted to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14873567", "title": "What action should be taken against private vehicles for violating safety norms when transporting school kids?", "text": "Penalising taxi drivers will not entirely solve the problem. It is the parents who should resolve the problem with help from government or school authorities. Some times parents allow their kids to travel in over-crowded taxis due to financial reasons, which endangers the lives of students. The government should therefore provide school buses to take the students to and from schools by following all traffic safety rules. If this is not possible then the parents and the school authorities with help from government should hire private taxis but make sure they follow traffic rules.Shrinivas Nayakchartered accountant, Dona PaulaStringent disciplinary measures should be taken by the RTO authorities if drivers ferrying school children violate any traffic rules. Apart from suspending and cancelling the licence, the driver should be debarred from driving for a certain period of time. More importantly, parents, school authorities and government should join hands to make sure that students are ferried to school and back home in vehicles that are road worthy and drivers who will take care of the students apart from being safe drivers.Helen Fernandezretd teacher, SiolimOver the last so many years we have been hearing about accidents taking place because of violations of traffic rules by those involved in ferrying students to school. This problem has to be resolved by taking action under the law. Apart from overcrowding and overspeeding, rash driving also causes many accidents. Certain vehicles are so overcrowded, that where five kids can be accommodated 20 students are packed like sardines. It is the duty of parents to make sure that their children are taken by vehicles under safe conditions. Besides this, action under the law should also be taken against public buses which are used by students, for violating safety norms.Vishwanath Swarlecturer, MargaoThe best way to ensure that private vehicles comply with rules is to confiscate the driver's licence when he breaks rules. It has been noticed that measures such as fines do not work. This is obvious from the number of traffic violations that take place on a daily basis. However, with the fear of licences being confiscated and subsequently their daily earnings being affected, the drivers may adhere to the regulations.Joyce Diaswriter, Raia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14891339", "title": "11 sets for Allari Naresh\u2019s new movie", "text": "'Comedy King' Allari Naresh's new movie is currently progressing briskly at Ramoji Film City. The socio-fantasy film, which is set in the Yamapuri story backdrop, is directed by E Satti Babu and produced by Chanti Addala under Friendly Movies banner.The film unit has erected 11 huge sets including a Yama Darbar and Brindavanam set in the film city to shoot scenes on the lead cast. Allari Naresh will be seen in a character that traps Yama's daughter in love with him whilst sending Yama into tizzy. Apprently, the comedy tracks involving Allari Naresh and Shayaji Shinde are said to be one of the highlights of the film.Earlier, Allari Naresh and Satti Babu have teamed up for 'Betting Bangarraju' which has become a moderate success at box-office. The rib tickling entertainer has Richa Panai playing the female lead while yesteryear actress Ramya Krishna will be seen in a vital role. Kiran Kumar of 'Sri Rama Rajyam' fame has been roped in as art director of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14876553", "title": "CPM ready to defend 'innocent party leaders'", "text": "KANNUR: With speculations gaining ground that CPM Kannur district secretary P Jayarajan would be listed as an accused in the murder of Muslim Youth League worker Abdul Shukkoor of Ariyil on February 20, and also the special investigation team probing the murder of RMP leader Chandrasekharan is likely to question him, the party has given instruction to the cadres to get ready to \"resist the police plan to implicate innocent party leaders\".According to a party insider, they have been asked to be vigilant considering the gravity of the situation.\"We have been asked to express our opposition strongly, and also prepare the party workers to actively take part in the protests if the district level leaders are arrested,\" said an area level leader of the CPM from Payyannur on conditions of anonymity. He also said this instruction had been passed to the area level leaders from the district committee.The CPM leadership had expected the arrest of P Jayarajan on July 9, when he was questioned for the second time in Shukkoor murder case. However, the party's observation is that the police did not arrest him because the assembly was in session.But, since the fingers are apparently pointing towards the CPM leadership in conspiring the murder of T P Chandrasekharan, the possibility of Jayarajan being questioned cannot be ruled out, and if that happens the party workers should 'react', is what the party has instructed.The party has given such an instruction because of the general feeling that the party workers are not convinced of the claim that the party's hands are clean in TP murder case, and hence many of them did not come up to protest when the party leaders were arrested in connection with the case.However, anticipating the law and order problem, the police have prepared themselves to face the situation and effectively control it.According to a source in the SIT probing Shukkoor murder, they have got the evidence to prove his role in the murder of the MYL worker. According tothem, he could be arrested under Sections 118 (concealing design to commit offence) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC, but considering the gravity of the situation, they are weighing all aspects before taking a decision in this regard, and in all possibility he is likely to be questioned for the third time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14877628", "title": "Limit vehicles in Kanha to 55: Tiger conservation authority", "text": "BHOPAL: The national tiger conservation authority (NTCA) has recommended that the number of tourist vehicles entering the Kanha National Park be restricted to 55 per day, one-fourth of its present number. Presently about 150 vehicles enter the national park, a study by the authority suggests.The NTCA study comes at a time when the issue of phasing out tourism activities from the core areas to the buffer zones in the country's national parks is being debated in the Supreme Court. The study suggested that about 150 vehicles that ply every day carry a large number of tourists inside the national park that impacts the wildlife and its habitat.It assumes significance as it explains the impact of tourism in the popular wildlife tourism destinations like Kanha tiger reserve, NTCA sources said. The study include illustrative calculation used by the authority for computing the carrying capacity of tiger reserve in the context of vehicular traffic.The Kanha study, one of its kind, was carried out with reference to the disturbance created by the tourists to the tiger habitat, the highly endangered central Indian barasingha, only found in Kanha in the world, and the spotted deer, though found in abundance in Kanha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870625", "title": "Octroi administration fee hike opposed", "text": "NAGPUR: A delegation of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association (VTA), led by its president, JP Sharma, on Friday called on mayor, Anil Sole, and submitted a memorandum pertaining to Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) decision to double the administrative fees on Octroi from Rs5 to Rs10 per slip, and other issues related to corporation house tax.With a view to recover expenditure made for computerization of the octroi department, the NMC had recently increased the administrative fee on Octroi from Rs5 to Rs10 per slip. However, traders have opposed the 100 per cent hike.VTA President Sharma said NMC had introduced administrative fees of Rs5 per slip on Octroi during the tenure of the then municipal commissioner, Aseem Gupta. \"The traders had strongly objected to this move even then. However, Aseem Gupta had pleaded that it was done due to introduction of computers at Octroi posts along with online payment system and software. He had categorically said that this fee would be never increased,\" Sharma told Sole.\"However, recently, NMC doubled this administrative fee, which cannot be justified on any grounds. This hike should be withdrawn and at the most 10 per cent may be increased taking into consideration the rising costs, inflation, etc,\" Sharma urged. Sole assured to discuss this issue with the civic administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14872554", "title": "Four, including juvenile, held for AIADMK woman's murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Four people, including a woman and juvenile maid, have been arrested for the July 9 murder of an AIADMK women's wing member in her house in Taramani, police said on Friday.The juvenile was asked to serve the deceased a soft drink that allegedly had cyanide. A sum of Rs 87,000, some cyanide and two watches were recovered from the accused, police said.After P Banumathi (50) was found dead by her husband Pasupathi, an MTC employee, police registered a case and began investigations.During questioning, some neighbours told police about seeing the girl come to the house before the murder. Soon the girl was nabbed and with here help the others - G Bala alias Balaji (27) of Malligaipoo colony, Vysarpadi, P Dinesh (27) of Desika Nagar and U Bhavani (28) of Muthamzhil Nagar, Tondiarpet - were arrested.The girl told police she had worked as a domestic help in Banumathi's house a couple of years ago and was reportedly unhappy with the meagre salary paid.She said she had blurted this out to Bhavani, whom she knew through a common friend. Bhavani then hatched a plan to loot Banumathy and took the help of the girl.Accordingly, on Monday, the girl came to Banumathy's house with Bala and Dinesh whom she introduced as her relatives. Bhavani stood at the street corner waiting for them, police said. Earlier, Bala and Dinesh had bought soft drinks from a nearby shop.Once inside, they mixed the cyanide that they had got from a woman of Vyasarpadi in the soft drink and gave it to Banumathy.\"Banumathy who stopped after a few sips was made to lie down on a sofa by the two men and forced to gulp the rest. As soon as she swooned, they escaped with the valuables,\" said an investigating officer.Later they shared the Rs three lakh they got after selling the gold jewellery stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14876090", "title": "MJP to organize Keshubhai's birthday in city", "text": "SURAT: Mahagujarat Janta Party (MJP) has started preparations to ensure that former chief minister Keshubhai Patel's birthday celebration on July 24 is a success in the city. For now, MJP is facing problems in booking a venue for the event in Varachha area. Hence, MJP leader Gordhan Zadaphia is camping here to gather support for the event.\"The situation in the state at present is similar to the one prevailing at the time of emergency in 1975. We are organizing the event to help people come out of the fear psychosis and also felicitate Keshubhai, a kind-hearted ruler,\" Zadaphia said.Announcement of Keshubhai's birthday celebration has created panic in the BJP camp. Chief minister Narendra Modi is keeping an eye on the development and wants to ensure that it does not have any negative fallout on his party's prospects in the forthcoming assembly elections. Modi had recently attended a marriage function in the family of a diamond industrialist, who is considered to be close to Keshubhai. He had also visited the house of a Patel businessman and community leader in the city. This is being seen as a major achievement for him.Meanwhile, Zadaphia has clarified that Keshubhai and Kashiram Rana , though with them, are not part of MJP. \"They are still with BJP. Further decision on them will be taken by the party when the time comes. We are organizing Keshubhai's birthday celebration to honour him,\" Zadaphia said. He said Keshubhai will lead their campaign for a change in state leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14875508", "title": "Two Nashik boys to attend NCA camp", "text": "NASHIK: Two Nashik boys have been selected for the national cricket coaching camp to be held in Mumbai.Opening batsman Murtuza Trunkwala and middle-order batsman Abhishek Rao have been selected for the All India cricket coaching camp to be held at the Bandra-Kurla Complex from July 23 to August 19. The 28-day camp is being organized by the National Cricket Academy for the U-16 players who excelled during the last season.The Bobservers and match referees who supervised the Vijay Merchant Cricket Tournament recommended the names of the playerswho impressed them with their outstanding show. The junior selection committee BCCI selected four players from Maharashtra out of them Mutuza and Abhishek are from Nashik. Both Abhishek and Mutuza have scored over 300 runs in four matches including a century and three 50-plus scores each.The BCCI and the NCA have started an academy in Mumbai at the BKC recently where junior players around the country will be looked after, informs the Nashik District Cricket Association chairman Vinod Shah. who congratulated the players and Said,\" We have a very strong base at the junior level here in Nashik. The results have just started showing,\" said Shah. I am sure in 3-4 years you will find more players from Nashik shining at the national level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14878644", "title": "You can be booked for feeding monkeys on NH-73", "text": "LUDHIANA: Be alert when you enjoy feeding a monkey on National Highway-73 stretch of Panchkula-Barwala road as plain-clothes police officers could be watching you and even shooting a video for proof.Section 144 CrPC orders were issued after the cops received repeated complaints of people feeding monkeys and blocking the traffic midway on this highway. According to sources in police, both children and adults can be booked for the act.\"People usually feed monkeys with bread and other eatables on the NH-73 which results in a lot of nuisance and heavy traffic congestion on the highway. It's risky too as people suddenly stop midway to see the animal out of fascination,\" said public relations officer (PRO) of Panchkula police department, inspector Raj Kumar.He added, \"In lieu of this nuisance, orders under Section 144 of CrPC were issued. Any person found feeding the animal will be booked. Even children who are found feeding monkeys, keeping juvenile rights in mind, too will be booked.\"There have been several cases when traffic jams have been reported because of the kids and people feeding to the animals on the highway. \"Cops in civvies will be deployed to watch people and shoot their videos for proof,\" said another officer. He added, \"Around six serious accidents have taken place in the past two months due to feeding of these animals.\"On some occasions, when PCR cops stopped people from feeding monkeys, the latter indulged in brawls on the plea that they cannot be inhuman and let poor animals starve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871629", "title": "'Most-wanted' gangster caught in Bawana after shootout with cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: A dreaded criminal wanted in 13 cases was arrested after a shootout in the Bawana area, on Thursday. Police said Sanjay Rathi, 27, is accused of murder, attempt to murder, extortion and robbery, and carried a reward of Rs 1 lakh on his head.Joint commissioner (northern range) Tajender Luthra said Rathi was arrested by the anti-auto-theft squad of the outer district police when he came to kill a person with whom he had a property dispute.He was allegedly carrying a sophisticated 9mm pistol with three live cartridges, and an empty cartridge was recovered from him.\"We had an input that he would visit Bawana to kill Rajender Singh with whom he had property dispute. After he was cornered, Rathi took out a pistol and fired at head constable Shamsher Singh but missed narrowly. Another constable, Rajeev Raghav, apprehended him while Shamsher snatched the pistol,'' said DCP (outer) BS Jaiswal.\"Rathi had spread terror in outer Delhi and Haryana. He was wanted in many heinous crimes,\" he added. The gangster attained such notoriety in a short career of just 14 months.Police said he took to arms in a property dispute with his uncle. He first attacked his uncle in mid 2011, and then fired at him again a few days later. After this, he shot seven bullets at a man he thought was a hired killer. Rathi joined and soon deserted the Shrawan gang of Haryana to form his own with more than 15 members, including sharpshooter Pawan Pandit.The gang is wanted for two murders, three carjackings and three robberies committed in the past couple of months in northwest Delhi. Of the 13 cases against Rathi's gang, seven are of car theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14875482", "title": "'Forensic engineering vital to study building collapse'", "text": "NASHIK: The two-day conference organized by the Nashik Centre of Association of Consulting Civil Engineers (India) called 'Urban infra: 2012', began on Friday with a call to usher forensic civil engineering in the country along the same lines as that that exist of that existing in USA and UK to fix accountability in building construction industry.In his presidential address, B S C Rao, National President, ACCEA (I), said, \"We still have no forensic civil engineering in the country to analyze the causes of building collapses the collapsed buildings as it is in USA and UK. In USA, there are around five national-level organizations working on the forensic civil engineering. With an aim to create awareness, we are planning to organize a national-level conference on the theme of forensic civil engineering.\"He added that in India, action is taken against the concerned builder immediately after the collapse of a building. In foreign countries like USA, forensic probes are conducted first to find out the real reasons behind the collapse and thereafter action is taken.\"A lot of changes have taken place in infrastructure in the past 20 years. Today, roads and flyovers are of better quality. But the mindset is still rooted in the past. Government machinery does not accept new technology immediatelyTill 1991, nobody knew what public private partnership (PPP) was and it was opposed initially, but it has become acceptable today,\" Rao said.Speaking on the occasion, Scot Wrighton, City Manager, Lavasa Project of the Hindustan Construction Company , said, \"Today, urbanization has speeded up in the country and people are migrating towards urban areas from the rural areas.Urbanization is around 30% in the country and it is expected to reach 50% by 2030. The central government has been investing crores of rupees in infrastructure under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNURM) which is really laudable.\"Civic chief lambastes governmental machineryThe Municipal Commissioner Sanjay Khandare on Friday said that the governmental machinery was oblivious about the changing technology and was always reluctant to accept changes.Speaking at the inaugural programme of the two-day national level conference on \"Urban Infra: 2012\", organised by Association of Consulting Civil Engineers (India), he said, Infrastructure is a major aspect of Indian economy and plays an important role in the development of the country. There need a good infrastructure not only in the city, but also in rural areas of the country.\"Today, many innovations have taken place in the technologies, but the people in government machinery are reluctant to accept new technologies. They must change their mindsets in this connection. Moreover, the people who take decisions should be capable to understand the technologies. Sustainable infrastructure, environment and technology must be incorporated. Today, change in the climate has also become a new challenge. It is not only affecting agriculture, but also industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "14871745", "title": "Girls forced to strip and clean classroom floor", "text": "HALDIA: Teachers in our state do not seem to learn their lesson easily. Despite teachers and schools being in the eye of the storm several times recently over mistreating students, yet another horror story was reported on Friday, this time from a girls' school in Haldia.Three Class VIII students of Doro Krishnanagar Banithirtha Vidyalaya in Sutahata, off Haldia, were allegedly beaten up by their headmistress and made to strip in front of their classmates on Thursday so that they could mop up with their uniforms the water they had allegedly dropped on their classroom floor.While one of the girls fell ill and is not prepared to attend school after the nightmarish ordeal, headmistress Sandhya Rani Jana was unrepentant. In her opinion, \"if students have to be educated, it is necessary to beat them up\".The incident happened while Jana was doing her rounds of the classes on Thursday. She was apparently furious to see water on the Class VIII floor. She inquired and learnt that three students were responsible for wetting the floor. She hauled them up and started thrashing them severely in front of the class. That was not all. The headmistress then made the three girls strip even as their classmates watched. The girls were then asked to mop up the water off the floor with their clothes.The ordeal made one of the girls sick. On seeing her collapse, Jana panicked and immediately sent the trio home. The ill girl's friends helped her get up, dressed her and took her home. Once home, the girl narrated her ordeal to her parents and complained of fever, body ache and a swollen right hand.Her parents came to the school on Friday and lodged a written complaint against the headmistress with the institution's managing committee. Her mother said she shuddered to even think how a woman could torture girls this way.\"My daughter doesn't want to attend school. She is too ashamed to face her classmates after having to strip in front of them. She has broken down mentally,\" she said. Jana, however, accused the parents of \"exaggerating the incident\".School managing committee secretary Tushar Maity said he had heard of the incident on Thursday evening itself. \"I received a written complaint against the headmistress from the girl's parents on Friday. A meeting will be convened soon. If the headmistress is found guilty, action will be taken against her. And all teachers will be warned to prevent such incidents. No complaint has, however, been lodged in Sutahata police station.\"State education minister Bratya Basu said he \"knew nothing about the incident\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14877115", "title": "In UK, conman plays dumb for a year to avoid prison", "text": "LONDON: In a bizarre attempt to avoid jail, a conman of Indian-origin pretended to have gone dumb for more than a year after he was caught stealing over 400,000 from a post office and arrested in Manchester. But Amritpal Mehat's efforts went in vain as he was given four-year prison term by a Manchester court.Mehat, 26, claimed to be a deeply religious person and that God had struck him dumb after he was arrested. His charade was exposed when he was ordered to go to a mental health institute while on remand and began chatting to a psychologist in Punjabi. The conversation between the 'dumb' Mehat and the psychologist was played out in the court, where the judge sentenced him to four years in jail.The conversation was revealed in the court, when the jury unanimously decided he had been 'mute by malice' rather than mute by 'visitation of God'. Mehat spoke publicly for the first time since his arrest, confirming his name and guilty plea to charges of conspiracy to steal and theft .Judge said: \"This was a wicked deception. You have had the crown jumping through forensic hoops for two years. A large number of experts were called to examine you at public expense.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14872925", "title": "CBI to probe panchayat chief's murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Three months after a two-time Dalit panchayat president was hacked to death at Thirumanam village on the city's outskirts, the Madras high court ordered a CBI probe into the murder on Friday. Two police constables have surrendered in connection with the murder.Justice S Nagamuthu, questioning the poor investigation done by the Vellavedu police in Tiruvallur district, said the CBI director should nominate a DSP-level officer to investigate the matter. S Veeran, a Puratchi Bharatham Party leader, was elected unopposed as president of Thirumanam panchayat.According to the present direction petition filed by his wife V Rathika, there was pressure on Veeran to shift his allegiance to the ruling party. She also demanded a CBI probe for impartial investigation claiming that ruling party leaders and officials were involved in the murder. Her counsel, S Prabakaran, had named an MLA and several police officials as people behind her husband's death and said that unless the case was entrusted to the CBI impartial investigation could not be ensured.On Friday, Justice Nagamuthu acceded to the plea after noticing several infirmities in the case diary furnished by the police in court. Picking holes in a status report filed by the local DSP, the judge said that though the probe has been completed no useful material had been collected against anyone, including the accused who have already been named.\"In my considered opinion, having regard to the gravity of the offence and the fact that so far the investigation conducted had not resulted in the collection of useful materials as against the real culprits, it would be in the interest of justice to transfer the investigation to the CBI,\" Justice Nagamuthu observed.Rejecting public prosecutor S Shanmugavelayutham's contention that probe could be entrusted only with the CB-CID, the judge said: \"As per the law laid down by the Supreme Court, to maintain the fairness, it would be appropriate to transfer the case to the CBI.\" He then asked the CBI to investigate the matter thoroughly and file a report uninfluenced by his observations in the order. Referring to the representations submitted to police by Rathika, he said the CBI should probe it and verify the correctness of the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14864180", "title": "It's a dream to play with guns and do stunts: Prateik", "text": "Bollywood actor Prateik Babbar says he was excited playing with guns and doing stunts in his first action movie Issaq, due to be released in two months, in which he plays a \"Banarasi boy\" in the lead role.\"It's very exciting for any young boy or man...it's a dream to play with guns and do stunts. It was very exciting for me,\" the son of late actress Smita Patil and actor-turned-politician Raj Babbar told.Based in Banaras, it's a Romeo-Juliet kind of story and he is a kind of \"killing machine\" in the film. He is a Banarasi boy who kills for a living.The 25-year-old,who made his Bollywood debute in the Amir Khan production 'Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na' in 2008 and featured in movies, including 'Dhobi Ghaat', 'Dum Maro Dum' and 'Aarakshan', was candid when asked if he expected Issaq to give his career a breakthrough.\"I am not expecting anything. It hope it does (gives me breakthrough). (But) I am not expecting it,\" said Babbar, who came across as a person who does his work and not worry too much about the results. \"For me, it's (the script) something I believed in and wanted to work on. As an actor, action is something I have never done. So I wanted to do it,\" he said.\"It's a fascinating script and story. I wanted to do it.\" Babbar also has couple of Bollywood movie offers. \"I have a couple of offers on international projects (not Hollywood ) as well.\"Dad Raj gives him acting tips. \"Yes, he just told me to follow my instincts and work on the craft,\" Prateik said. Asked what he has learnt in five years in Bollywood, Babbar Junior said: \"Hard work is the only way to success. You have to be tough, stay tough.\" His philosophy remains simple: \"Keep working. Don't expect anything. Do things close to heart, and work hard with passion and dedication. Be honest to your work and do quality work.\"Asked if he gets \"special attention\" because of his mother, Babbar said: \"I do get told about nice things about her. So it's always good to hear.\" As an actor, he wants to do all kinds of roles, 'experiencing every genre, every character as long as somewhere I feel connect,\" and is not one who likes to be typecast or has a favourite hat he always want to wear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14895135", "title": "Vasai Priest becomes Amravati Bishop", "text": "MUMBAI: Fr Elias Gonsalves (51), hailing from Vasai, has been elected as the new Bishop for the Amravati Dioceses. The announcement was made by Pope Benedict XVI in Rome on Wednesday.Fr Gonsalves who hails from Chulne village of Vasai is currently theDirector of Social Work in the Archdiocese of Bombay. After completing his schooling from Sandor in Vasai, he joined the Archdiocesan seminary of St Pius College in Goregaon in 1983.A History and Economics graduate from the Mumbai University, he majored in Social and Community Development Building from the Coady Institute, Nova Scotia in Canada.After his ordination as a priest in 1990 ,he served as assistant to several parishes in Vasai. He also served as the dean of the Raigad deanery.The seat of the Amravati Diocese has been lying vacant since November 2010, following the transfer of Bishop Daniel Lourdes to the Nasik Diocese. The Amravati diocese comprises the districts of Amravati, Akola, Buldana, Washim and Yavatmal in Maharashtra. The Diocese of Amravati, created on May 8, 1955, was formerly part of the Archdiocese of Nagpur. In 1977, some of its territory was taken for the creation of the Aurangabad Diocese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14895527", "title": "Chandigarh police is more corrupt than its revenue department", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The police department of Chandigarh administration is more corrupt than revenue department of Chandigarh administration.A reply of Right to Information (RTI) query, sought by a local resident, revels if a total 65 police personnel of police department were arrested for allegedly demanding and accepting bribes, only seven officials of the revenue department were arrested under the charges of Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act, 1988.The applicant has sought the record of during the past eight years from both the departments including police and revenue department. The reply also stated that 27 policemen out of 65 have been convicted, 15 have been acquitted by CBI trail court. Rest of the police personnel are still under trails.However, four revenue department officials were convicted, one is under trail and one has been acquitted in the absence of prosecution sanction of Chandigarh administration.The convicted revenue department officials included Ex-Patwari Narinder Kumar, junior assistant NK Gupta, Ex-senior assistant KC Gupta and Ex-Patwari Harjit Singh.The reply provided by the police department stated that department has given prosecution sanction against 58 cops, sanction against two cops is under process and the request for prosecution sanction against five policemen still to be received from CBI.The 65 police personnel, those were arrested for accepting bribe, were included the ranks of constables to Inspector ranks including one sitting Station House Officer (SHO).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14892854", "title": "Assam Women's Commission take suo motu cognisance", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam State Commission for Women has taken suo motu cognisance of the alleged stripping and molestation of a girl on Monday night outside a bar here, its chairperson Meera Barooah said on Friday.\"We will decide on our future course of action soon based on the report of the action taken by the police in the case,\" Barooah said.Education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said \"the incident is indeed very painful and is against our culture and tradition. It is something which cannot be tackled through administrative action alone. All of us have a role to play to check this menace.\"The Congress high command has also taken a serious view of the matter and a team of the Congress Mahila Morcha from New Delhi is scheduled to visit the city soon to review the matter, party sources said here.Akashitora, convenor of NGO Prithivi, criticising the local electronic media, said \"how could mediapersons continue to film the incident for nearly an hour and not come to the rescue of the girl?\"On alleged silence of womens' activists on the issue, Akashitora said \"we have been protesting since day one but it is really surprising that no MP or MLA has raised the issue at an appropriate forum so far.\"She said a protest rally would be organised on July 15. Convenor of NGO Nirjatito Nari Aikya Mancha Sumitra Hazarika said \"We are shocked at the incident. We demand immmediate arrest of all the culprits and appeal to people from all sections of society not only in Guwahati but in the rest of the state to join us to protest this shameful incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14872920", "title": "Idol smuggler to be brought to Chennai today", "text": "CHENNAI: International antique dealer Subhash Kapoor, wanted in connection with the theft of ancient idols from a temple in Ariyalur district, will be brought to Chennai on Saturday after his extradition from Germany.Kapoor, who runs an antique shop in the US, was in a Cologne prison after being detained at Frankfurt on October 30, 2011 based on an Interpol Red Corner notice. A three-member police team, comprising idol wing superintendent of police Annie Vijaya, deputy superintendent of police S Selvaraj and inspector P Udhayakumar, reached Frankfurt on July 10. They met the Cologne prison officials and showed the documents issued by the ministry of external affairs to extradite Kapoor.Kapoor was formally handed over to the team on Wednesday. Inspector-general of police (economic offences wing) S Arumugam said, \"Kapoor is now in good health. We have made arrangements for a routine medical check-up for him.\" Kapoor will be produced before a magistrate in the city and is likely to be taken to the Puzhal prison.The probe against Kapoor began in 2008 when then idol wing IG J K Tripathy received an anonymous email about the presence of many Indian idols in an antique shop in the US. Police were then probing the theft of 18 panchaloha idols from the Sri Sundareswarar and Varadarajaperumal Temple at Udayarpalayam in Ariyalur on April 13, 2008.Investigators found that Gorakhpur-born Kapoor had moved to the US more than three decades ago and set up an antique shop-cum-gallery in New York.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14870770", "title": "Boy's death: School officials on the run", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Even as local leaders, including Ghaziabad MP Rajnath Singh, made a beeline to visit four-year-old Ganesh's family and offer their condolences, the school in which the boy studied has been found to be running illegally in the area. While police have initiated a probe in the matter, the school administration officials are on the run. A case of negligence has been lodged against the Holy Mother Public School as its officials failed to keep a watch on Ganesh due to which he fell in an open drain and died.\"No one has been arrested as yet, but efforts are on to nab the culprits,\" said SO Indirapuram, Gorakhnath Yadav. The mobile phone of the school principal, Parwez, was found switched off.Uttar Pradesh Awas Vikas Parishad executive engineer, SK Srivastav, said no commercial or institutional activity is allowed in a residential area. \"Without changing land use, running a school in a residential sector is illegal,\" Srivastav said, adding that a notice has been issued to the building owner from where the school was being run. Uttar Pradesh education officer, Rajkumar Vishwakarma, said, \"The Holy Mother Public School was running illegally and the school management had not even applied for registration.\"The district education department stated that 350 school managements had moved applications for registration, but only 12 primary level schools were allowed.Education department sources say that there are over a thousand illegal schools operating in Ghaziabad, especially in EWS and MIG flats in Indirapuram and Vasundhara.Meanwhile, Ghaziabad Nagar Nigam has initiated a probe. \"Zonal officers have been informed to cover drains and manholes,\" said a senior Nagar Nigam official. \"In some areas, drains have been found emitting toxic gases and we have directed officials to barricade them,\" the official added.Now that the school has come under the scanner, the guardians of the children studying there are a worried lot. \"Nobody is giving us any information. We will just wait and watch, but now it seems an year of my son's education will get wasted,\" said Anil Singh, a parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bibipur village (jind)", "code": "14878736", "title": "Women to capture attention at this khap panchayat meet", "text": "BIBIPUR VILLAGE (JIND): Excitement and tension were palpable among the women of this village a day before a new beginning, when members of the fair sex participate in a khap mahapanchayat for the first time.\"Je mere muh te kuchh likad gaya to? (What will happen If I say something wrong during the panchayat?),\" murmured a nervous Sheela, 62.The 'women battalion' seemed tense despite the two-week intense training on how to conduct themselves at the conclave.The women gram sabha of the village has invited leaders of 360 khaps to seek their support for their campaign against female foeticide.Ritu Jaglan, a post-graduate girl from the village and the moving force behind the campaign, was busy on Friday evening, giving pep talks to the women who will be speaking at the khap mahapanchayat for the first time. Traditionally, women don't attend these meetings, but this time around five female representatives from the village will put forth their views before the panchayat, said Sunil Jaglan, sarpanch of the village.Over 200 women from the common families would also take part in the five-hour panchayat. \"I am apprehensive, if my real sentiments came out, then the elders may become upset,\" said Sheela.Then she excitedly burst out: \"I want to ask them (males) why they are ready to pay Rs 40,000 to buy a bride from a distant state, but don't want to have a daughter.\" She recalled how her grandfather turned down her request to go to school 50 years ago. Marjina, 17, whose father did not want her study beyond matriculation, pointed out that the situation is no better now.Marjina will play the role of Sheela's husband in the play, 'Beti Hai Anmol', which would be staged at the mahapanchayat. Marjina would play an orthodox male who asks his son and daughter-in-law to leave their house after they refused to abort a girl child. But, 26 years down the line, the 'unwanted' girl becomes a doctor and treats her grandmother (Sheela).\"My parents got a son after five daughters. He is two years younger to me, but keeps an eye on me in school to ensure that I don't talk to the boys of my class,\" said Marjina, who is in plus one.What's plannedThe women gram sabha will table a proposal seeking murder charges against the accused in cases of female foeticide. \"The proposal would be sent to the government for action, if the mahapanchayat gives a go-ahead,\" said village sarpanch Sunil Jaglan.The panchayat will also demand that the government make a provision for registration of all pregnant women to curb on the sex-determination tests and female foeticide. The khap panchayats may form committees to take action, including social boycott, against the guilty in female foeticide cases, Jaglan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14874080", "title": "Air-conditioned coaches of two trains gutted in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: Air-conditioned coaches of two trains caught fire at Jodhpur railway station on Friday morning. Both the trains had arrived in the morning and were being taken to the yard for washing. The railway administration of Jodhpur has constituted a three-member committed to look into the matter and asses the magnitude of loss.Both the trains were empty and had to leave for their respective destinations in the evening. Sophisticated machines and civil fire tenders doused the fire in 2-3 hours, but till then the coaches had almost turned to ashes.According to the railway authorities here, Bandra-Jodhpur bound train no. 12480 (Sooryanagari Express) had arrived on Jodhpur platform at 6.35 am. When the coaches were being taken to the yard at 8.25 am, there was smoke coming out from 3-tier coach no. 1113. The coaches were hurriedly taken to the yard, where the particular coach was detached.Before the railway staff could heave a sigh of relief, a similar incident was reported in another train about two hours later. Coach no. 07028 of New Delhi-Jodhpur bound train no. 12461 (Mandore Express), which had had arrived on platform at 7.40 am. also caught fire when the coaches were being taken to the yard. The fire in this coach was noticed around 10.15 am. The staff again swung into action and doused the fire of the coach but the damages could not be avoided.Fire in the two trains in a matter of two hours in suspicious manner shocked everyone. Fortunately there was no damage to human life as the trains were empty. Many considered it to be a mischief of some person.Refusing to comment unless the report comes, DRM, Rajendra Jain said, \"We have constituted a committee comprising chief rolling staff engineer G L Rajauria, chief electrical service engineer Chainsukh Jeengar and additional chief security commissioner Sanjay Sankritayan. They will be coming from the North Western Railway headquarters and will inquire about the cause of fire and the amount of damage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872077", "title": "Money, blackmail tactics can bring success in politics", "text": "BANGALORE: He wants to shift to his two-bedroom house in Rajajinagar, but as there's no parking space there, he has been advised to stay at Anugraha (the CM's official residence) for two months.Former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda told TOI here on Friday that the BJP leadership should take firm decisions sometimes which may not be good for the present, but will get them results in the long run.Did the BJP overplay the Lingayat card? Was your replacement justified using this?I feel it ought not to have played the Lingayat card. In Karnataka, things have reached a point where one cannot have a different view. We're all responsible and it may be good politics, but not in public perception. In the first two or three elections, the BJP, despite being the single largest party, was unable to form the government. The betrayal in the transfer of power in 2007 indirectly forced my party to play the caste card.Will the constant change of CMs not set a precedent in other BJP-ruled states?I don't think so because in spite of political turbulence, we have given put in place good programmes. But political instability took an upper hand. These blackmailing, hijacking of party activities should stop, otherwise we'll have to pay in the next elections.Do you think the BJP leadership was being blackmailed?It's quite evident. Things were happening every day.Why did the BJP leaders delay a decision on ending this blackmailing?At one point of time, the central leadership wanted to have a good combination under my leadership and thought they could handle the situation and hence the delay. But you know the style of functioning of some leaders. They pressurized central leaders to go in their direction. I could have continued for some more time, but I thought in the larger interest of the state in the grip of drought, such political turbulence and non-cooperation by my cabinet colleagues will hamper drought management.Where did things go wrong for you?When I became the CM, the brief from the leaders was: restore the party's image lost in the past three and half years. To do that job, I had to take some hard decisions but these were not acceptable to many ministers and MLAs.And your soft corner for the JD(S)?Making allegations against somebody to create confusion is easy. And to utter lies hundred times and create suspicion has also worked. I have challenged my seniors to show me a single piece of evidence of these allegations. Just because my work was appreciated by the governor, central leaders, opposition leaders, some persons are making these allegations. Some people who were in and around me could not tolerate the appreciation.What do you have to say about Yeddyurappa? Are you hurt by what happened?He's one of the tallest leaders in Karnataka. His contribution to the party is enormous. But on certain occasions, his activities to solely control the party has damaged the BJP. I'm not hurt because I was asked to step down. But the manner in which my own people acted to carry out the agenda against me did hurt. I also made a mistake of hosting tea for MLAs supporting me before I was to resign and 56 attended with six confirming on the telephone. I had 61 MLAs of the BJP's total 115 when I was resigning which is a great achievement. I wanted to show the central leadership that I too had a following. I won't make this mistake in future.What are the two things politics has taught you?I have no money or blackmailing tactics. Without these two, one cannot be a successful politician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14871749", "title": "Respite to citizens from high watt music", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Kawariyas playing high wattage music and running gensets without canopies druing Shrawan month will be appealed by the police to avoid this practice. The men-in-khaki have initiated this measure as loud music, DJs etc are creating noise pollution and even adversely affecting children and pregnant women to some extent. With the kawariyas obliging the police, they have been quite successful in checking noise pollution. And no doubt, citizens have heaved a sigh of relief and thanked the authorities for curbing noise pollution to an extent.In fact, the top police brass have taken initiatives after a Varanasi-based organization -- Satya Foundation -- apprised Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati of Shree Vidhya Math,Varanasi, who in turn talked to police higher-ups, including IG, Allahabad Zone and Varanasi zone to take corrective measures in this regard.During Shrawan month, scores of kawariyas groups used to carry DJs attached with genesets running without canopies adding to noise pollution in the city. However, volunteers of Satya Foundation came forward who not only approached Swami Avimukteshwaranand but also wrote to chief minister, chief secretary and UP DGP to take corrective measures.Talking to TOI, IG, Allahabad Zone, Alok Sharma, said: \"We have issued a set of directives to the subordinates to take corrective measures if there are complaints regarding noise pollution.\" He, however, made it clear that no such complaint was received till date but the police was maintaining a strict watch and cajoling the kawariyas.The IG, however, admitted that Swami Avimuktesharanand Saraswati had discussed the issue with him and he has assured him to take the issue seriously.Talking to TOI, Secretary, Satya Foundation, Chetan Upadhaya, said, \"As per law, any noise of more than 75 db decibel (at a distance of one meter) is illegal and the noise of DJs and canopy-less generator is between 110 to 150 db, so government must not allow it in the name of tradition and religion.\" He further maintained that IG ( law and order) had issued a strict warning in the same regard.\"There has been adverse impact of noise pollution on humans like annoyance, physiological effects, loss of hearing, human performance affected, nervous system, sleeplessness and damage to material,\" said Deputy CMO Dr Vivek Srivastva while talking to TOI.UP pollution Control Board officials maintained that as per Noise Pollution Prevention and Control Act, 2000, the gensets or other domestic and electrical appliances need to be kept in acoustic chambers to control the level of noise pollution, keeping it below the permissible limit as prescribed under noise standards for ambient air by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB).There has been set norms for operating gensets like the chimneys of gensets must be covered with canopies to prevent and control air pollution, the gensets must be placed in acoustic (preferably sound proof) chambers to prevent and control sound pollution and gensets should be placed in open space to control air pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14877040", "title": "Four dead as car falls into canal in Idukki", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Four members of a family were killed when their car fell into a canal after hitting a culvert near Pazhayarikandam in Idukki on Thursday night. \"Biju Michael (41) of Mlakuzhi house near Shankarappilly in Thodupuzha, wife Bindhu (38), children Ajo (12) and Aksa (6) were killed in the mishap,\" police said. Both children studied at Shanthal Jyothi Public School in Muttom.Police said that it was raining heavily on Thursday night and after the car crashed on the Vannappuram-Kanjikuzhy road, people noticed the accident only around 7.30 am on Friday.All of them were dead by then. Police and local residents used ropes to retrieve the car.Bindhu was driving the car and all of them had fastened their seat belts. The autopsy was conducted at Idukki District Hospital, police said. The family left their house around 8.30pm on Thursday to attend a prayer programme at a meditation centre in Anakkara.On the way, they had planned to have dinner at Bindhu's house in Murickassery. When they did not arrive as planned, Bindhu's brother Benny tried to contact them over phone.Later he called the meditation centre. A worried Benny then contacted the police informing them that the family was missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14870672", "title": "Not wearing helmet can be fatal: Doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around one month ago, TOI had highlighted the plight of two pillion riders who suffered severe head injuries in road accidents. Neither of the women - Rubina and Mithilesh - was wearing a helmet. The two are still on ventilator support at AIIMS trauma centre though there is slight improvement in their brain function. Experts feel that if a law making helmets mandatory for women riders is not put in place more women could meet the same fate. In the meantime, they advise women to exercise caution.\"Accident kills irrespective of gender, then why should there be separate laws for men and women on wearing helmets. The government must take steps in this direction. But till then, women should make it a point to wear protective gear, keeping their own safety in mind. Schools, colleges and offices should encourage women riding two-wheelers to wear helmets,\" said Dr M C Misra, chief of the AIIMS trauma centre. He wrote to the Prime Minister last year saying that helmets should be made compulsory for women riders.Dr Deepak Aggarwal, senior neurosurgeon, said that helmets insulate one from serious head injury, the most common cause of death and co-morbidities in road accidents. \"Out of 100 patients who suffer severe head injuries, only 70-75 can be savedThe survivors, however, remain dependent on family because their cognitive abilities cannot be completely restored in most cases,\" said Aggarwal. He added, \"Accident deaths mostly involve people in the age group of 16-30, the most productive years of life,\" he said.Data on female fatalities reported at the AIIMS trauma centre showed that 28% of head injury cases were reported in the age group of 13-18 and 18.4% of the cases involved women between 19-60 years. A majority of these were road accident victims. AIIMS officials said that the number of female patients in emergency cases has also shot up.Women are more vulnerable to severe injuries while riding pillion or driving a two-wheeler because most of them sit sidesaddle which makes it difficult to maintain balance. There's also the added risk of the saree or the dupatta getting entangled in the rear wheel.Women drivers or those riding pillion are more vulnerable to accidents because most of them sit side-saddledExperts feel a strong need for a law which makes helmets compulsory for women riders to prevent lives from being lost in road accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14870784", "title": "Home guard killed in Vasundhara", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A home guard was beaten to death late on Friday night by four men when he refused to allow their car to cross a traffic barricade in the Vasundhara area of Ghaziabad.Vimal Tiwari (32) was on duty at the Vasundhara traffic signal when the four accused, all claiming to be journalists, came in a car and asked him to allow them to cross the barricade. The barricade was set up to regulate traffic flow, especially for the movement of 'kanwariyas', police said.Witnesses said Tiwari refused to comply with their demand and was beaten up by the men. The accused then fled the spot in their car. Tiwari was taken to a nearby hospital where he succumbed to his injuries during treatment. According to Gorakh Nath, inspector of Indirapuram police station, two cases have been registered and police are looking for the absconding men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14888184", "title": "Infosys among top 10 global service providers in China", "text": "BANGALORE: IT major Infosys has announced that its subsidiary Infosys China has been listed amongst the Top 10 global service providers in China, by the country's Council for International Investment Promotion.This is the second consecutive year that Infosys China has received this award, the city-headquartered company said in a statement here.Rangarajan Vellamore, CEO, Infosys China said, \"This recognition is a testimony of our commitment to the IT industry in China as we continue to invest and expand our footprint in the region.\"He said the company was focused on delivering high quality growth to their local and global clients in China through their diversified portfolio of offerings covering their clients' transformation, innovation and operational needs.Infosys China, incorporated in 2004, reported revenues of $102 million in fiscal 2012.The company is also developing a new campus at Zizhu Science and Technology Park in Shanghai , Vellamore said adding it employed over 3,000 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14873570", "title": "Kumaraguru to be new VC of Manomaniam varsity", "text": "MADURAI: Dr A K Kumaraguru, senior professor and director, Centre for Marine and Coastal Studies, Madurai, School of Energy, Madurai Kamaraj University, has been appointed as vice-chancellor of the Manomaniam Sundaranar University, Tirunelveli.The 58-year-old professor is an expert in coastal studies and has worked extensively on the endangered coral reefs in the Gulf of Mannar and is a recipient of many awards, including the Tamil Nadu Scientist Award.He has headed research on many marine endangered marine species including the dugongs. He has published many research papers. Kumaraguru has also assisted many PhD scholars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14870677", "title": "ACP Chess Classic introduces adjournment and extra time in chess format", "text": "CHENNAI: The introduction of adjournments and an extra half hour in the tournament format of the ACP Chess Classic starting in Amsterdam on July 14 is an interesting change the organisers have brought in much against the trend.India's Krishnan Sasikiran will be seen in action along with Vassily Ivanchuk of Ukraine and Gata Kamsky of USA in the category 19 tournament that will not be rated by FIDE (the world body) because it does not follow the normal rules of play.The tournament has brought back adjournment, which had gone out of fashion as the computers came into play two decades ago. Players used to seal their moves after seven hours of play, go back home, analyse with their friends, come back the next day and use it from the adjourned position.\"This is a good experiment,\" says Grandmaster RB Ramesh. \"Today's chess is merciless. It depends more on home preparation and you are in time trouble when you start thinking.\"The general impression is that the quality of games will improve as the format gives more time and it will also help more and more games to go into endings where there is a further incentive of prolonging it to the next day if it has not finished.Adjournments were quite normal in chess tournaments before the 1990s as players, who thought they had a slight plus in the endings, wanted time to analyse their chances before settling for a draw or even find the correct continuations when they came back for the game the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14874786", "title": "Slumdogs' dogged fight against hooch shop", "text": "BHOPAL: These slumdogs, all of them girls, may not be having anything in common with the young cast of Slumdog Millionaire , but they are as spunky as the two main characters in the movie. They have decided to take on the one social evil - drinking - which threatens to destroy their lives by petitioning for the removal of a country liquor shop or kalali in their locality.These girls from Nai Basti of Bag Mugalia locality have sent a series of postcards to the State Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( SCPCR) complaining against the hooch shop in their locality and how it has become a major bone of contention.Talking to TOI, Commission chairperson Usha Chaturvedi said, \"These complaints are first of their kind. It is heartening that these school going children are so conscious about the menace of a liquor shop and want it shut down. The commission will make all efforts to solve their problem.\"The striking thing about the postcards, eight in total, is that they are all written by girls with names changed. Each postcard highlights a separate hazard caused by the hooch shop.One of these letters by 15-year-old 'Prachi' reflects on the damage due to the liquor shop. She writes, \"Two people have already died in our locality due to excessive drinking. This is the reality in every slum. Children are also falling to the notorious habit of consuming alcohol.\"\"Sharab peene se bachho ko bahut nuksaan ho raha hai. Chhote chhote bachhe bhi sharab ke aadi ho rahe hai.\"She goes on to write how the future of these children is in great danger. Women too are suffering due to alcohol. Prachi writes in the letter that many men come back home after getting drunk and beat their wives. They also leave them stranded outside their homes. This not just mentally disturbs women, but coerces them to commit suicide.In another postcard, 11-year-old 'Simran' writes how liquor shop is the reason she is lagging behind in her studies. She writes, \"Every time my father comes home drunk, my mother and he fight. She is then taken her paternal house. Consequently, my studies are getting hampered.\"\"The drunkards lose their sense of bearing and stray towards the main road which is the highway. This is how they are falling prey to road accidents, leaving behind their family with no once to care of their children,\" writes 10-year-old 'Apeksha'.Another serious problem these girls face is eve teasing as the shop is on the way. \"I travel that road for coaching classes. Boys and men always crowd that area. Hence I find it very inconvenient,\" writes 15-year-old 'Bhoomi'.Similary, 'Rashi' writes, \"Many people crowd the shop and eve tease girls and women. Many are hesitant to travel on that road.\"Chaturvedi said the commission would soon conduct an inspection of the place. \"We would also see if the hooch shop is in the middle of any dense residential area, near any religious structure, school and what is the distance between them,\" she said.\"We would also ascertain whether any excise norms of country liquor shops are being violated or not and write to the excise commissioner and district collector accordingly,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14873598", "title": "TNEB engineer caught taking bribe", "text": "TRICHY: Sleuths of the directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC), Trichy caught an assistant engineer with the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) red-handed, while he was taking bribe from a consumer in Samayapuram on Friday evening.D Saravanan (43), residing in Thiruvalluvar Nagar, Samayapuram in Trichy was working as an assistant engineer at the TNEB office at Samayapuram.According to the DVAC, one Ramesh (47) from Iraganur in Samayapuram lodged a complaint with the DVAC on Thursday evening that he had purchased a housing plot in Eachampatti where three electric posts were passing through his land. As they caused hindrance, he petitioned the assistant engineer of TNEB to take steps to shift the electric posts. Unfortunately, none of his petitions to the officer yielded any favourable response for the past three years. Frustrated by this, he went to TNEB, Samayapuram office and met Saravanan on Thursday. When Ramesh told Saravanan the problem, to his shock, the assistant engineer asked him to give a bribe of Rs 10,000 to take forward his demand.Upset over his reply, Ramesh decided to lodge a complaint with the DVAC and lodged a complaint. Based on this, DVAC officials decided to set up a trap. As per their instructions, Ramesh met Saravanan at his office to pay the chemically-treated cash at around 4pm on Friday. When he handed over the cash to him, the police team led by the DVAC, Trichy DSP Prabakaran caught Saravanan red-handed. He was then arrested and remanded in judicial custody. The police also conducted a raid at his residence in the evening and confiscated Rs 90,000 cash and valuable documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14873902", "title": "Pig attacks 6-yr-old boy", "text": "HUBLI: A 6-year-old boy sustained injuries when he was attacked by a stray pig on Thursday night in Hubli.Nitish Gangimali, 6, resident of Anand Nagar, was attacked when he approached the stray pig loitering around his house. The pig bit him on the leg, hands and head. Hearing his cries passersby rushed to rescue him, but by then he had sustained injuries. Nitish has been admitted to KIMS hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14872453", "title": "Court suggests ways to solve barons\u2019 legal tussle", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday made several suggestions to warring barons\u2014 Nusli Wadia and Ferani Hotels Prvt Ltd, a company of realtor K Raheja group headed by real estate developer G L Raheja\u2014to find a \"practical solution\" to their four-year-old litigation over a 6,00-acre land in Malad.The bench of Justice D Y Chandrachud and Justice R D Dhanuka has suggested that Ferani Hotels should \"sit down\" with Wadia and find a way to secure his 12 % share on every future sale or to have a \"business person, not a lawyer\" as a mediator to fix a value of past deals to ensure that Wadia gets his 12% share on proceeds. The court will continue hearing the two sides' appeals on Monday.Ferani Hotels' counsel Parag Tripathi said under the agreement, Wadia was entitled to 12% of the gross sale and had no right to co-develop any property. The judges said the allegations were that Ferani was entering into contracts with third parties and Wadia got less than 12% of the price. Justice Chandrachud said, both being businessmen, they must work out a practical solution. But not accepting any suggestion, Wadia's counsel Fali Nariman said the \"kind of fraud committed by Ferani meant that the fundamental term of the contract was breached\". Wadia's allegation was that Ferani Hotels sold most of the land to third parties and then, constructed on the plot to reap larger profits at market price. Nariman claimed the developer did not inform him how much of the property had been sold since 2008 when he revoked the power of attorney; he estimated that Ferani had recovered Rs 11,000 crore from the development of the land, of which they were supposed to give Wadia Rs 1,240 crore but paid Rs 156 crore. Tripathi denied it.The court was hearing Wadia and Raheja's appeals against a single judge's order in December 2010, which had granted Wadia partial relief. Raheja had challenged the order as it dismissed a plea to remove Wadia as the sole administrator of Eduljee Framroze Dinshaw estate in Malad, worth over Rs 22,000 crore. Wadia challenged an earlier order by Justice Roshan Dalvi saying the court had \"failed to appoint a receiver for all properties yet to be sold...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14894941", "title": "Women workers vent out in office toilets", "text": "One-third of bright, educated women in their 20s are actually suffering from a 'quarter-life' crisis and are secretly crying in the office toilets or are so crippled with fear they dread their daily commute, a new study has claimed .A toxic cocktail of financial worries and fear of unemployment due to the recession has left hundreds of thousands of high-flying young women terrified.A report by investment firm Skandia claims that one in three women in their 20s with a university degree are suffering from an anxiety crisis and have even delayed entering romantic relationships as a result.The reported also fund that one in four men are gripped by the same anxieties.\"These young women have worked hard through school and university,\" the Daily Mail quoted Dr Meg Jay, a leading psychologist who worked with the study's authors, as saying.But now in the real world the recession has thrown them off course and caused them huge amounts of uncertainty.\"I've come across young women like this who keep up an appearance of being strong but find themselves every day in tears,\" Jay said.It's usually men who struggle through a mid-life crisis in their 40s or early 50s but the research suggests young women are also at risk of going off the rails.Other symptoms suffered by women included nightmares and loss of appetite. In the worst cases, young women delayed entering romantic relationships because they were so stressed out by their financial fears.\"These young women feel they have enough on their plates with keeping their jobs and raising money for their homes - they don't feel they can cope with dating as well,\" Dr. Jay said.The study found an estimated 4.1million young people in Britain were suffering from a quarter-life crisis and were unsatisfied with the direction their lives were taking.Of these, 1.7million were in the grip of a 'severe crisis'. Most believed they had fallen hopelessly behind with financial goals such as buying a home or paying off student debt and a third were putting themselves under huge amounts of pressure to succeed in their careers or jobs.However the majority of young people surveyed said they were not yet worried about saving for retirement.\"The decade between your 20s and 30s is probably the most challenging time of your life , where ambition meets reality and the term \"cost of living\" really hits home,\" Graham Bentley, head of investment strategy at Skandia UK, said.\"What's worrying though is that less than a quarter are saving anything towards their retirement, which means they could be heading for a three-quarter-life crisis further down the line,\" Bentley added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14873988", "title": "Sowing in Pune division a low 5%", "text": "PUNE: Agricultural activity has been badly affected in Pune division which posted just 5% sowing, the lowest in the state. Amravati reported the highest (75%) so far, the latest weekly sowing report released by the state agriculture department said.Agriculture commissioner Umakant Dangat said major cereal and pulses-producing areas like Marathwada and Vidarbha have received good rainfall and sowing has been completed in more than 50% area.Pune division comprises Pune, Ahmednagar and Solapur districts. Amravati division comprises Buldhana, Akola, Washim, Amravati and Yavatmal districts.The state's sowing report said the overall sowing activity in the state is 50%. Of the 132.34 lakh hectare kharif land in the state, 66.76 lakh hectare is under sowing mainly in Vidarbha and Marathwada.The report also stated that Pune division has received between 40% to 60% of its normal rainfall, which is among the lowest in the state. The normal rainfall of the division in this period is around 90 mm, but so far it has received 41 mm rainfall.The coastal districts of Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg, Akola, Washim, Amravati and Yavatmal (all parts of Vidarbha) have received more than normal rainfall so far, the report added.Pulses and oil seeds are sown on 10.45 lakh hectares and 21.1 lakh hectares respectively, Dangat said. \"Of the total area under pulses, sowing on 43% area is completed, while sowing of cereals has been done on 20% area,\" he said. The state cultivates tur (red gram), moong (green gram) and urad (black gram).\"Marathwada and Vidarbha region received the season's first rainfall around June 17. Though the region received light showers, good quality black soil has higher water retention capacity, hence farmers began sowing. By June-end, Vidarbha received more spells, with Aurangabad and surrounding areas getting heavy spells of rain. It not only speeded up sowing, but also stored water in small check dams which come in use later,\" Dangat said.Western Maharashtra, comprising Kolhapur, Satara, Sangli, Solapur, Pune and Ahmednagar districts received low rainfall. The soil has low water retention capacity and the sowing activity is very slow in this region, said Dangat.Maize, consumed by people and cattle, is catching up in Nashik, Latur and Washim districts. The total area under maize is 2.37 lakh hectare, compared to its normal sowing on 4.19 lakh hectares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14874383", "title": "Row over headscarf back in Dakshina Kannada college", "text": "MANGALORE: The row over attending classes in 'Hijab' (headscarf) surfaced once again in an educational institution in Dakshina Kannada district. On Friday, some students of Sri Ramakunjeshwara First Grade College, Ramakunja, near Uppinangady in the district, boycotted classes over the management's dress code.The college, run by Sri Ramakunjeshwara Educational Institutions, does not permit students to dress according to their faith. Muslim students are allowed to come to college in burqa or headscarf. But in the classroom, they are expected to remove it. On Thursday, girls who came in headscarves to class were asked to remove it. Following this, students started protesting.Zulekha (name changed), a II BCom student told TOI: \"We have been requesting the college authorities to permit us to wear the headscarf inside the classroom. We are under pressure from our community. The hijab is part of our faith and religious right.\" Another girl said that she was ready to quit college, if the management does not allow them to wear hijab inside classrooms.College administrative board secretary KS Radhakrishna said that the college has its own dress code and students are supposed to come in their uniform. \"Students and parents were informed about the dress code at the time of admission itself. Only after agreeing to the dress code, do they join our institute,\" he said. Radhakrishna blames 'external forces' for the sudden protests against the dress code.Said Vasanth Rao,principal, \"Parents did not raise objections during admission. We cannot change rules for the sake of religious rights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870579", "title": "Cancel 26 private coal mine blocks in Vid, give them to WCL, says Ahir", "text": "NAGPUR: Chandrapur MP and BJP leader Hansraj Ahir who has been campaigning against allotment of coal blocks to private parties by the Union coal ministry for long, has now demanded that 26 such mine blocks located in Vidarbha be cancelled immediately.Ahir's demand has come a day after Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal said here that there were no untapped coal reserves left in the state for WCL and it may have to look to other states for getting new mines. The BJP leader said Jaiswal's statement was misleading as WCL could not be allotted mines in other states that fell under areas of different subsidiaries of the Coal India Ltd (CIL).\"WCL is a profit making company. Though the mines under it have only 3.9% of reserves of all the mines of its parent CIL, it contributes over 12% of CIL's revenues. Already WCL has been cutting its staff strength from 82,000 at one time to 54,000 now. It is a major employer in Vidarbha and if its reseves get exhausted, a large number of people in this backward region will be rendered jobless,\" Ahir said at a press conference here on Friday.He said it was imperative that the government found ways for WCL's survival. Ahir said for this, the best way out was to cancel allocation of 26 captive mines given on a platter to private parties. These mines should be handed over to WCL. Ahir also questioned why the coal ministry, which was giving blocks to private companies, was denying them to CIL whose demand for 138 blocks was pending for the last five years.Ahir alleged that the four commercial coal bocks allotted to Maharashtra State Mining Corporation had perpetrated scam as it got a upfront facilitation fee of only Rs703 crore for the 400 million tonnes of coal in them. In sharp contrast, in the mines containing reserves of 396 MT allotted to Madhya Pradesh government, it has raked in revenue of Rs 873 crore per year besides the royalty amount. Thus Maharashtra government suffered a huge loss in giving away the four mines to private parties, he alleged and these four deals be cancelled and the mine blocks handed over to WCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14870266", "title": "Night patrolling in Guwahati to be intensified: Assam DGP", "text": "GUWAHATI: The public condemnation for police following Monday night's incident of molestation of a 20-year-old girl outside a bar in the city has forced Assam Police to chalk out plans to beef up security in Guwahati, especially at night.At 10 pm on Monday, the girl was molested by a group of men when she was returning from a city bar in the Christianbasti area here. According to eyewitnesses, she got involved in a brawl with her friend, following which a group of men took advantage of the situation and molested her. The heinous act continued for over half-an-hour before she was rescued by police.Assam DGP J N Choudhury assured city residents of arresting all the culprits soon. \"The incident is a rare one. We have planned to intensify police patrolling during night hours. Though we have an acute shortage of manpower, the department has decided to pull out men from other resources and engage them in night patrolling,\" said the DGP.The DGP also sought public support in the cause and said police can't do their bit without the help of society. \"Every individual, every citizen and every society has a role in construct a better and safe society. Police can't do the job alone and public support is a must to keep our society clean,\" added the officer.When asked about taking action against the perpetrators of the crime, the DGP said police have no other option but to act according to law. \"Police have to operate according to law. We can arrest the culprits as per the law. But punishing them is a matter of the judiciary,\" he added.The DGP said to stop such ugly incidents in future, the police department has called a joint meeting with the city's bar owners this evening. \"We will take some decisions after the meeting and also take the opinion of bar owners,\" he added.Earlier, the Assam State Women's Commission chairperson Meera Barooah had sought a change in law for molesters. Barooah expressed her unhappiness over the Indian Penal Code (IPC), which doesn't have stern punishment for a molester. \"All sections of IPC for molestation are bailable and punishment for the convicts are not for more than two years or so. But a molester, who hurts a woman's dignity, should be sent behind the bars for life,\" she said.The accused were framed under Sec 341 (wrongful restraint) 143 (unlawful assembly), 294 (obscene act), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 354 (assault or criminal force on a woman with the intent to outrage her modesty) of IPC following a written complaint filed by the girl's mother. However, all these sections are bailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "14871730", "title": "SOG, STF sleuths nab one involved in 34L loot case", "text": "BAHRAICH: The special operation group team of Devipatan division along with sleuths of special task force arrested a member of the gang involved in looting Rs 34 lakh from an accountant of a liquor trader Ponty Chaddha on Wednesday. The gang is known to have inter-state connections following the arrest of one of its member. The apprehended gang member has confessed to have executed the incidents of loots with other members of the gangs from Devariya to Srinagar. The loot money worth five lakh, a revolver and a bike were recovered from his possession. Raids are going on to nab two of his associates.According to the police, three miscreants overpowered the muneem at the gun points near eastern railway crossing on Gonda-Bahraich and snatched his bag full of cash. The SOG team of Gonda, Bahraich, Balrampur and Shravasti were deputed by DIG to investigate the case.Superintendent of police, Bahraich GP Kanojia told on Wednesday that the gang member has been identified as Holi, resident of Dulhapur Dhaneypur of Gonda. Rs 5,02,000,.32-bore revolver with cartridges and a stolen bike were recovered from his possession. During the interrogation Holi has revealed the names of two others. He told that his gang executes the incidents of loot and robbery in Khalilabad, Deoria, Basti, Siddhartha Nagar, Allahabad, Haridwar, Delhi, Haryana, Punjab and Srinagar. SP said that raids are being conducted to nab the other two associates of Holi. Later the accused was sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14878368", "title": "80% less rainfall so far in July", "text": "LUDHIANA: People did not get any relief from humid weather even after the morning drizzle, which lasted for about 10 minutes, on Friday. Humidity in the city is on a constant rise despite sparse rainfall since the start of this monsoon.Assistant Agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) Kulwinder Kaur Gill says, \"The rainfall is deficient this year, as in June, we didn't have a single rainy day (a record) and the total rainfall in the city in July till date is just 20mm. The normal rainfall received till this time of the year is about 120-130mm.\" She adds that rainfall has been deficient by 80%.\"The morning humidity, which was around 60% around July 6 is at 80% presently, whereas the evening humidity, which was around 40% is at present around 55%,\" says Gill, adding, \"The maximum temperature has dropped by about 2-3 degrees celsius from about 37 degrees celsius on July 6 to around 34.6 degrees celsius now.\" She says there has been a drop of a degree celsius in the minimum temperature too, compared to last week, with chances of more rainfall in next 24 hours.Kitchlu Nagar resident and an MNC employee Bhupinder Singh says, \"We were expecting heavy rainfall with the advent of monsoon, but there have only been spells of drizzle between sunny days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14871133", "title": "Five hurt in SUV-trailer collision", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Five people, including two women and the driver of an SUV, were injured when the vehicle coming towards the Steel City collided with a trailer coming from the opposite direction near Kanderbera in Chandil in adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district on Friday morning.Among the injured, condition of the two people, including the driver, is serious and all have been admitted to the Tata Main Hospital.Immediately after the accident which occurred around 11.45am, local villagers and pedestrians rescued the injured and rushed them to the hospital. However, the driver who was stuck inside the damaged vehicle was removed after police reached the site.\"So far there's no report of any casualty in the accident and all the injured are under treatment in the hospital,\" said Chandil police station officer in charge A K Singh. It is learned that the accident was severe as the trailer was running in speed. \"The vehicle (BR2L 8541) is completely damaged,\" said a villager who rescued the injured people.Traffic on the route remained affected for few hours because of the accident on National Highway-33 connecting Ranchi to Jamshedpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "14871103", "title": "Multipurpose buildings for 15 villages sanctioned", "text": "Gumla: The district administration has sanctioned multi-purpose building-cum -'gram sansad bhawan' for 15 villages in the district with an idea to strengthen democratic process at the grass root level. Besides these villages will have inclusive rural development initiatives.Under the ambitious integrated action plan (IAP) of the Planning Commission, its concerning committee chaired by Gumla DC Shubhendra Jha decided to build standard multipurpose buildings, where villagers could sit and work out village development plans.The sansad bhawan will be constructed at Amgaon village in Albert Ekka block, Sokrahatu and Jairagi villages of Chainpur block, Bartoli- Damgara and Khetli -Belgaon villages in Dumri block, Sipringa village in Raidih block, Gamhariya and Basua villages in Gumla block, Polpolpat in Bishunpur block, Bikma in Kamdara block, Sakiya in Basia block, Dumardih in Palkot block, Lawagain in Sisai block, Gunia and Icha villages in Ghaghra block of the district, said DDC Punai Oraon.These villages have been selected by applying convergence mode of village development in education health, agro- growth and other livelihood income generation measures, Jha said. Thenew buildings will serve as a village secretariat as well as a meeting place where villagers including the members of gram sansad will prepare plans for growth and development of the region, besides storing important records, the DC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14874269", "title": "Media should restrain from publishing Rathore case: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court could not take up the revision petitions filed against acquittal of Rajendra Singh Rathore in the Dara Singh fake encounter case on Friday due to lack of time and the matter will be heard on July 24. The single bench of Justice Ajay Rastogi, however, expressed his concern over media reports relating to the case.The bench was of the view that the media should have the responsibility to restrain itself from publishing news items concerning the case as it may give a wrong impression to both defence and prosecution sides. The court however, said it would be proper to publish the final judgment but the ongoing proceedings taking place in the high court and any question put against each other should not be made a headline as it affects the minds of the litigants.The CBI counsel tried to push the case before the court on Friday for hearing but the single judge candidly turned it down on the ground that the matter is not having any such grave urgency that it needs to taken up for out of turn hearing.Meanwhile, the district and sessions judge V K Mathur who is now hearing the trial case has sent a requisition to the registrar (vigilance) of the high court to return the original records of the case. The record was called by the registrar pursuant to an inquiry ordered by the chief justice of the high court in the matter on the alleged order of discharge by the then distict judge P C Jain who was removed from the post after the controversial order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14872512", "title": "Court allows Kalmadi to go for Olympics", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court's decision on Friday to allow sacked CWG Organizing Committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi , accused in a CWG-related corruption case, to visit London for the Olympics drew immediate protests with sports minister Ajay Maken saying he would try to ensure that the disgraced administrator was not part of the Indian delegation.While ordering Kalmadi to furnish a bond of Rs 10 lakh and a surety of the same amount, special CBI judge Talwant Singh made it clear that he was allowed to visit London for the purpose of the Olympics \"only\".However, Maken questioned the suitability of someone facing serious corruption charges travelling for the Olympics. \"I think saner sense will eventually prevail. Because as I said, Olympics is not just about participation and winning medals. Ethics and morality should be supreme. No one tainted of corruption should be allowed to participate in Olympics. And that too, (being) tainted as a sports administrator and allowed to participate in Olympics is something which kills the basic spirit of Olympics. And I strongly condemn it,\" he said.\"It is unfortunate ... as sports minister, I will just try to ensure that he will not be part of the Indian delegation. This I can ensure that Mr Kalmadi won't be part of Indian delegation,\" Maken said.Allowing Kalmadi's plea to visit London, the court noted that the arguments on charges against him were over. \"Accused No.1 (Kalmadi) is a member of International Association of Athletics Federation (IAAF) Council and president of Asian Athletics Association (AAA) and arguments on charge on his behalf are already over. The arguments on charge of the other accused in the case are going on and it will take time in concluding. Accordingly, the application of Kalmadi is allowed,\" the judge said.The court, however, imposed a condition that no adjournment would be sought on behalf of Kalmadi and his counsel would remain present in the proceedings during his absence.Seeking the court's permission to visit London for the Games from July 26 to August 13, Kalmadi had placed on record the invitation from IAAF Council and the programme schedule of the Olympics and details of the ticket sent to him by the association's general secretary Essar Gabriel.The Lok Sabha MP and 10 others have been charge-sheeted by CBI under various provisions of the IPC and Prevention of Corruption Act for allegedly \"illegally\" awarding contract to install Timing, Scoring and Results (TSR) system for the 2010 Commonwealth Games to Swiss Timing, causing a loss of over Rs 90 crore to the exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "tezpur", "code": "14870364", "title": "Extortion demand on teachers", "text": "TEZPUR: A sense of insecurity prevails among a section of newly appointed teachers posted in the Bodo dominated areas of Sonitpur district following extortion demands on them made by self-styled militants. A recently apppointed assistant teacher of Saotal Chuburi LP School under Behali police station, Putul Das, today filed a complaint to the police that he has received calls from a militant leader asking for money.As per the complaint, M Maithang, area commander of National Democratic Front of Bodoland (Ranjan) called up Das and asked him to pay Rs 50,000 once and then Rs 20,000 each month for joining as a teacher in Bodo diminated area. Das, in his complaint, said the militant leader threatened him with dire consequences if he failed to pay. Besides filing a complaint with the Jinjia police outpost, Das has also sent written complaint to the Sonitpur district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14872575", "title": "Many moods, many colours", "text": "HYDERABAD: Creativity and imagination were on bright display at the painting competition held on Friday as part of ToI's Hyderabad for Kids campaign with participants filling their sheets with vibrant colours and attractive sceneries and patterns. A whopping 824 students from around 75 city schools turned up for the event held at the Sultan Ul-Uloom Junior College on Road No.3, Banjara Hills, to showcase their artistic skills and innovative interpretations of the topics which were based on the colourful world around them and their moods and feelings. The kids also got a chance to interact with city police commissioner, Anurag Sharma and theatre personality Mohammad Ali Baig.The participants were divided into two groups; junior group for students from class IV to VII and senior group for those from class VIII to XII and given separate topics. While the juniors had to paint on the topic \"My colourful world\", the seniors were given \"Paint your mood\". The participants were further divided into categories depending on the medium used and the style of painting. The categories were junior crayons, junior water colours, senior abstract and senior water colours. The kids were given one hour to complete their painting and as soon as the time started, they got busy with their brushes and colour palettes while their parents and teachers waited patiently outside the hall.Participants made the most of the topics, letting their imagination run wild and painting things like a house in the clouds, a jigsaw puzzle with a scenery, a face which was half-smiling and half-angry, geometrical shapes and musical instruments. Priyal Boghani of Delhi Public School, said, \"I was very surprised when I heard the topics because I thought that it would be something news relatedlike women or education. At first I was very nervous to see so many kids at the venue, but I gave my best. I painted an abstract painting with lots of bright colours depicting my happy and excited mood.\"Talking about her painting, Paridhi Rathi of Glendale Academy said, \"My topic was 'My colourful world' so I painted a rainbow in the background and a globe in front to show how all the seven colours of the rainbow make the earth beautiful and lively. The topic was a very interesting one and I had a lot of fun painting.\"After the contest, judges and well-known city painters Fawad Tamkanat and Pooja Kapur started the difficult task of picking the winners while the special guests addressed the participants. \"I got a chance to look around at the paintings and I was very impressed with the quality and skill that these young children possess. Each and every one of them has done a really nice job and I congratulate all the participants for their effort,\" said Anurag Sharma.Talking to the audience, Mohammad Ali Baig said, \"It is always great to see children taking an interest in the fine arts and the performing arts and I am glad that so many of the city's children have come forward for this competition.\"Following a long deliberation, the winners were finally announced. In the junior crayons category, Gehna Gautam of Delhi Public School bagged the first place while Afeefa Baig of Nasr School and Shreya Guda of Kennedy High were adjudged second and third respectively.Mohd Lukman Malik of VIP International School came first in the junior water colours category and Hruthika Goud of St Joseph's Public School and Karthika VN of Meridian School placed second and third respectively.In the senior abstract category, Soham Banerjee of Future Kids School stood first, Himaja Challa of Indus World School came second and K Sushma Reddy of Kennedy High bagged third. Mrudula Reddy of Future Kids School received a special prize in the same category. D Shashi Preetam of DPS Nacharam bagged the first place in the senior water colours category while Abdul Rahman of Orchids International School and Shravani N of Sister Nivedita School placed second and third respectively.Speaking about his painting, D Shashi Preetam who stood first in the senior water colours category, said, \"I painted a pair of eyes in the midst of many colours merging into each other. This was the first time that I actually completed a painting.\"Himaja Challa who won the second prize in senior abstract category said, \"I painted musical instruments like tabla and veena among many colourful musical notes. I did not expect to win a prize at all. I am very happy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14877202", "title": "'Declare moratorium on agri-land diversion'", "text": "KOCHI: Social activist Medha Patkar on Friday demanded a moratorium on diversion of all forms of agricultural land for industrial and other non-agricultural purposes. Nearly 180 lakh hectares of agricultural land was diverted for non-agricultural purposes since 1990 in the country. This would have far-reaching consequences on the food security of the country, Medha told reporters on the sidelines of a function arranged to release the books authored by legal expert Kaleeswaram Raj.She appealed to all sections of the society to fight against state government's move to regularize reclamation of paddy fields till 2005. If we agree to one particular cut-off date, there will always be moves to extend this to further reclamations, she said.The act moved by the Kerala government in 2008 was expected to eliminate the possibility of paddy field reclamation. But the latest move of the government has crushed these hopes, Patkar lamented. Terming the Madhav Gadgil panel report on conservation of Western Ghats as landmark achievement, she said all sections of people should persuade the governments to implement the suggestions in the report.A Western Ghats authority, with jurisdiction cutting across the state borders, should be formed so that different states will not pursue their own agenda, Medha said. Acting Chief Justice of Kerala high court Manjula Chellur released the book 'The Spirit of Law' while Justice C N Ramachandran Nair released the Malayalam book 'Niyamathinappuram' (Beyond the Law).Kochi: Social activist Medha Patkar on Friday demanded a moratorium on diversion of all forms of agricultural land for industrial and other non-agricultural purposes.Nearly 180 lakh hectares of agricultural land was diverted for non-agricultural purposes since 1990 in the country. This would have far-reaching consequences on the food security of the country, Medha told reporters on the side lines of the function arranged to release of the books authored by legal expert Kaleeswaram Raj.She appealed to all sections in the society to fight against the move of the Kerala government to regularise reclamation of paddy fields till 2005. If we agree to one particular cut-off date, there will always be moves to extent to further reclamations, she said.The Act moved by the Kerala government in 2008 was expected to eliminate the possibility of paddy field reclamation. But the latest move of the government has crushed those hopes, Medha lamented.Terming the Madhav Gadgil panel report on conservation of Western Ghats as landmark achievement, she said all sections of people should persuade the governments to implement the suggestions in the report.A Western Ghats authority, with jurisdiction cutting across the state borders, should be formed so that different states will not pursue their own agenda, Medha said.Acting Chief Justice of Kerala High Court Manjula Chellur who released the book The Spirit of Law'' while Justice C N Ramachandran Nair, of the High Court released the Malayalam book 'Niyamathinappuram' (Beyond the Law).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14879635", "title": "Five arrests in a week in Burundi student case", "text": "JALANDHAR: With the arrest of seventh accused on Friday in the case of attack on Burundi student Yannick Nizhanga, police have arrested five accused within a week after media exposed the case and the chief minister issued clear instructions for tough action against the accused.This performance of police is in complete contrast to its earlier attitude and its claims that accused remained at large for over two months. This contrast in its functioning has exposed the fairness of the police. However, now it is coming out that the accused were not even staying away from their homes for fear of arrest as they were sure that police would not raid their places after their families had built up pressure for soft-pedaling the case.While two of the total nine accused were arrested a day after the attack, rest were roaming free since then. On record police had been saying that the accused were at large while they had been trying to arrest them. Sources revealed that the only time the accused ran away from their homes was a week back after the case was highlighted by media.The seventh accused, Banttu, hails from village Bhullarai near Phagwara, and is first cousin of brothers Sahildeep and Amandeep who are also the main accused in the case. He was arrested on Friday evening.The accused revealed to the police that it was another person from some African country with whom Sahildeep had an altercation. They have claimed that they mistook Yannick as the person who had the altercation and to whom Sahildeep and two others had chased to the place in Defense Colony where a Birthday party of African students was going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "14873820", "title": "Waste treatment plants for Goa by Dec: Francisco D' Souza", "text": "PORVORIM: Urban development minister Francisco D' Souza assured members of the house that the government will identify technology for setting up of a garbage treatment plant for the state of Goa.The minister also said that the government is examining a proposal of setting up one or two garbage treatment plants which can take care of garbage generated in rural and urban areas of Goa.\"The government is serious on the garbage issue and by December, technology will be finalized,\" D'Souza said.Members of the legislative assembly also said that garbage has adversely affected tourism in the coastal belt of Goa.Replying to the private member resolution moved by the Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte, D' Souza said that the government has received many proposals to set up a garbage treatment plant in the state. \"All technology will been compared and will be identified by the department of science, technology and environment,\" D' Souza said. The minister also informed the house that 14 municipalities have already identified a site for setting up of a garbage treatment plant and land acquisition is in process. \"Seven municipalities have already started garbage treatment facilities,\" D' Souza said.The minister also assured members of the house that all MLAs will be taken into confidence while setting up a garbage treatment plant.Khaunte, in the resolution, has said that the government should form a corporation for solid waste management for Goa and proposed that one of the secretaries to the government should head this corporation and eminent social workers, NGOs from Goa should be appointed as directors in the corporation. \"The MLA should be made chairman of the sub committees pertaining to their respective constituency,\" Khaunte said.Khaunte also said that it should be seen that the state is free from plastic and it has to move in that direction.\"We have to think how to encourage a plastic-free Goa,\" said Khaunte, adding that the idea to bring a resolution was to have a focus on how to solve the garbage problem in the state.Taking part in the discussion, Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral informed the house that he is ready to convince the people of Curchorem to allow setting up of a garbage treatment plant if the government convinces him and his people that the technology to be used will not create a stench from the waste.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said that due to the garbage problem in the coastal belt, tourists arriving from Germany have stopped visiting the state. Lobo said, \"At least in coastal constituencies, the garbage issue should be sorted out on priority.\"Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardessai said that the government should encourage locals to take up garbage management business. Sardesai also said that the government should charge tourists who produce garbage in the state with garbage tax as locals have to suffer.Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco said that the government should come up with a policy to acquire land in the village for garbage treatment facilities, which can solve the garbage issue.Taking part in the discussion, Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho said that the government should see that enough garbage is generated for setting up of a modern scientific garbage treatment plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14872910", "title": "Corporation to set up 20 fish markets in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Sea-fish lovers in the city may not have to stand under the sun covering their noises while shopping for their fish, prawns or lobster.The Chennai Corporation is planning to set up 20 fish markets across the city, and is in the process of identifying land for it.The fish markets are expected to be built with all modern facilities, including layered walls and adequate storage space. \"The mayor insists that the smell of fish and prawns should not permeate the wall disturbing other commercial establishments in the area. A refrigerator room will also be built to store fish and facility to dispose the waste will be set up,\" said an civic body official.The fish markets will be maintained by the corporation or a private agency, which will ensure that the waste is not dumped on the roads, he added.The markets are expected to be spacious, allowing traders and fish-sellers to market their goods in demarcated stalls, where customers can take a walk inside and buy the sea food of their choice.The authorities have so far identified a one-acre plot on Brick Kiln Road in Otteri. The corporation zonal officer inspected the spot and found it suitable. \"We did not want to choose a place surrounded by residential areas, because a market would invite large crowds and transporting vehicles, and may generate a smell,\" said a source in the corporation. The site is located in a commercial area with shops on both sides. This market is expected to cater to residents of Kilpauk, Purasawalkam, Ayanavaram and Chetpet.Other zonal officers have been instructed to scout for vacant spaces in their area. \"We are identifying areas that need a fish market in the neighbourhood,\" said a corporation official. There are four popular fish markets in the city \u2014 Chintadripet, Saidapet, Vanagaram and Pattalam.The desision was taken after a Kasimedu-based fishermen's association submitted a petition to the chief minister's cell and the mayor requesting them to set up a fish market with good storage facilities., instead of the ice buckets on the road. \"The markets in Chintadripet, Saidapet and Nungambakkam among others are owned by private people, who are now demanding a much higher rent and driving us out. So, we requested a good hygienic place to market our goods,\" says the president of the Chennai Fish Traders Association, M S Badruddin. While fish sellers across the board welcomed the decision, they said strict action is needed to make fishermen step into a building.They said they are even willing to pay a small rent or agree to a price ceiling fixed by the civic body as long as they get a shop. \"We are educated and want good surroundings. We will try co-ordinating with other associations and agree with all their regulations if they keep their words,\" promises Sheriff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14892138", "title": "Biometric system of attendence for schoolchildren in Jhajjar", "text": "ROHTAK: In a first of its kind initiative in the country, the Jhajjar district administration has decided to introduce biometric system for registering the attendance of all the schoolchildren in government schools of the district. The portable GPS fitted biometric machines would be made available in all the 250 villages of the district which would cover government schools as well as the anangwari centers for attendance of children. This system would help the administration to put a check of the fake enrollment in the government schools and also to provide exact data for implementing various government funded schemes like mid day meal, scholarships and distribution of books etc. The deputy commissioner Ajit Balaji Joshi informed the TOI that he hoped to operationalise the system by next month. \"We will be able to get exact number of enrollments and the daily attendance in schools.Entire data would be uploaded on the website of the district administration daily\", DC said. Claiming that Jhajjar would become the first district in the country to introduce biometric attendance system for students, the DC stated that this project had been envisaged with the objective to implement various schemes like mid day meal and scholarship in a better way. District education officer Sadhu Ram Rohilla informed that in the first phase all the middle , high and secondary schools would be covered and later the primary schools would also be included in it.\"We have approximately 50 thousand students studying in around 500 government schools in the district. The administration has also planned to cover the private schools in the rural areas. The DEO informed, \"The concerned staff would be imparted training for handling the machine. Then, the machines would get master-prints of thumb impression of all the children\", he said. The Haryana education department had also introduced biometric system for attendance of teaching and non teaching staff in government schools a two years back which is still facing hassles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872211", "title": "Karnataka government to go for cloud seeding to get artificial rain", "text": "BANGALORE: Faced with unprecedented water scarcity and failure of monsoon, the state government has decided to go for cloud seeding to get artificial rain in the next 15-20 days. CM Jagadish Shettar on Friday said the government had already sought a report from experts of Pune based Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology to find out the possible reasons for the absence of pre-monsoon showers and how far cloud seeding is viable.Meanwhile, the CM said he has asked the officials to work out the cost involved in the cloud seeding process and come out with a report shortly so that the government can go for it on an experimental basis.Karnataka had conducted cloud seeding experiments in the past but the exercise did not yield the desired results. But still we want to go for it considering the worsening situation in the state,'' Shettar added.Be ready with contingency planIn view of the delayed monsoon, Shettar has asked all DCs to prepare contingency plans to handle any untoward situations and announced Rs one crore for 123 drought-hit taluks for immediate relief measures and a special grant of Rs 40 for urban areas to resolve drinking water problem. About 701 extremely drought affected villages will be supplied water with 1,000 tankers,'' he added.CM said during May there had been a 65% deficit in rainfall. In June the shortage was 37%. Sowing activity was expected in 74.70 lakh hectares in the state, but it was being done only in 10.88 lakh hectares.* Shettar reviewed the drought situation in 23 districts with top district administration officials through video conferencing,* State government has so far released Rs 2,193 crore for relief works and Rs 1,736 crore spent.* State submitted two memorandums to the Centre seeking Rs 6,215 crore assistance, only Rs 352.58 crore had been released.* Fodder to be sold to farmers at 50 % subsidy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14873575", "title": "Horticulture chief sows idea in own pad", "text": "MAPUSA: He may be a first-time member of the legislative assembly, but Kiran Kandolkar appears to have mastered a nuance of being an MLA-ensuring projects take off from one's own constituency.On Friday, the Goa State Horticulture Corporation Ltd chairman told TOI that he plans to set up a depot for vegetable packing-a project of the corporation-in his constituency, Tivim.Explaining that the vegetable suppliers from Belgaum who currently supply to the corporation's outlets also pack the produce, Kandolkar said this has led to \"several complaints about quality\".\"We plan to set up the depot for vegetable packing in Tivim, where 30-40 people will get employment,\" Kandolkar said. He added that the packing will initially be run on a trial basis for the corporation's outlets in Pernem, Bardez and Bicholim talukas.\"If the vegetables do not match the quality requirement, they will be rejected and sent back so that quality control can be achieved,\" Kandolkar said. He added that if the project is successful it will be implemented across the state.The corporation chairman said land for the packing depot has been identified and a proposal has been sent to the government for land acquisition.Alleging that during his predecessor's tenure, kiosks were allotted without proper verification of documents, Kandolkar said, \"About 750-800 applications are pending with the corporation. They will be cancelled and the applicants will have to apply afresh.\"He claimed the irregularities were identified when the applications were sorted out. \"The application forms for kiosk-allotment were faulty. They were like a photograph, with few details, giving scope for manipulations,\" alleged Kandolkar.Claiming to have received complaints that several allotted kiosks are sublet, including to non-Goans, Kandolkar said, \"We found that many outlets are in the names of bureaucrats' wives and mothers. An inquiry is on.\"\"Under the previous application form we were unable to identify whether the applicant was a Goan or not. The new application forms will be issued on July 18 with modifications which will check irregularities,\" Kandolkar said. Pointing out that the government spends 1.5 crore every month on the corporation providing vegetables at subsidised rates, the chairman said, \"We will ensure that the scheme reaches the Goan public, especially its unemployed youth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14871149", "title": "How Sunita Williams's dream lifted off", "text": "On eve of her odyssey, the record-breaking space traveller reveals that she nearly became a vetIndian-American astronaut Sunita Williams - in whose Gujarati roots the state feels stellar pride - is ready for her next space odyssey. The blast-off of her spaceship, scheduled for July 14, has galvanized her fans across the world, especially in Ahmedabad, into joining the countdown. Williams holds three records for women space travellers: longest spaceflight (195 days), most number of spacewalks (four), and total time spent on spacewalks (29 hours and 17 minutes). Yet, just days before her departure, Williams revealed in a fascinating account that her tryst with the cosmos was an unplanned foray.\"Becoming an astronaut was a little bit of happenstance,\" said Williams, whose latest space voyage will start from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. \"Some people have always wanted to be astronauts since their childhood. I never thought it was possible. I mean, I grew up in a family with a dad who immigrated from India, and my mother who was an X-ray technician at a hospital.\" Williams said her parents had met when her father was going through residency and there was nothing in her past that had any intimations of space travel.\"Though I watched \" Star Trek \" and stuff when I was little, [space] just wasn't a topic in our household,\" she said. \"It was more about medicine. I loved animals and wanted to be a vet. And then my brother went to the Naval Academy and my sister to Smith College.\" Williams is the youngest child.Even as Williams was weighing her career options, her brother offered a suggestion. \"The plans of being a veterinarian were put on the side as my brother talked me into going to the Naval Academy,\" she said. \"He did so because I like outdoorsy things and he knew he could hook me with that. He said, 'Suni, you get to jump out of airplanes and do parachuting and go camping'. And I fell into that.\" So there she was at the Naval Academy learning how to march. She said the experience was a little bit of a surprise for her, but she blended in quickly. \"I ended up being a helicopter pilot and had the opportunity to go to Test Pilot School,\" Williams said, whose test piloting course began in 1993. \"And that was the very first time it even dawned on me that this was a pathway to be an astronaut because we are able to come down to Johnson Space Center for tours.\"It was in this period that she met John Young, the ninth person to walk on the moon as the commander of the Apollo 16 mission, in 1972. \"He talked about landing on the moon and about using a vertical landing system,\" she said. \"That sounded like helicopters, so I thought, wow, maybe I have what it takes to be an astronaut if I get my master's degree.\" So it was not until her mid-20s that she thought seriously about space. In the end, Williams recognized the similarities between a test pilot and an astronaut. \"You have a vehicle, and not only just a physical vehicle but also biomedical experiments,\" she said. \"It's all the same type of thing where there's a test plan, a program which has a review, you do the tests, you come back, feed results to make the programs better and better. And so it just actually seemed like it was the perfect fit after I figured it out.\"Needham, Massachusetts, is the hometown of Williams. She has great pride and affection for it. Of her early days she said: \"My brother and sister and I were swimmers, we swam at Harvard University on a club team there and we were known as the Indian swimmers.\" She noted that Pandya was not such a common name back then. Her father's name is Deepak Pandya.In Kazakhstan, Williams was thrilled to visit the museum inside the cosmodrome. \"Wonderful people there with just amazing facts about the space program and its history,\" she said. The home built for Yuri Gagarin - the first human to visit outer space - still stands in the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14871522", "title": "State government to rope in new consultant for international stadium", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government on Friday cancelled the contract agreement with the consultant which was entrusted with the job to assess the feasibility of the ambitious international sports complex proposed at Sultanpur Road.Sources said that the housing department has asked the Lucknow Development Authority to appoint a consultant afresh before the project is piloted. LDA in 2009, had appointed US-based Deloitte consultants to examine the feasibility of the project and come up with a broad framework within which the facility was to come up. The move had come within months after the then Mayawati government hammered down the Gomtinagar stadium to pave way for extension of Ambedkar memorial, evoking sharp criticism from people.It is now learnt that the LDA is planning to allocate 50 acres of the existing 130 acres land available in Ardaunamau village to the sports complex, while the rest may be used for a grand housing-cum-commercial complex. The new consultant, sources said, will be asked to submit a report within six months, probably by the year end. The LDA will subsequently go for a bidding process before a developer is finalised. Official sources said that a deadline of March 2013 is being looked upon.LDA officials said that the new consultant would be asked to examine all the crucial aspects before it is set on an execution mode. \"The facility is very much on the cards. We hope to give it a final shape soon,\" said LDA vice-chairman, Rajnish Dubey. He said that besides cricket, the complex will house facilities for other sports also.Interestingly, scheme of things are somewhat similar to what was proposed by the Mayawati government, when LDA allowed the builders to form a consortium to set up a sports complex as well as a housing/commercial complex. The project, however, remained a non-starter raising many eyebrows on the state government.Dubey said that the sports complex is proposed to have a capacity of around 50,000 people at any given point of time. Though the cost of the project is yet to be finalised, it is estimated to come up at a cost of around Rs 400 crore. The demand for an international stadium has always been felt by city residents, even though the BSP government set up two smaller versions of stadiums in Gomtinagar - one at Vinay Khand and the other at Vijayant Khand. But they did not match with the aspirations of the people, even as the proposal to set up a stadium of international class gathered dust. The demand got an added intensity after cricketer RP Singh met UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to get the project executed.Significantly, this the second important project after an IT city, which the Samajwadi Party government seeks to give shape at Sultanpur Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14870515", "title": "Maoists torch vehicle in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: Maoists torched a vehicle engaged in road construction and assaulted two persons in Rayagada district early on Friday. Around 40 Red rebels swooped down on the camp of a contractor at Bodocheka village within Rayagada police limits around 4 am and set a vehicle used in road construction on fire. The Red rebels assaulted the site supervisor and driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14872774", "title": "Navy allows more intelnational flights from Vizag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Navy officials have finally agreed to extend the hours of operations of local airport by three more hours to accommodate international services to Visakhapatnam. The development was a result of Union minister D Purandeswari's interaction with Eastern Naval Command chief Anil Chopra here on Friday. She requested the ENC chief to extend airport timings for another three hours thrice a week to facilitate international services. At present, flights at the airport are allowed to operate between 8 am and 8 pm. The navy officials have now said that international flights can be allowed to land till 11 pm.Silk Air of Singapore has showed interest to run a direct flight from Visakhapatnam to Singapore and had requested the navy officials to give them permission to land their aircraft in Vizag at 10 pm. However, with the navy officials not responding, the airline was forced to cancel its road shows for introducing the flight.The ENC chief said that in principle, the navy has no objection to the proposal provided the manpower was made available.The ENC chief has reportedly told Purandareswari that if AAI provides man power on contract basis, they have no objection to extend the hours.He reportedly said that the Navy will extend all logistical support to the airport authorities, the Union Minister office said.However, the AAI is yet to receive the written consent from the concerned authorities, sources said.Operated by the Indian Navy, the Visakhapatnam airport has been seeking an extension of its operation timings for the last several years. But the navy had been rejecting the same on the grounds that it does not have sufficient man power to monitor the round the clock operations in the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14872111", "title": "Kids caned for raising voice against teacher", "text": "MALDA: Furious that an entire class had complained against him, a teacher in a Malda school stormed into the classroom with a cane and allegedly whipped the kids in a frenzy on Thursday.Thirty students of Class VI were injured, five of them were so badly hurt that they had to skip class on Friday.The incident occurred at Ramnagar Gayeswari Pyaribhushan Bidyaniketan in Kaliachak. A complaint has been lodged with the district inspector of schools, and the principal has called a meeting with the guardians on Saturday.The school has around 1,200 students and 17 teachers. Students had been complaining against history teacher Ashutosh Mandal for quite some time now, say sources. They alleged that Mandal was very irregular and hardly came to class. He would get angry the moment students asked him questions.After Sourav Mitra took over as the principal of the school last year, he had asked students to rate their teachers. He had also told them to write to him without fear if they had any complaints against the teachers.On July 11, 30 students of Class VI wrote to the principal, complaining about Mandal's irregularity and urging him to look into the matter.On Thursday, too, the teacher did not arrive in class on time. After waiting for 15 minutes, the students trooped down to the principal's office. Mitra then summoned Mandal to his chamber and had a word with him.Furious with the students for having complained against him, Mandal allegedly stormed into the classroom with a cane and started beating the students.Some of the victims told TOI that they were horrified at the way Mandal whipped them. \"Our cries for mercy had no effect on him,\" said a student. All 30 children were injured. Mandal's rage continued till the period got over, say sources.Weeping with pain and shock, the children went back to the principal's office to complain. Five students - Sayem Sheikh, Jakir Hossain, Safiqul Sheikh, Bajiul Sheikh and Tarique Sheikh - were so severely injured that they could not attend school on Friday.\"On July 11, the students complained against Mandal. I summoned him on Thursday and requested him to take classes regularly. But he ignored the appeal. Instead, he resorted to corporal punishment,\" said Mitra, adding that the accused teacher will be present during a meeting with the guardians on Saturday.DI Parthasarathi Jha said: \"We have asked the principal to meet us. The teacher has broken the law by beating up the students. If our investigation finds him guilty, he will have to face the consequences.\"Mandal did not report to school on Friday.Students rated their teachers and complained against him to the Principal. But that could not please the latter. Miffed teacher tried to teach them a lesson by beating them severely. At least five of the students were so injured that they had to skip the school next day. Sensation was created with the incident at Ramnagar Gayeswari Pyaribhushan Bidyaniketan at Kaliachak-3 block. Complaint was lodged to District Inspector of Schools (DI) and a meeting of the guardians was convened.The school at village Ramnagar has 1200 odd students and 17 teachers. The students for long had complained against History teacher Ashutosh Mandal who allegedly was irregular in taking class. If questioned on any topic, Mandal got angry with the students. Sourav Mitra, took over as Principal of this school last year. Taking the charge he asked the students to rate their teachers in writing and if there was any complaint against any of them, they should write it to himself. Accordingly, on 11th July, 30 students of Class VI wrote to the Principal about Mandal. They alleged of his irregularity and urged the Principal to look into the matter.Mithun Mandal and Rubel Sk of Class VI informed that on Thursday, Mandal did not go their class in the scheduled period. When after 15 minutes the teacher did not enter their class, they informed it to the Principal. After that Principal called Mandal at his chamber and had a talk to him. They did not know about the conversation, but getting out of Principal's chamber Mandal entered the classroom with a cane stick at his hand. He allegedly had beaten 25-30 students severely for long. The students screamed in pain but that too could not deter Mandal. After the class this incident too was informed to Mitra.At least 5 students of village Suknagar---Sayem Sk, Jakir Hossain, Safiqul Sk, Bajiul Sk and Tarique Sk were severely injured and could not attend school today. Principal conceded the fact, \"On 11th July the students first complained against Mandal. Following this Mandal was yesterday called by me and requested to take his class regularly. But he ignored the appeal and took on the students with corporal punishment\", Mitra said. He further informed that a guardians' meeting was convened at school tomorrow where the accused teacher was asked to be present. However, the angry guardians like Sukumar Mandal was in no mood to let the teacher off scot free.DI Parthasarathi Jha said, \"The Principal had informed me about the incident. We have asked him to meet us personally. The teacher has evidently broken the law by beating the students. We've to enquire and the teacher if found guilty would have to face the consequence.\" Mandal, meanwhile, has chosen to play truant to the school today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14873907", "title": "Thousands appear in ITI entrance test", "text": "KANPUR: The entrance examination for seeking admission in ITI was held at 73 centres here on Friday. As many as 37,779 students appeared in the examination.The examination was held in two shifts from 9 am to 11.30 am and 2 pm to 4.30 pm. Tight security arrangements were made. The students were thoroughly checked. The admit cards were also checked before allowing them in the examination halls.Around 350 students were given the admit cards in ITI before the commencement of the first shift. Several examinees could not appear because they could not get admit cards.The examinees said that examination was tough and the questions puzzled them. But there were many who said that they found the questions based on mathematics and physics easy.There was heavy rush on the roads after the examination. Road jams were seen at several places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14874651", "title": "MANIT students running training, placement cell", "text": "BHOPAL: A group of students of Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) has been handling training and placement cell of the institute for past many years. Supported by the college management, they carry out placement activities every year. This year campus placement will start from July 15.MANIT media in-charge Vinita Mohindra said it is good for students as they have the opportunity of direct interaction with the companies.The success of the training and placement cell of MANIT could be gauged from the fact that last year in few branches each student had two job opportunities. Every year, MANIT witnesses 80-85% campus placements.\"This is a unique approach in MANIT which has been successfully implemented. Since the responsibility of training and placement has been delegated to students, the results have been quite encouraging,\" student coordinator of training and placement cell, Prabhakaran said.Final year student of computer science, he said: \"Students have also been keenly involved in such activities as it is the matter of their career.\"When asked about the working process, Prabhakaran said like any other training and placement cell they approach different companies. \"We approach companies. We convince them to conduct campus placement in our institute. We have to take care of HR people also coming to our institute,\" he said.Another member of the training and placement cell, Sudhanshu Masand said such activities help student learn several practical things. \"On several occasions, we have to face rejection from the companies. Such practical situations help us learn presentation techniques and solutions to face problems,\" said Sudhanshu, a final year student of electronics and communication.Talking about the training and placement cell, mechanical final year student Dheeraj Nagwe said: \"Every branch is being handled by a student. He along with his team takes care of entire placement activity,\" said Dheeraj, student of mechanical branch of training and placement cell.However, he added that faculties keep a tab on the activity and help students whenever they face any problem.Aruna Saxena is there to guide them and help whenever they face any problem. \"Her guidance and our efforts help students get better job opportunities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14871187", "title": "Villagers clash with police over relief for airport land", "text": "RANCHI: A group of villagers who are likely to be evicted for the proposed expansion of the airport clashed with police here on Friday. Over 200 Rapid Action Force (RAF) personnel were deployed at the site when the agitators tried to stop the passengers on their way to catch planes.Organized under the banner of the Birsa Munda Airport Visthapit Morcha (BMAVM), the agitators blocked the main road leading to the airport. They demanded that people facing displacement because of airport expansion be compensated adequately. Rehabilitation, jobs, and development of their villages were among other demands. The agitators wanted the Ranchi district administration to quash an order of 2006 that notified the acquisition of their 373 acres of land in the neighborhood of the airport.\"The government had notified the land in 2006 but the villagers have been paying land tax for the same land until recently. The villagers claim that they have never agreed to sell their land and the district administration has forcibly acquired the land,\" BMAVM secretary Prakash Toppo said.In 1941-42, the British government had acquired 450 acres to construct the airport. The villagers claim that the compensation for it is yet to be paid. In 1962-63 again, the central government acquired 60 acres. The villagers say that the compensation for it has been paid. For the expansion of the airport, the Jharkhand government acquired 373 acres in 2006 which the residents of Hinoo, Hundru, Hetu, Hastand, Katte Toli and Chandadhansi villages described as \"forceful\".On Wednesday, a delegation of villagers called on Ranchi deputy commissioner to put forth their demands. Vinay Kumar Choubey, who took over recently as DC, has sought some time to address the issue.Ranchi SDO Shekhar Jamuar said the administration would look into the issue of compensation. \"It will be sorted out in a peaceful manner,\" he said. On a number of occasions, the villagers resorted to protests outside the airport causing inconvenience to the passengers.In the evening, a delegation submitted a memorandum to Ranchi airport director Raju Raghavendra Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14870521", "title": "Reds accuse govt of breaking promises", "text": "KORAPUT: Nearly three months after abducted Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka's release from their captivity, Maoists, through a letter to a local press club on Thursday night, accused the state government of not fulfilling its promises made in exchange for the tribal MLA's freedom.The two-page letter, written in Telugu, is signed by one of its leaders who identified herself as Aruna. \"The government is adopting double standards. Though it had promised to free jailed tribals during the release of the MLA, it has failed to do so. Moreover, the government has intensified night patrolling by security personnel belonging to SOG, BSF and COBRA and has arrested as many as 15 tribals in the past one month from Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon areas,\" the letter reads.The letter also sought an explanation from media persons and politicians on why they remained silent about harassment of tribals in the hands of security personnel. \"Tribals often sleep in their farmlands in night to keep watch on their crops. Security personnel are arresting them from there,\" the letter alleged.Besides, the letter urged police informers and home guards not to help police in combing operations and asked them to change their anti-people attitude. \"We appeal to youths who act as police informers to stand by the people and not help the police ,\" it read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "14879721", "title": "Irate mob attacks runaway couple, cops", "text": "AMBALA: Cops had a tough time rescuing a runaway couple and their families from being attacked by a mob, allegedly instigated by dictate from a dalit khap, on Thursday night in Ambala. The recue operation in Ravidass Basti lasted till early hours of Friday and the process assistant commissioner of police (ACP) Raj Kumar Walia, two cops, and sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) Mukesh Ahuja suffered injuries.While the residents alleged that police used force to disperse the crowd and even attacked women, deputy commissioner of police (DCP) Simardeep Singh denied the claim. Inquiries revealed that the same gotra marriage of Sandeep Kumar and Manju, residents of the same area, had invited the ire of the dalit panchayat in March this year. Fearing threat to their lives, the couple had moved the Punjab and Haryana high court and were provided security by the police.The couple had shifted to Mohali but when they returned to Sandeep's residence in Ambala on Thursday, they were confronted by the residents. Sensing trouble, Sandeep's family approached the police, who set up a makeshift post there. But, undeterred by the presence of cops, a mob attacked the two families at around 11 pm on Thursday. As police vehicles could not enter into the narrow lanes, cops had to walk some distance to reach Sandeep's residence. The irate mob pelted stones at the cops and the family. The couple were asked to leave the place, but when they refused, things worsened and police had to escort the couple out.DCP Simardeep Singh said: \"Security has been increased in the are and a control room has been set up in the deputy commissioner's office in Ambala. The couple was moved to a safe location, but it took five hours to control the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jaipur ", "code": "14873915", "title": "Panel finds encroachments in catchment areas of most water bodies", "text": "JAIPUR : A two-member monitoring committee comprising senior advocate Virendra Dangi and advocate A K Bhargav on Friday submitted before the high court a detailed report relating to the encroachments in the catchment areas of Bisalpur dam, Anasagar and Faye Sagar of Ajmer, Kalakh dam of Jobner.According to the report, there is no encroachment only in the catchment area of Bisalpur dam though the committee found a large number of anicuts but all of them were below the prescribed height of two meters. A large number of plantation was also found in the area.In Ajmer, the committee found sprawling slums in the catchment areas of Anasagar and even a mall was found constructed in the catchment bed. The committee also found encroachment in the dam area in Jobner near Jaipur.During their visit to Ramghar Dam, the panel members found illegal excavation of sand from the dried water bed. They asked the authorities to register an FIR against two tractor owners who were found taking sand from the dam water bed.Virendra Dangi, senior member of monitoring committee, brought it to the notice of the court that while hearing a suo motu petition on encroachment in the catchment of Ramgarh dam, it has been found that not only allotments have been made but also encroachments have been regularized despite implementation of Section 16 of Rajasthan Tenancy Act, 1955 which bars allotment of any land of water bodies to any private persons.The government had claimed that a large number of allotments made in such areas have been cancelled and a reference for cancellation has been made to the revenue board of Ajmer. On Friday, Justice Munishwar Nath Bhandari asked the state government to file the details of the reference made to Revenue Board for cancellation of such allotments by July 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14876732", "title": "Committee to probe into ragging incident", "text": "INDORE: Acting on the ragging complaint, Daly College authorities suspended the student for 15 days, and constituted a three-member enquiry committee on Friday to investigate the matter.The committee will submit its report in 10 days time. The report will be submitted to disciplinary committee of the school, whose members will decide the action against the accused.K S Kapasiya, public information officer of the school, said, \"An enquiry committee has been constituted to probe into the incident. Report is likely to get tabled on Monday, based on which action will be taken.\" According to the sources, the student may face rustication if the enquiry committee proves the charges levied on the student who allegedly ragged 10-12 students of class X on last Saturday. The incident came to light when few parents lodged complaint with the school authorities in this connection. However, no police complaint has been lodged so far in the case.As per the sources, the incident took place at Vikram house. Raj Rai, a student of class 11, had allegedly beaten nearly 10 students of class X staying in the same hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "14871409", "title": "Agni-1 test fired from Wheeler Island", "text": "BALASORE: The Army on Friday successfully test fired the nuclear-capable Agni-I ballistic missile as part of its user trial operation from a test range off the Odisha coast.\"The trial of Agni-I missile conducted from the Integrated Test Range at Wheeler Island was successful. It met the mission objectives,\" ITR director M V K V Prasad said.The surface-to-surface missile, powered by solid propellants, was test fired from a mobile launcher around 10.10 am from launch pad-4 of the ITR at Wheeler Island, about 100 km from Balasore, a defence scientist said.Describing the launch as a routine user's trial by the strategic force command of the Indian Army, he said the main objective was to train the user team to launch the missile. \"It was a practice drill. The user-team picked a missile at random from the production lot and fired it with logistic support provided by Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) at ITR,\" he said.The trajectory of the missile, with an operational strike range of 700 km, was tracked by sophisticated radars and electro-optic telemetry stations located along the sea coast and ships positioned near the impact point in the downrange area. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14871439", "title": "Heavy rainfall leaves behind waterlogged streets in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: A brief spell of heavy rain that lashed the city on Friday afternoon once again exposed the state of drainage system and underlined the anguish of urban development minister Azam Khan , who, on Thursday, had directed the municipal authorities to remove encroachments over the drains. Almost every locality where it rained witnessed heavy waterlogging. In Rajajipuram, while choked drainage system led to waterlogging, bad roads added to the miseries of residents. The area also remained without power for more than three hours.\"It becomes difficult for us to go out, even after the rain stops. I can't understand why no measures are being taken up,\" said Usha Singh, a housewife.Dr Pradeep Kumar, another resident, claimed that half an hour of rain make the situation worse. And then, there is filthy water entering our homes, he rued.Similar situation was seen in Mahanagar, where poor civic conditions, arising out of waterlogging and poor conditions of roads, hit the residents. \"We have been complaining about the problem of waterlogging for the past many years to the authorities concerned. But our concerns appears to have fallen on deaf ears,'' said Neera Rastogi, housewife and a resident of Mahanagar.Heavy waterlogging was also reported from Vishal Khand in Gomtinagar. Commuters driving through the locality were trapped as their vehicles got stuck in the rainwater. Slushy and potholed roads aggravated the problem of commuters. People waded through the filthy rainwater. \"The choked drains has made the area very dirty. It has increased the chances of getting infected to many diseases,\" said Anuj Tewari, a lawyer. Another resident, Mala Shukla said, \"Suspending the officers did not stop waterlogging in the city. They should improve the condition of drains.\"The situation worsened in Viram Khand where a sewer overflowed. \"This, despite our repeated reminders to the municipal officials,\" said 72-year old Ramji Lal, a resident of Viram Khand.In Aliganj, choked drains and potholed roads were largely evident in Sectors K, Q and Chandralok colony. The bad roads added to the miseries of the residents. Rain spelled trouble for them as the area remained without electricity for more than six hours. People found it difficult to wade through the muddy and semi-constructed roads. Residents were seen evacuating rain water from their houses.Waterlogging was also reported from localities in and around Hazratganj. Traffic situation too went for a toss after waterlogging on Rana Pratap Marg and Sapru Marg. In fact, many four-wheelers too got stuck in the water that got accumulated because of a faulty drainage network. \"If such is the condition of prominent localities what will one expect in the other areas,\" asked Atul Chaudhari, a marketing professional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871642", "title": "6th cutoff list out, BCom(H) still available", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University announced the sixth cutoff list for admissions on Friday. Though this list is seen as primarily for OBC candidates, courses like BCom (honours), are still open for general category candidates, in colleges like IP, Ramjas, Sri Venkateswara, Ram Lal Anand and Satyawati (evening).For OBC candidates, seats are available in colleges like Hans Raj, Hindu, Kirori Mal, Lady Shri Ram, Ramjas, Ram Lal Anand, Deen Dayal, Kamla Nehru and Sri Venkateswara, among others, in humanities and commerce streams.For general category candidates, BCom (honours) is open in five colleges with the lowest cutoff being 91% at Ram Lal Anand and BA (honours) economics is open in only Kirori Mal College, with a cutoff of 92% to 96.99%. BA is open in just six colleges.The university has notified that no vacant OBC seats will be converted into general category seats. The sixth list, in fact, offers a realistic chance of securing a seat in one of the sought-after courses in 'popular' colleges.At the end of the fifth cutoff list, Sri Venkateswara college had 85 vacant seats and Kamla Nehru College had 140 vacant seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14889983", "title": "Deependra propels Kangaroos into JPL last four", "text": "JAIPUR: Deependra Singh shone with a 62-run knock as Kangaroos beat the Panthers by eight wickets to enter the semifinals of the Jaipur Premier League at the K L Saini stadium in Mansarovar.The other match of the day between Lions and Tigers was washed out which paved way for Rhinos to sneak into the semifinal.Both Rhinos and Panthers finished at par with eight points but Rhinos had a better run rate of 0.525 against 0.301 of the panthers.A big victory in the match against Lions could have made the race more interesting but rain played spoilsport.Mustangs finished at the top with 16 points while Kangaroos (12) were placed second. Lions (10) and Rhinos (8) grabbed the other two semifinal berths. Panthers (8) and Tigers were ousted from the race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14873969", "title": "'BJP's drought management will be questioned'", "text": "MYSORE: The way the BJP government has handled drought will be the key point for the JD(S) to take on the ruling dispensation.Asking the government not to postpone the legislative session scheduled to begin from July 16, the JD(S)LP leader H D Revanna said on Friday that the party will corner the government over the way the drought issue has been handled. The government should waive farm loans and focus on the problems faced by the farming community, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14872085", "title": "Farmer suicides not linked to debt burden: Govt report", "text": "KOLKATA: In its report to the West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC), the government has stated that most of the farmer deaths in the state were neither linked to debt burden nor non-availability of the minimum price for their produce.On Friday, Calcutta high court admitted a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) on alleged farmer suicides in Bengal and asked central and state governments to file affidavits. The case will be heard after four weeks.The commission had inquired about the death of 12 farmers who committed suicide last year. In his report, chief secretary Samar Ghosh stated that the exact reason behind the death of the farmers could not be ascertained. However, family members of these farmers had alleged that the suicides were linked to debt burden and their failure to get minimum price.Ghosh had asked the agriculture secretary to probe the cases and enclosed his report to the WBHRC. The government stated cases of seven farmers and tried to prove their point. The report clarified that the death of Santosh Ghosh of Burdwan was not linked with agrarian reasons. \"Amiya Saha of Memari, Burdwan was suffering from neurological problem and depression for over two years,\" the report says.Rabindranath Patra of Burdwan, once again, had taken a loan of Rs 5,000 for agriculture. But, he was involved in illicit liquor case. So, in his case it is not a direct debt-related suicide. However, in the case of Susanta Ghosh of Galsi, Burdwan, he had a huge family loan to the tune of over Rs 2 lakh. But his family members had informed that there was no problem in selling paddy. So in this case, too, the state government is inconclusive about debt trap, the report argues.\"Ganesh Durlabh of Haripal, Hooghly died due to non-agrarian reasons. Arino Mal of Rampurhat, Birbhum, was a liquor addict and had family problems,\" the report says.However, Malda's Haridas Ratna, who owned 21 to 22 bighas of land, had taken a loan of Rs 2.35 lakh from money lenders to buy a tractor. His wife complained that he did not get due price of paddy and killed himself after money lenders pressurized him to pay them back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14875803", "title": "Panel suggests Rs 399 cr revenue hike in budget", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Friday revised the budget estimates submitted by the former municipal commissioner P Velrasu for 2012-13 by suggesting measures to increase the revenue of the civic body by Rs 399 crore. The panel's suggestion has increased the civic budget from Rs 1,170 crore to Rs 1,569 crore.The measures suggested by the committee included a hike of Rs 20 crore in the revenue collected from buildings that was originally projected at Rs 70 crore. taking the revenue to Rs 90 crore.On hoardings, the panel suggested hike in taxes that would increase the revenue from Rs 56 lakh to Rs 15 crore.On revenue earned from open spaces and commercial spaces, the panel hiked the taxes to increase the revenue by Rs 14.75 crore that will increase the revenue from Rs 25 crore to Rs 39.75 crore. On revenue earned from building plans, the panel suggested a Rs 1 crore hike, taking the revenue from Rs 5 crore to Rs 6 crore.The panel also suggested hike in penalty levied on encroachments and unauthorized structures by Rs 11 crore, that would increase the revenue of the civic body from Rs 25 crore to Rs 36 crore.The committee has presumed that the NMC would get Rs 195 crore as compensation from the National Highways Authority of India that is handling the widening of the highway widening and the service roads. The panel said that it would move the court if the compensation was denied. It has also projected a revenue of Rs 30 crore as royalty on water from Indiabulls at that is executing the SEZ at Sinnar.Revenue from fire tax has also been increased by Rs 50 lakh taking the revenue from Rs 30 lakh to Rs 80 lakh.The commissioner had advocated a loan of Rs 200 crore for the civic body in the budget on which the standing committee has suggested a hike of Rs 100 crore, increasing the that would increase the loan amount to Rs 300 crore.The committee has suggested levying of charges to earn revenue of Rs 100 crore per annum from 24 properties to be developed by the NMC for commercial purposes on BOT basis.On water tax, the panel has suggested a hike of Rs 15 crore, taking the revenue from Rs 46 crore to Rs 61 crore. It has also suggested a hike of Rs 8 crore on road damage charges, increasing the revenue projection from Rs 10 crore to Rs 18 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14872499", "title": "Dental college gets latest tomography machine", "text": "NAGPUR: Dental patients can now expect much better results and more complex dental surgeries, dental implant procedures and diagnosis of jaw bone diseases at the Government Dental College and Hospital (GDCH). The college has procured a state of the art 3-D 'Cone Beam Computerized Tomography' ( CBCT) machine at a cost of Rs80 lakh. Funded by the District Development and Planning Committee (DPDC), the machine can be used for both, treatment and diagnostic, purposes.This is the second such machine in Maharashtra in the government set up. The first was formally inaugurated at the Mumbai GDCH on Wednesday by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. However, the machine at Nagpur GDCH will become functional only by mid-August as construction work of the special room as per the standards of the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre is still not complete.\"The machine has reached the college. But it will be possible to install it only by first or second week of August, when construction work is completed and equipment can be installed. Once the machine is functional it will be a big tool to improve quality of surgeries, implant procedures, alignment of teeth and diagnosis of bone related diseases in the jaws,\" said GDCH dean Dr Vinay Hazarey. He also pointed out that the new scan will give an impetus to research in the college, as it will help them study difficult cases and develop better methods to deal with various diseases related to teeth.All praise for the DPDC, the dean said the equipment will go a long way in providing better services to dental patients. The machine's 3-D image of the portion being scanned will enable surgeons to give more satisfaction and quality treatment to the patient.Head of oral medicine and radiology, associate professor Dr Subhash Kumbhare, sees the new imagining machine as a shot in the arm for the institute, as it will help handle more patients due to faster diagnosis. \"It will make diagnosis and treatment more precise and accurate. The radiation beam used in the process is so focused and directed that it minimizes exposure to radiation. It also helps surgeons keep track of the nerve roots in the teeth,\" he said. It also protects technicians and relatives from the radiation, since the beam can be directly focused on just one tooth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14874604", "title": "Centre hikes cash award for surrendered Maoists by 15 times", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of its reward and punishment tactics in containing Maoist insurgents, the Centre sharply hiked its contribution to the cash award for those who surrender with such Red ultras now likely to receive between Rs 3 to 5 lakh for coming over ground.In a bid to nudge states into following suit, the Centre increased its share of the financial contribution for cash awards by 15 times from the existing Rs 10,000 to Rs 1.5 lakh as one-time grant for Naxalites surrendering without arms and by 7.5 times -- from Rs 20,000 to Rs 1.5 lakh -- for ultras with weapons.\"The aim of the surrender policy is to wean youth as well as hardcore Naxalites who have strayed into the Naxal movement and now find themselves trapped,\" said an official. Increased financial assistance would help ensure that these Naxalites do not find it attractive to rejoin the movement.Incentive tied to weaponMaoists who surrender with 'arms' may even be able to get more by way of one-time financial assistance, depending on the kind of weapons handed over to the security forces.This means a Maoist can receive monetary incentive of Rs 5 lakh if he or she surrenders with a light machine gun (LMG) or sniper rifle and Rs 3 lakh if the weapon is an AK-47 rifle. This is irrespective of whether Maoists come over ground with 'looted' police weapons or those procured from elsewhere.Besides the one-time grant, the Centre will continue with its policy of giving a monthly stipend of Rs 2,000 for such surrendered Maoists for 36 months.The home ministry shared details of its decisions with states during a meeting on Friday chaired by Ajay Chadha, special secretary, internal security. The meeting discussed 'ways and means' to continue anti-Naxal operations with enhanced precautions in situations where Maoists use villagers, including women and children, as 'human shields' during an encounter with security forces. This is pertinent keeping in view the allegations leveled by human rights activists after the recent Chhattisgarh encounters.Although all Maoist-affected states give incentives to Maoists who surrender, the Centre's move to increase its share will help cash-strapped states to pursue the surrender-cum-rehabilitation policy more vigorously.At present, different states offer varying 'financial packages' to Maoists who surrender. The central move to increase its share will also help states in devising a uniform incentive policy for Maoists who want to surrender with or without arms.Guidelines announced by the home ministry last year offered an additional incentive of Rs 15,000 for each AK-47/56/74 rifle, Rs 25,000 for rocket propelled grenade/sniper rifle, Rs 5,000 for a frequency communication set and Rs 3,000 for a pistol or revolver.\"There was a need to review the existing surrender policy with bigger financial incentives. Since states had been asked to enhance the incentives, it was essential for Centre to offer the money as its share,\" said an official.An immediate grant of Rs 1.5 lakh for a Maoist is placed in a bank as a fixed deposit which may be withdrawn after completion of three years, subject to good behaviour as certified by authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "14876582", "title": "Mamata Banerjee snubs Sonia Gandhi, turns down dinner invite", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday turned down an invite by UPA chairperson and Congress president Sonia Gandhi to attend a dinner in New Delhi on the eve of the presidential elections citing \"party compulsions\".Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel rang up Mamata in the afternoon inviting her to the July 18 dinner.Mamata not only declined the offer, but informed Patel that none from Trinamool would be attending it either.The reasons for turning down the invite are two-fold. Trinamool Congress is set to organise a massive Sahid Divas rally on July 21 for which party workers will start arriving in Kolkata from July 18. Besides, all party MPs and MLAs have been directed by Mamata to be in Kolkata on July 18. She is expected to spell out her strategy for the presidential poll on the day.Unofficially, Mamata is unwilling to be seen at a dinner which may also be attended by NDA partners Shiv Sena and Janata Dal (U), who are supporting Pranab Mukherjee's candidature.\"This isn't exactly a UPA get-together. Anyway, Union minister Mukul Roy will be attending the UPA meet on Saturday,\" a senior party leader said refusing to read between the lines.Saturday's meeting of the alliance partners will be a crucial one because the UPA is likely to announce Hamid Ansari for a second term, a proposal the Trinamool Congress is likely to oppose.\"As a dependable ally, we are attending the meeting. We will express our views clearly with railway minister Mukul Roy representing the Trinamool Congress,\" the party's Rajya Sabha MP Derek O'Brien said. If, as expected, Roy spells out Mamata's reservations over Ansari, the fallout for the UPA could be serious. For one, disagreement over the vice-president will snuff out any remote possibility over supporting Pranab Mukherjee for President in the July 19 election.It can lead to Trinamool abstaining from both the presidential and vice-presidential polls. While this will be damaging enough for UPA, the opposition is waiting in the wings to see if Mamata could be part of its anti-Congress concert.Trinamool is opposed to Ansari because of his proximity to the Left and may suggest the name of Gopal Krishna Gandhi as an alternative. As Congress can hardly accept the Trinamool suggestion at this stage, a parting of ways over the vice-president's elections seems inevitable.Sources said efforts at a patch up were attempted with a suggestion emanating from the Trinamool camp that a phone call from Pranab Mukherjee to Mamata might help. But the Congress veteran remains chary of connecting with the West Bengal CM, concerned that she might reject his overture. Her very public disapproval of his candidature has left a sour taste.The Congress is assured of majority in the electoral college comprising 790 MPs, but another Trinamool dissension in less than a month is sure to stub out any hope in the Congress of her continuing with the UPA for long. The Congress remains concerned that the UPA without Trinamool will be highly dependent on the Samajwadi Party and the BSP.Political sources said Trinamool's position at Saturday's meeting can impact how the opposition develops. If BJP ally JD(U) does not support the Congress nominee, the opposition will look to put up a united front although the Left stance is not yet clear.Apprehension over being dependent on SP has been the reason why Congress has been engaged in placating Mamata despite her strident criticism of Pranab Mukherjee and the implied challenge to the authority of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.On the eve of the meeting, Congress managers were \"realistic\" about Trinamool saying, \"Mamata may have taken a decision on quitting UPA.\"The Congress is now increasingly reconciled to putting up with the Samajwadis and has loosened the purse-strings for UP government, but the party remains wary of Mulayam Singh Yadav's unpredictability.At the same time, the recent Supreme Court order in favour of Mayawati in a corruption case has freed the BSP supremo of her dependence on the Centre regarding the CBI. It may give her the elbow room to decide her political future. What keeps Congress hopeful of Mayawati's continued support is the inquiries into her last tenure as UP CM, the most crucial being the NRHM scam. She would be wary of being on the wrong side of the Centre while the state is ruled by her bete noire SP. Also, the ground situation is still not conducive for her after the recent wipeout in assembly polls.As Congress waits for the suspense to lift, observers feel it is still not going to be easy for Trinamool to decide on an all-out war with the UPA at the cost of being seen as tilting towards the BJP.Mamata sees little sense in backing Mukherjee since it would be viewed as a retreat from her earlier aggression and dent her aura. The possibility of anti-Mamata Congress satraps Adhir Chowdhury, Deepa Dasmunsi and Pradeep Bhattacharya jeering Trinamool's U-turn has only compounded her dilemma.However, backing opposition nominee P A Sangma is risky for the party since it would be seen as supporting a BJP-sponsored candidate. Coupled with opposition for Ansari as V-P, the backing for Sangma may have implications for Mamata's popularity among Muslims.The option of abstention is politically dangerous too, since defiance by even a small section of disgruntled party MPs and MLAs would put serious question mark on Mamata's leadership. Her fears of poaching have prompted her to get party MPs to vote in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14877515", "title": "\u2018Encounter cop\u2019 now chief of anti-Naxal force in Andhra", "text": "GUNTUR: Nineteen encounter deaths took place in Andhra Pradesh's Kurnool and Guntur districts when IPS officer P S R Anjaneyulu was the superintendent of police between 2000 and 2002, B Chandrasekhar had claimed in a petition filed nearly a decade ago seeking an inquiry into the \"killing spree\" and relief for the victims' relatives.After investigating each encounter detailed by the petitioner over nine years, the NHRC in November 2011 individually termed 16 encounters as fake and ordered compensation. \"Four undertrials were killed in a brutal encounter near Perecherla while being shifted from Sattenpalle to Guntur,\" said Chandrasekhar. The NHRC did not order compensation in three cases: P Babu, Boya Venkata Ramana and Venkateswarlu, all considered to be TDP dissidents in Kurnool.Chandrasekhar said his battle did not end here and he would continue to fight for launching criminal proceedings against the accused cops, including Anjaneyulu, now IG, Greyhounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14871162", "title": "BIFR decision on Sindri plant revival on cards", "text": "Sindri: The Board of Industrial and Financial Restructuring (BIFR) heard the case related to the revival of the Sindri fertilizer factory on Friday.According to sources, the representative of the operating agency, SBI in this case, submitted relevant documents including the MoU signed by the Fertilizer Corporation of India Ltd (FCI) with the SAIL and the NFL for setting up steel, fertilizer and power plants in Sindri. The submission was made in the case (no. 515/1992) before the BIFR bench II comprising Saroj Bala and MYK Gaiha. Fertilizer ministry's joint secretary Satish Chandra and director (finance) of FCI Kalyani were present during the hearing.Pleaders appearing on behalf of the ministry and the FCI appealed to the bench to clear the draft revival scheme submitted by the operating agency in the last hearing. After a detailed discussion, the bench, however, neither passed any judgment nor fixed any next date of hearing. It is now expected that the bench will pronounce its judgment soon.\"The positive manner in which the discussions were held, we can only hope that the bench may give initial clearance for revival with certain guidelines,\" said an official of the FCI's corporate office in Delhi.The empowered committee of secretaries constituted to study the revival prospects of all the eight closed fertilizer units of the FCI and the HFC had recommended revival of Sindri, Ramagundam and Talcher units of the FCI on nomination basis and rest of the units at Gorakhpur, Barauni, Durgapur, Haldia and Korba on open bidding basis. The assets of the Sindri unit of the FCI has to be handed over to the SAIL for setting up a 1.15 millions tonne urea plant in a joint venture with the NFL, 5.6 MT steel plant and a 1,000 MW power plant.The FCI signed an MoU with the SAIL and the NFL on July 6 in this regard and has given land use rights to the SAIL on nearly 5,800 acres of free hold land owned by the Sindri fertilizer factory. The SAIL has agreed to give 11% equity share to the FCI in the proposed industrial conglomerate and some funds for clearing the outstanding dues in lieu of other infrastructural facilities to be handed over to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14870962", "title": "BJP leaders visit Nagri to offer solace", "text": "RANCHI: After remaining aloof of the Nagri land acquisition row for more than four months, BJP legislators suddenly rose to the occasion to meet the aggrieved villagers and come up with a report prior to the government-appointed committee's visit to the area.The legislators' committee headed by Majhgaon MLA Badkunwar Gagrai tried to convince the villagers that the chief minister was sympathetic towards the problem, though the assurance came after the scuffle between the security forces and villagers that left several villagers and policemen injured. This was followed by three-day protests and blockade of the Ranchi-Patratu state highway.Hundreds of villagers, mostly women, requested the committee members to convince the chief minister about their plight and get all the villagers who were arrested for the scuffle released. Listening to the villagers, Gagrai said the committee would place the demands of the villagers before the five-member government committee headed by land reforms minister Mathura Prasad Mahato. Gagrai made efforts to convince the villagers that the initiative for forming a committee for an acceptable solution of the land acquisition row was taken by none other than the chief minister himself. \"Mahato during the visit will talk to the villagers across all sections and try to come up with an amicable solution of the problem,\" he said.BJP legislators Menka Sardar, Gurcharan Nayak, Uma Shankar Akela and Samir Oraon tried convincing the villagers in their own ways. Villagers expressed hope that the government-appointed committee was likely to understand their plight because it consisted of tribal leaders.BJP insiders claimed that the exercise was aimed at bagging the credit of resolving the crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14870869", "title": "27% households own TV: Census", "text": "RANCHI: Contrary to the common belief that mobile phones and television sets have reached almost every corner of India, Census figures in Jharkhand indicate only 27% people in the state have television sets at home. The figure further divides into 13% rural homes owning television sets as opposed to 67% families in urban areas.The national figure is equally shocking with only 47% households in country owning a television. Of this, 33% is rural population and 77% from towns and cities.Releasing the figures here on Friday, director of census operations in Jharkhand Sunil Kumar Burnwal asked researchers and government agencies to utilize the data to prepare the development map of the state. \"We can have an overview of the standard of living of the common man in various cities and the state and thus come up with a suitable plan to take up schemes aimed at improving living standards,\" he said.Census report on mobile phone and landline telephone access did not fare any better. While 48% households in Jharkhand have some form of connectivity either through mobile or landline telephones, 63% households were found to be using the facility at the national level. In case of mobile phones, 36.6% rural houses and 67.7% urban houses in Jharkhand were found to enjoy the connectivity, as opposed to the national figure of 51% in rural and 76% in urban areas.Not surprisingly, use of computers, laptops and Internet connectivity remains abysmal. In urban Jharkhand, a mere 10.5% households have a computer or laptop without Internet facility, which is at par with the national average, according to the census figures. A miniscule 1.5% households in Jharkhand were found to be using a computer or a laptop with Internet connection, the national figure in this regard faring just a little better at 3.1% households.As for owning vehicles, the figure stood at 2.8% households in Jharkhand owning four wheelers, 16.1% with two wheelers and 58.8% houses with bicycles. Bicycle usage in rural areas was found to exceed by around 8%. At the national level, 5% households were found to own four wheelers, 21% households with two wheelers and 45% households with bicycles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14871152", "title": "Indian restaurant in New York sweetened Steve Jobs' deal", "text": "VADODARA: When Apple CEO Steve Jobs wanted a hush-hush meeting with New York Time's top executives to convince them to get their product onto IPad, he walked them into Pranna, one of the biggest restaurant in Manhattan's Madison Avenue in 2010, specializing in Southeast-Asian cuisine. Jobs ordered Mango lassi and penne pasta. Both the items were not on the menu, but the restaurant's Indian owners Rajiv and Payal Sharma did not fail the great visionary. The Sharmas quickly whipped up the dishes, so that Jobs' meeting with the 50 top executives of NYT could go on without any gastronomical disappointment, at least.Despite the hustle-bustle of its three bars and lounges, the group had its meeting in one of the several special private seating areas, without inviting any unnecessary attention. \"The meeting was in the cellar lounge and Payal was personally taking the order. The Apple team had booked the table well in advance, but revealed only two hours before the meeting that Steve Jobs himself who would be attending,\" Rajiv smiles as he recalls the moment, relaxing in his family home in Vadodara's Gautam Nagar.\"They demanded complete secrecy. We met him briefly when he complimented us for the place and ordered another serving of mango lassi,\" he adds.Here, on their annual visit to their hometown, Rajiv and his vivacious wife Payal Sharma confess that they didn't make much of the meeting then, but after Jobs died, and when his authorized biography written by renowned biographer, Walter Issacson's came out, the real import of that event sank in.\"The book mentions his visit to Pranna on page 505, that's when people started calling and visiting us to see the place where the great man once dined. We have now built a small shrine for him in the cellar lounge, and introduced the two dishes on our menu, Its our little tribute to the great man who made our place famous by his visit,\" says Payal.An unassuming family, the Sharmas keep a low profile and quietly slips in and out of Vadodara during annual sojourns from their adopted home in Long Islands. Till the time, Rajiv is not prodded, cajoled and bullied by close friends to talk about his work, there is no inkling of the high-profile status that his \"mega Asian, super sexy\" restaurant has earned for itself in the heart of the New York city.\"At 22,000 sq ft, it's the biggest restaurant, which is our dream child. We opened in the middle of recession in 2008, and the beginning was expectedly lukewarm. However, its popularity has now soared beyond all our expectations,\" says the couple, reeling off names of celebrities who have dropped in for special events or its more famous Peoples' Brunch every Saturday.Megan Fox , Kirsten Dunst , Tiara Banks, Olivia Wilde, Jude Law , Hillary Swank , Martina Navratilova , Serena Williams , Jack Nicklaus , Chelsea Clinton , and Cristiano Ronaldo have all been spotted in Pranna restaurant and lounge in the past two years. Neither is Bollywood fraternity behind with likes of Imraan Khan , Shabana Azmi , Javed Khan, Anil Kapoor , Abhay Deol , Vivek Oberoi, Kailash Kher , Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and Atif Aslam having made due appearances.\"It was the launch party of the annual swimwear edition of Sports Illustrated in February 2009, four months after we opened in the middle of the recession, which made a huge difference,\" Rajiv reveals. Today, the place, with its soaring roofs and expansive space built on three levels and exuding Zen-like atmosphere, is the toast of the town, which serves over 100 Thai, Malaysian , Vietnamese and Indian dishes. \"Pranna means 'breath of life' and we wanted our place to breathe in the busy Manhattan .\"And, to think, that this, one time- corporate honcho did not ever want to step into the family profession, two decades ago. Born in Ahmedabad and brought up in Vadodara, this naturalized Gujarati - whose father was from UP and the mother a Punjabi - hails from a family which brought the Kwality restaurant chain to Gujarat.His father Baijnath Sharma moved to Baroda to open Volga. Rajiv studied in Rosary school and did his graduation and postgraduation in commerce from MS University and even taught there for a while, before he bagged a scholarship to study MBA at New York University . He had by then already rejecting his dad's offer to take over the family business.\"I build a career as a banker, working with Citibank and First Data Corporation , travelling all over the world. But, then came the offer of taking over 'Akbar', a Kwality group-owned restaurant in Long Island , and I couldn't say no. I guess, it was in my blood,\" says the man, who married Payal, a former Ms India New York, in the same restaurant.Sensing a vaccum in the field of planning big, fat Indian weddings, the couple went on to build a lucrative but extremely busy career in wedding plannning, right from arranging mares in the US, decorating mandaps, to arranging DJs, dholis and the typical Indian wedding food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870429", "title": "Day after, traffic restored on Pedder Road", "text": "MUMBAI: A 4-ft portion of Pedder Road that caved in at the Gamadia junction late on Wednesday\u2014leading to huge traffic snarls in south Mumbai\u2014was restored on Friday.The cave-in, said officials, happened after a slab of an old stormwater drain under the road gave way.\"The drain has been temporarily restored. It is now covered with a slab and we have put concrete over it. Earlier, it was an asphalt road. We have temporarily rehabilitated this stretch,\" said a civic official from the roads department. Incidentally, similar incidents have occurred during the past two monsoons as well. However, civic officials told TOI that they were unable to take up work on fixing the drain due to delay in the Pedder Road flyover project.Though traffic police officials were present in large numbers and diversions were announced, motorists were severely inconvenienced on Thursday. The snarls had extended up to the Lotus junction in Worli. Traffic at Gamadia junction was restored by Friday evening, said the official. \"The concrete laid over the drain has to dry. Until then, traffic cannot move from there. We attend to potholes but cannot take up drain improvement work on Peddar Road. If we take it up now, there will be duplication of work and waste of public money.A recent letter from the MSRDC states that tendering work on the Peddar Road flyover is in progress. As a result, our drain work is held up,\" the civic official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14870943", "title": "Kazmi in trial court for bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Journalist Syed Mohammad Kazmi, arrested for his alleged role in a terror attack on an Israeli diplomat in the capital early this year, moved a trial court for bail on Friday.Filing a plea before chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav, Kazmi sought the relief on the ground that Delhi Police has got the probe period extended in a \"malafide and calculated move\".Kazmi said \"the investigating agency with malafide and calculated move to overreach the ambit and protection given under Section 167 CrPC to the accused to get the bail after furnishing bail bonds has filed an application seeking extension of period of investigation for a further period of 90 days\".The plea added, \"Surprisingly, neither the notice of the said application nor the report as mentioned in the order filed by the public prosecutor in terms of Section 43D of Unlawful Activities Prevention Act was served upon the counsel of the accused in person.The court has directed the investigation officer to report on July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "14871337", "title": "Shopkeeper held for selling SIM cards against fake documents", "text": "Palanpur: Police arrested a shopkeeper in Himmatnnagar on Thursday for selling sim cards on bogus documents. Police inspector of special operations group S M Patel said Vinod Tank was arrested from his shop in Keshav Complex late on Thursday evening. Police had seized 96 activated and fresh SIM cards and fake documents from the shop.He reportedly confessed that the cards were sold on fake papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14873823", "title": "Solar storm rising, to hit Earth today", "text": "WASHINGTON: A huge solar storm, the second major flare to erupt from the Sun in less than a week, has triggered a coronal mass ejection which is expected to reach the Earth on Saturday, scientists have claimed.The powerful flare unleashed on Thursday sent a wave of plasma toward Earth at a speed of about 1,400 km per second and it's expected to reach the planet by 5.00GMT (10.20 India time) on Saturday. While it may spark a minor geomagnetic storm, power stations, satellites and astronauts need not worry, the scientists said.\"It erupted from Active Region 1520, which rotated into view on July 6,\" Nasa officials said in an alert. Active Region 1520 (AR1520) is a giant sunspot facing towards Earth. According to Nasa and the Space Weather Prediction Center (SPWC) the sun storm registered as an X1.4-class solar flare which is more powerful than the X1.1 flare that erupted on July 6 from another giant sunspot known as AR1515, making this the strongest solar storm of the summer so far.The sunspot region AR1520 could be up to 300,000 km long at its peak. It is about 50% larger than last week's sunspot AR1515, solar astrophysicist Alex Young of Nasa's Goddard Space Flight Centre said. \"It's quite extensive,\" Young said, adding that sunspots the size of AR1520 are normal as the sun nears its peak of its weather cycle in 2013. But while sunspot AR1520 may sound like a solar behemoth, it's actually a modest sunspot, which promises more sun storms to come, Dean Pesnell at Nasa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14871170", "title": "Housewife tortured, killed for dowry in Hazaribag", "text": "Hazaribag: Hazaribag sadar police team seized the body of Sunita Devi (35), wife of Raju Mehta, on Friday from Nagwan village, about five km from here.ASP Sudarshan Mandal said that police have registered a case of dowry death against Raju and his father Badri, who is a businessman by profession.According to the FIR lodged by the father of the deceased Butan Mahto, he had married off his daughter in 2006 with Raju and paid dowry of Rs 1 lakh in cash besides other gifts. He alleged that although his daughter was the mother of two children, she was continuously tortured by her husband and in-laws for money and a two-wheeler, demands that he could not fulfil. Sunita was found hanging from the ceiling of her house at Nagwan, Mahto claimed.He alleged that he was not informed about her daughter's death by his son-in-law or other members of the family. The villagers informed Mahto about Sunita's death. On entering Raju's house, he found Sunita hanging from the ceiling and immediately informed the police. The police brought the body down and found both the hands of the deceased fractured. Mahto alleged that his daughter was beaten to death after which in order to make it appear a case of suicide they hanged the body from the ceiling.He further said that in the past too his daughter was brutally assaulted for not fulfilling their demands. \"We have registered a case of dowry death and only after getting the post-mortem repor,t reason of death could be ascertained,\" Mandal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14873606", "title": "Ensure water for irrigation: Minister", "text": "PATNA: Water resources department (WRD) minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary on Friday asked engineers of the department to ensure that water for irrigation purposes flowing through various canals reach beneficiaries at the last points of the canals concerned, and any attempt to forcibly block the flowing water by influential farmers to divert it to their plots of land should be foiled effectively.On the day, Choudhary reviewed the arrangements made by the department to provide irrigation water to farmers for the kharif crops through various canal systems, reservoirs and other irrigation schemes, and also took stock of the discharge of water through the available canal systems in the state. Due to rain deficit, there has been less than expected accumulation of water in the reservoirs, which was causing problems in releasing desired amount of water through their canal network, he noted.Stating that the department was duty bound to provide water for irrigation purposes in 13.70 lakh hectares of irrigable land during the kharif season, Choudhary also directed engineer-in-chief (central) Devi Rajak and engineer-in-chief (north) Rajeshwar Dayal to monitor the discharge and supply of water on a daily basis. In this regard, field engineers have to send daily reports to the WRD state headquarters for review, he added.He also said the WRD headquarters had taken serious note of the release of less volume of water through the western Kosi canal. In the same vein, the minister directed the engineer-in-charges of the irrigation monitoring wing and irrigation cells of the department to fix responsibility on the engineers found lax in doing their work, and also submit reports on their negligence, so that timely action could be taken against them. The engineers have been told to conduct patrolling along the canals concerned.Meanwhile, head of the flood fighting force at the WRD headquarters, Devendra Jha inspected embankments and other constructions along the Ganga and Punpun. He also inspected town protection embankment for Ara, Gangi embankment, western Gangi embankment, anti-erosion work at Salempur and other such points. Jha gave his advice to chief engineers concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14871557", "title": "Mathura to face civic polls on July 20", "text": "Lucknow: The State Election Commission has again changed the date of election to local bodies in Mathura to enable MLAs of all the four assembly seats of the district to take part in the presidential election to be held on July 19.SEC SK Agarwal said in view of the presidential election, the polling for local bodies in Mathura will now be held on July 20 instead of July 19. He said if repoll becomes necessary in case the polling is cancelled or deferred due to unavoidable circumstances, the same will be held on July 22 and the counting will be done on July 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14876547", "title": "Every one out of four MLAs tainted in state", "text": "INDORE: Political leaders from Madhya Pradesh are not lagging behind their counterparts in other states- at least in the number of criminal cases against them. About 54 MLAs and four MPs from the state are facing criminal charges ranging from murder to others.Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) had recently published the data in which they shared the number of tainted MPs and MLAs in the country who are going to participate in coming Presidential election. About Madhya Pradesh, the very same report clears that out of 29 MPs from the state in Lok Sabha , four MPs have criminal cases pending against them. Out of these four, two are facing serious charges.The report says that 54 MLAs of the 230 members in the state assembly have criminal records. This works out to be 23.48% of the total elected representatives from state. Of these 54 MLAs, BJP accounted for 27 and Congress 23 while four hails from other parties.The report specifically mentions, \"In other words, 18.88% of BJP MLAs have criminal records whereas 32.39% of Congress MLAs have criminal records. Two MLAs of present assembly have murder or attempt to murder charges against them.\"Earlier, ADR mentioned that 1448 members of total 4835 MPs/MLAs who are going to cast their vote in the coming Presidential election have declared criminal cases pending against them in a self-sworn affidavit filed with the Election Commission of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14870932", "title": "Lavad villagers launch stir to demand gauchar land back", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The residents of Lavad village and the Dehgam Taluka Gram Swaraj Samiti began their 48-hour dharna outside the office of the taluka development officer (TDO) in Dehgam on Friday.Apart from dharna, the agitators also took out a rally to protest against the state government's decision to set up Raksha Shakti University on the outskirts of the village. The villagers claim the land was a gauchar land, against which the government stated that the university's land belonged to the home department and was a government land.The villagers led by Vinubhai Amin, the coordinator of the Samiti, said that they were determined to fight against the issue till the university was shifted out of their village. The residents also gave a memorandum to the TDO demanding that the land should be given back to the village.The memorandum stated that in 1956, the state government had given 535 acre of land to the village panchayat with the condition that the villagers use it for cattle grazing. But in 1976, the land was taken away from the village, following a complaint by then MLA Gabhaji Thakore. Thakore alleged that the villagers had not followed the condition of grazing and hence the land should be taken back by the government. The government took away the land.Later, the government allotted some land to ex-army men and in 2009, Raksha Shakti University put up the board claiming the land.The villagers want to know where their cattle, over 4,500 heads, will graze. The memorandum also stated that the village has more than 150 families living below poverty line (BPL) who depend on the disputed area to collect wood as fuel to cook their food. The village does not even have land for these BPL families under the Indira Awas Yojana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14871635", "title": "Ex-minister alleges threat to life, SP denies it", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former minister and senior Bahujan Samaj Party leader Awadhpal Singh Yadav on Friday alleged that Samajwadi Party national general secretary Ramgopal Yadav and some local leaders were conspiring to kill him and his family members, a charge dismissed as \"gimmick\" by the ruling party. \"SP leader Ramgopal Yadav, district panchayat chairman Jugendra Yadav and MLA Rameshwar Yadav are conspiring to kill me and my family members,\" Yadav told reporters here.He asked chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to take serious consideration of the matter. Yadav, who was a minister in previous Mayawati regime, was removed from his post after a Lokayukta inquiry was initiated against him and he was also denied BSP ticket in the assembly polls.At present, vigilance inquiry is going on against former animal husbandry and dairy development minister on the directives of Lokayukta for allegedly indulging in corrupt practices and misusing his official position. \"The vigilance inquiry is not conducted by the vigilance team, but by MLA Rameshwar. I don't see justice in such a scenario and lekhpal (revenue officer) has been pressurised to give statement against me,\" he said.Meanwhile, a senior SP leader said, \"This is just a gimmick of Awadhpal, who is mired into controversy over his misdeeds in Bahujan Samaj Party regime. He is taking names of senior party leaders to gain limelight in media.\" PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14871948", "title": "HC takes strong note of scholarship to non-existent persons, institutes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking a serious note that various governmental departments are involved in disbursing scholarship in favour of non-existent educational institutions and to non-existent persons with fraudulent activities, the Allahabad High Court on Friday directed the UP DGP and principal secretary primary and secondary education to take strong action in the matter against the guilty persons.DGP has been directed to submit reports about the payments under the minority scholarship quota or other heads being paid to non-existent institutions. Passing this order, the bench consisting of Justice Amar Saran and Justice Anurag Kumar also directed the principal secretary primary and secondary education to give response to the court within six weeks about the steps being taken for rooting out the menace of non- existent paper schools.The principal secretary has to inform the bench as to what steps has been taken in the past against concerned officials and others when the fact of existence of such schools and the dishonest disbursement of payments to them on one or other grounds have come to light, so that there could be a deterrent effect on other intending offenders.The principal secretary will also inform the bench as to what future strategy for eliminating this menace is being worked out.The court will hear this case on October 10, 2012.The bench, however, dismissed the writ petition of the petitioner, A Rajendra Prasad Singh, seeking stay on his arrest in non- existent institutions scholarship scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "agroha (hisar)", "code": "14895759", "title": "Olympian Krishna Punia: She milked buffalos at dad's farm to stay fit", "text": "AGROHA (HISAR): For this six feet tall Haryanvi girl who is now part of the London Olympics squad, the training ground to hone her talent was her father's dairy farm. 15 years ago, Krishna Punia milked buffalos at her father's farm in their village to up her fitness levels. As buffalos substituted for the modern fitness equipment that present day athletes have access to, Krishna slogged her way through the years to becoming the country's top athlete. Defying unavailability of conventionally used resources to exercise, today Krishna is one among the stars in the 81 member Indian squad for Olympics as India pegs its hopes for a medal on her.Her father, Maha Singh, 65, said Krishna started her sports career only when she joined college at Hisar after XII. Earlier, she never participated in any sports event. He, however, added that she was very particular about her health and used to exercise by jumping rope, doing household works and milking buffalos at their family diary farm at Agroha.When asked about her favorite exercise to stay fit, Singh added that she was very fond of milking buffalos at their large buffalos diary farm giving the reasons that it is good to keep herself fit and improve muscle power. \"At that time we never thought that one day she would become an international athlete, it's all because of her zeal to keep herself fit,\" he said.Krishna had lost her mother when she was around 9-10 years old and was raised in joint family by her grandmother, aunts etc.A proud, 65 years old Maha Singh said her journey of success started only when she broke 48 years old record of Kurukshetra University, her talent was recognized by Lalit Bhanot ( Indian Olympic Association) who selected her for national camp and thereafter she never looked back. Singh however credits her husband and national level athlete Virender Punia of Rajasthan for Krishna's success, who inspired her to pursue the game after marriage in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14874153", "title": "Runaway girl raped by auto driver for a month, arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: A 16-year-old girl, who had left her home situated at a Neem Ka Thana village in Sikar district after being thrashed by her alcoholic father for no reason, was kidnapped from the Sindhi Camp bus stand here and raped for a month by an auto driver. The driver has been arrested.The girl had come to his uncle's house as she was upset with her father. On reaching Jaipur, she forgot the uncle's address. The auto driver, on the pretext of helping her search the uncle's house, took her to his rented accommodation in Jaipur and then to his native village in Dausa district where he kept her confined for at least a month. She somehow managed to escape and informed her family members. The 22-year-old driver was arrested by the police.The girl was so apprehensive of her alcoholic father that when she was produced before a magistrate, she refused to live with him. The police have sent her to the uncle's house. Police said action will be taken against the father if the girl's statements are found to be true.According to the police, the girl had left her home on June 10. The family members had registered a missing complaint with the police on June 15. \"Girl's father is an alcoholic. He used to scold and sometimes even thrash her. Upset over this, she left her home on June 10 and kept wandering in nearby towns living with her friends and relatives for 3-4 days. An aunt gave her Rs 100, so she reached Jaipur to stay with her uncle who lives in the Jhotwara area with his family and works at Crystal Mall near the Khasa Kothi Circle,\" said Sindhi Camp police station in-charge Bharat Singh.He added that as soon as she got off the bus, the auto driver, Jitendra Kumar, approached her to ride in his auto.\"However, the girl seemed confused and had also forgotten the uncle's address. Taking advantage of this, he took her to his rented room in Shastri Nagar area. He kept her there for two days and repeatedly raped her,\" said Singh.Jitendra then allegedly took her to Samastpura, a village under Salempur police station area in Dausa district, where he had kept her until Wednesday.\"The girl on Wednesday called his maternal uncle pleading him to save her. A team of Neem Ka Thana police station was immediately rushed there. They recovered the girl and took Jitendra into custody. He was handed over to the Sindhi Camp police as the case of rape was registered there,\" Neem Ka Thana police station in-charge Balaram told TOI.The girl's statement was recorded, he added. \"She was produced before a magistrate. In her statement, she said that her father regularly beat her. She refused to live with him following which she was handed over to her uncle,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14873888", "title": "ED questions Jagan on allotment of quarries worth Rs 3,000 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kadapa MP Jaganmohan Reddy was questioned by the Enforcement Directorate on Friday on allotment of more than 600 hectares of limestone quarries to one of his companies when his father YSR Reddy was chief minister of Andhra Pradesh. The agency estimates the quarries to be worth Rs 3,000 crore.The limestone quarries were allotted in May 2009 to Saraswati Power Industries Ltd (SPIL), a company controlled by Jagan. The allotment was made a few months before YSR, then chief minister of Andhra Pradesh, died in a helicopter crash.Another allegation of money laundering against Jagan is the investment of Rs 124 crore routed through some shell companies in Mauritius. Sources said ED officials asked Jagan on the source of these funds.Sandur Power Company Ltd, another firm associated with Jagan, received Rs 124 crore from two Mauritius-based companies. The ED probe revealed that Jagan had purchased back the shares from the two companies. ED officials have sought details on the source of these funds.The ED had on August 30, 2011 registered a money laundering case against Jagan under Prevention of Money Laundering Act. The companies under ED scanner included Sandur Power Company Ltd, Carmel Asia Holdings Pvt Ltd, Classic Realty Pvt Ltd, Bharati Cements Corporation Ltd and Jagathi Publications Pvt Ltd.The agency had taken permission from a CBI court in Hyderabad to question Jagan on investments made in these companies. He was arrested by CBI on May 27 in a disproportionate assets case.Sources said firms associated with Jagan made huge profit out of investments made by companies that were allotted thousands of acres of land by his CM father.The ED officials questioning Jagan are armed with detailed reports from Financial Intelligence Unit and the income tax department with documentary evidence collected on transactions made by some of the firms accused of money laundering. The agency had already issued summons to these companies seeking clarifications.The Reserve Bank of India too has pitched in with its input on foreign investments made in Jagan's companies. The ED had also received details from Luxembourg on investments made by some foreign entities into Jagan's firms.The agency has, meanwhile, started proceedings to attach Jagan's properties along with that of other accused in the PMLA case. His properties are being identified and after his statement is recorded, the ED may formally attach his properties equivalent to the money laundering charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14877798", "title": "PG course aspirants from other regions face Telangana-heat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the fervor of the Telangana agitation has died down in most universities in the region, the admission process to 47 PG courses offered by universities including Osmania, Palamuru (Mahbubnagar), Telangana (Nizamabad) and Mahatma Gandhi (Nalgonda) has taken a 'T' twist with candidates from other regions claiming that they were chased away from the counselling venue, Nizam College grounds, by 'T' supporters.About 100 students were asked not to participate in the counselling process by 'T' agitators. While over one lakh students had applied for admissions to these courses from across the state, about 20% are those from regions like Andhra and Rayalaseema.The Nizam College has been politically charged from July 2, the day counselling started with 'T' student leaders brazenly issuing threats to students from Andhra and Rayalaseema asking them to go back or have their certificates torn.Student groups like Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Students Federation of India ( SFI), Telangana Vidyarthi Parishad (TGVP) and Progressive Democratic Students Union (PDSU), all supporting the Telangana agitation have also put up their stalls at the admission venue.About 85% PG seats are reserved for local students (those from the respective region) while 15% of the seats are open to students from other regions as well.\"It is all very unnerving to have 'T' leaders inside the counselling room. It is extremely unfair on the students who get ranks based on merit after competing with local students for those 15% seats. It is hugely demoralizing. I am extremely worried about what I've got myself into,\" said a student who qualified for MCJ pleading anonymity.Students from other regions said that they feel intimidated while taking admissions as the 'T' student leaders are supported even by the counselling staff.\"It feels like a huge political convention and not counselling for admissions into a university,\" said T Srinivas, a parent who was accompanying his daughter. Some of the students from Andhra region have skipped the admission process in Telangana universities.Shivarathri Prashanth, state president of TGVP justified the hostility. \"Students from Telangana region have been dished out the same treatment in Andhra and Rayalaseema universities for over the last decade. A lot of them have been beaten and have had their certificates shredded into pieces. We are only requesting them to voluntarily back out. We have sent away over 100 students in the last six days,\" Prashanth explained.Osmania University's director of admissions Prof Krishna Rao, however, said that he has not received any complaint from students from other regions. \"I have not received a single written complaint from any student. Perhaps there have been one or two such incidents but I can assure you that no deserving student has been denied a seat. I will guarantee their safety as long as they are in the counselling campus, beyond that I am not responsible if some students decide to walk out on their own,\" he said.The officials, however, refused to reveal how many students from other regions have taken admission in 'T' universities so far. \"We will be able to divulge that information at the end of the counselling session,\" said an official. The first phase of counselling to PG seats will conclude on July 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14874469", "title": "Abandoned newborn loses battle for life", "text": "JAIPUR: The never-ending discrimination against girl child took its toll once again on Friday with a newborn girl dying within hours after she was found abandoned at public convenience at the Jagatpura railway station on Friday.She was alive when she was spotted. She was rushed to JK Lon hospital in an 108 ambulance service. The JK Lon hospital officials said since her condition was critical, the hospital administration put her on ventilator. The girl weighed just 800 gm, much less than the weight of a healthy newborn. The parents left the newborn girl unattained.JK Lon hospital superintendent Dr SD Sharma said, \"When the girl was brought to the hospital, she was suffering from breathlessness, she had turned pale. It was a premature delivery.\"The doctors admitted her to the ICU and put her on life support. Sharma said, \"It seems that the girl was born just an hour or two before she was brought to the hospital at 10.30 am. Her lungs were weak so we had to inject some medicines to keep her breathing. We tried our best.\"But, as the girl was critical, all the efforts went in vain as the girl died in the afternoon.In a similar incident, a new born girl was found abandoned in Pali district. She was brought to a government hospital in serious condition on Friday. One Kaluram found her after he heard her cry. Kaluram said, \"The girl was wrapped in a piece of cloth.\"Besides, in Jaipur, this is the second case of abandoning a girl child in the last five days. Late on Monday night, a couple had abandoned a girl child at the hospital within minutes after her birth. The child is also undergoing treatment at JK Lon hospital. Dr SD Sharma said, \"The girl is fine now. But, there is some infection in her lungs. So, she will stay in the hospital for some more days.\"TIMES VIEWOn Thursday, the police launched Operation Garima in Ajmer to protect girl students at schools and colleges from being harassed by eve-teasers. However, in the \"flowers\" are nipped in the bud, in future there will be no need to launch such schemes. When will the government wake up and really do something to save the girl child. It seems the machinery lacks the conviction to take concrete steps in this regard. Shows, campaigns and lectures are really not helping the cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14875271", "title": "Residents face water shortage, but parks get direct supply", "text": "PANCHKULA: The irony is hard to miss. Many sectors in the city are facing potable water shortage, but around 170 parks are getting direct fresh water supply!Though Panchkula has sewerage treatment plants, there is no provision to provide tertiary water to the green belts, which consume around 5 million gallons every day. Sectors 2, 4, 7, 8, 9, 11, 15, 16, 19, 21 and 25, among others, are facing the scarcity, leaving residents high and dry. \"We are fed up of the low supply. Water does not reach the second and third floors, but parks are getting it in abundance,\" said Rohan Bajaj, a resident of Sector 15.\"My son has shifted to Chandigarh as the water situation is grim here. The authorities should go for an alternative and provide tertiary water to parks,\" said Rishabh Verma, a resident of Sector 11.Municipal corporation executive officer O P Sihag said, \"Panchkula is not facing any water problem. The city has around 170 parks and all of these are provided fresh water.\"On why there was no provision of tertiary water, he said, \"Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has some proposal and I think they are working on it.\" HUDA (engineering wing) superintending engineer N K Verma said, \"We have a proposal for tertiary water like Chandigarh's and we are working on it. It requires huge investment. We have sewerage treatment plants in sectors 21 and 28.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14876623", "title": "Two held for sending lewd messages", "text": "INDORE: Two youths were held for sending lewd SMSes and making unnecessary calls to a city based woman doctor, here on Friday. In this connection, a complaint was filed by the doctor associated with a private hospital in Tukoganj area with 'We Care for You' on June 26. She had alleged that somebody used to call her from two different numbers and even sent obscene SMSes.Acting on the complaint, police arrested the two accused Ghanshyam, 22, resident of Pardeshipura and Rajesh Kumar Kostha, 22, resident of Katni. They were later handed over to Tukoganj police for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14896092", "title": "Romantic watch on a rainy day", "text": "On a rainy day, revel in romance by picking up five DVDs (there are many more to choose from like A walk to Remember, The Notebook, Breakfast at Tiffany's). Feel the love, longing and celluloid magic in the comforts of your home as raindrops keep falling.Casablanca \"Here's looking at you, kid\" and your heart skips a beat.Casablanca , one of the most famous romantic classics till date, is a 1942 film is set in unoccupied Africa during the early days of World War II. The film is directed by Michael Curtiz is set during World War II, it focuses on a man torn between, in the words of one character, love and virtue. He must choose between his love for a woman and helping her and her Czech Resistance leader husband escape from the Vichy-controlled Moroccan city of Casablanca to continue his fight against the Nazis. The film has stayed in the hearts of millions across the globe and still tops the list of most romantic films of all times to come.An Affair to Remember \"Winter must be cold for those with no warm memories... we've already missed the spring!\" Directed by Leo McCarey , this movie famous for the intense longing the two lovers have for each other and the hope they share. Playboy and painter Nicky Ferrante meets with nightclub singer Terry McKay on cruise from Europe to New York .Both of them are engaged to other people. But then love knows no logic and they fall in love with each other and promise to meet again after six months, as they bid adieu. But destiny has something else in store for them. They cannot meet each other as Terry meets with an unfortunate accident.Love Story \"Love means never having to say you're sorry\" and how many of us have cried while reading this in the much talked about Eric Segal's novel titled Love Story . When it was made into a film, they could not think of a better line as its tagline.The story looks at two young lovers - Oliver Barrett IV , a Harvard pre-law student from a wealthy and respected family, and Cavelleri Jennifer, a young student at Radcliffe Music College. The film directed by Arthur Hiller which has its share of tragedy continues to win hearts till date.Titanic \"You jump, I jump, remember? I can't turn away without knowing you'll be all right ... That's all I want.\"A romance which knew no class, no social status. A celluloid love saga (which ended on a tragic note) swept 11 awards at the Oscars.James Cameron's film portrays a wealthy but unhappy girl and a poor boy set at the backdrop of the ill-fated Titanic cruise ship. The story which starts on the story of Rose DeWitt, who met Jack on the Titanic ship and eventually fell in love with him even though she was engaged. But then Jack dies in the freezing cold waters when the Titanic collides with an iceberg and sinks. The movie came back recently with a 3D avtaar.P.S. I Love You \"You made me a man, by loving me Holly. And for that, I am eternally grateful... literally.\"P.S. I Love You directed by Richard LaGravenese is an unforgettable love story of a young widow who discovers her late husband's love even after he's gone. When he was there they fought like any other couple but amidst all that they still had a passionate love affair. But as the movie goes, you will see how the husband left ten messages for his wife so that she could forget him and start life afresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871528", "title": "Laila\u2019s boyfriend gave input to intelligence agencies about LeT men", "text": "MUMBAI: The Laila Khan saga continues to spring surprises. TOI has learnt that it was the starlet's \"close friend\" Afghan Khan who provided information to Indian intelligence agencies about five \"terrorists\" entering the city. This turned out to be a false lead, causing embarrassment to the Indian government.Sources in the security establishment said Khan received the information from an acquaintance, Kamran, based in Pakistan. Khan arranged dancers for shows abroad and knew Kamran well. \"They used to meet in Dubai ,\" a source said. Officials said they suspect Kamran was in contact with Pakistan's ISI.On May 6, central intelligence agencies issued an alert, saying five LeT operatives had sneaked into Mumbai and were planning to attack vital installations, including petroleum establishments, possibly through sea routes. The information, provided by the Research and Analysis Wing, included photographs of \"terrorists\", who seemed to be in the age group of 25-30 years.The information sent the police in a tizzy. Soon, the police commissioner held a meeting to heighten security at vital installations. According to the intelligence input, the terrorists' plan was to attack these installations, which were close to the coast. The input stressed that terrorists had entered the country earlier through the borders of Gujarat, Rajasthan and Jammu and Kashmir.On May 10, Pakistan newspaper The Express Tribune reported that four of the five \"operatives\" were Pakistani mobile retailers and the fifth a security guard; all had approached the local police station for protection.A source said Afghan, a resident of Lokhandwala, Andheri, was close to a RAW official and passed on the information. \"But it is not clear why the information was passed on to Afghan and why he fell for it,\" a security official said.Afghan initially was a partner in a hookah parlour in Oshiwara, said a police officer. \"His partner, a police informer, wanted to make a movie with a starlet known for her item numbers. The starlet's brother was Afghan's friend and he soon started arranging girls for shows abroad. During his questioning soon after Laila's disappearance, he reportedly said that he married her,\" the officer said.A security establishment source said that in the post-26/11 age, intelligence agencies were not in a position to ignore any information received by them. \"Afghan has been in touch with officials. He keeps travelling and since the information came from Pakistan, we believed it,\" an official said. Another said that the sudden inflow of intelligence could be because of money. But he declined to disclose the deal with Afghan. \"Anyhow, the money offered for intelligence now is higher than before 26/11.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14870294", "title": "Manipur assembly resolves to adopt Inner Line Permit System", "text": "IMPHAL: The state assembly on Friday passed a resolution to extend and adopt the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873, a statute under which the Inner Line Permit System (ILPS) is to be granted, with necessary changes in the point of details to the state, and to urge the Centre to comply with the same.This came amid a growing public movement demanding enforcement of ILPS. The self-explanatory Joint Committee on ILPS, a conglomerate of several civil bodies of the state, even imposed a 24-hour 'public emergency' that ended on Friday midnight.The house's resolution followed a private members' business moved by three legislators of the opposition Trinamool Congress led by I Ibohalbi Singh even as widespread demonstration and public rallies demanding implementation of ILPS in Manipur intensified on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14873558", "title": "Delhi high court stays its own order asking President to make donations public", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday stayed its earlier order holding that under the Right to Information Act, every citizen was entitled to know the donations given by the President of India.While staying the single judge's order upholding the CIC's direction to the President's secretariat to make public the names of recipients of the donations, besides their address and the sum of donation given by the first citizen, a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw issued notice to Nitish Kumar Tripathi, the RTI applicant, and sought his response by August 24.Tripathi had sought information about the donations made by the President between 2009 and 2011.The bench was hearing an appeal filed by the President's office seeking quashing of the single judge's June 14 order saying \"disclosure of information has no relationship to any public activity or interest. The impugned order is erroneous and liable to be set aside\".\"The CIC had directed disclosure of information without first coming to the conclusion that larger public interest justifies the disclosure of such information,\" the appeal said.While dismissing Rashtrapati Bhavan's plea against the CIC's May 4 order to provide the information to Tripathi, Justice Vipin Sanghi had on June 14 said, \"Every citizen is entitled to know as to how the money, which is collected by the state from him by exaction, has been utilized. Merely because the person making the donations happens to be the President of India is no ground to withhold the said information.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14876555", "title": "Court orders woman to pay Rs 3L as compensation", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The first additional sub-court here has ordered a Port Office woman employee to pay a former Port officer a compensation of Rs 3 lakh with 12% annual interest for raising false allegation of sexual harassment against him.A Molly, a UD clerk at the Port Office here, had alleged that she was sexually harassed by captain C Haridas Nair, the then port officer.According to the petition filed by Haridas Nair, the woman had raised the allegation after she was reprimanded for dereliction of duty.She submitted a complaint to the Director of Ports in July 2006, following which the Complaints Committee conducted an inquiry into the allegation.According to Haridas Nair, the committee exonerated him from all the charges. Molly later withdrew her complaint saying the allegation had been raised owing to some misunderstanding.Later, when additional secretary (Fisheries and Ports) conducted another enquiry, she alleged that she had retracted the allegations following threat by the port officer. Haridas Nair, in the meantime, was transferred to Kollam.The high court, which heard his plea challenging the order, ruled that the transfer was only on the basis of administrative exigencies.Haridas Nair moved the court in 2008 seeking compensation for the mental agony he had undergone and the court ordered Molly to pay the damages.Kozhikode: First Additional Sub Court here has asked a woman employee with the Port Office to pay a compensation of Rs. 3 lakh with 12 per cent annual interest for raising false allegation of sexual harassment against former Port Officer.A Molly, who was a UD clerk at the Port Office here, had alleged that she was sexually harassed by the then Port Officer Captain C Haridas Nair.According to the petition filed by Haridas Nair, the woman raised the allegation after she was reprimanded for dereliction of duty. She submitted a complaint to the Director of Ports in July 2006, following which the Complaints Committee conducted a probe into the allegation. According to Haridas Nair, the Committee exonerated him from all the charges.Molly later withdrew her complaint saying that allegation was raised due to some misunderstanding.Later, when Additional Secretary (Fisheries and Ports) conducted another enquiry she alleged that she retracted her allegations following threat by the Port Officer. Haridas Nair, in the meantime, was transferred to Kollam. The High Court, which heard the plea challenging the order, stated that the transfer was only on the basis of administrative exigencies.Haridas Nair moved the court in 2008 seeking compensation for the mental agony he underwent and the court ordered the woman employee to pay the damages the other day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kolkata/ haldia", "code": "14872209", "title": "Court grants conditional bail to Lakshman Seth", "text": "KOLKATA/ HALDIA: After spending 118 days behind the bars, former CPM MP Lakshman Seth got conditional bail from the Calcutta high court on Friday. He is expected to walk out of the Alipore jail, where he was shifted on June 27 from Haldia sub-jail, soon. CID officers had implicated Seth and 87 others for launching an attack on BUPC supporters in November, 2007. He was arrested from Mumbai on March 17.A division bench of justices Ashim Kumar Roy and Toufique Uddin granted the bail on a Rs 50,000 bond and two local sureties. Seth can't enter East Midnapore district unless he goes to meet the case Investigating Officer (IO) twice a week. On May 19, the same bench had turned down the bail plea after the CID pleaded it was yet to unearth more evidence to file a supplementary chargesheet against Seth and other leaders. Then Seth had to spend 65 days in custody. However, CID's failure to file any more chargesheet in the interim prompted the court to grant Seth bail. The bail was also rejected initially because Seth was on the run when CID officers nabbed him.It still isn't clear whether the state will appeal against the bail order. CID DGP V V Thambi said, \"A decision will be taken at the appropriate time.\" Before the Calcutta high court, the Haldia trial court had twice turned down Seth's bail plea.CPM reacted to Seth getting bail with caution. Party state secretary Biman Bose said, \"The court has imposed certain conditions. Law will take its own course. But we feel this is a sheer harassment to our party leaders and supporters on trumped up charges.\" Seth's advocate Bikash Bhattacharya said, \"This is a politically motivated case. The court granted him bail after going through the details. We believe this should have come earlier.\"In Haldia - Seth's home turf - there wasn't any overt show of jubilation either. CPM's East Midnapore district secretary Kanu Sahu said, \"We always maintained this as a political conspiracy. This isn't an end to the legal battle. We hope all party workers implicated in the case will be exonerated.\" Seth's wife Tamalika said, \"The conditions aren't only stiff but very humiliating for a leader of his stature. We will pursue this case to its logical end.\" She did add though for her personally it is a sense of relief.In Nandigram, the scenes were those of anguish. Sushama Maity, whose husband Bhagirath was among those missing in the CPM-led recapture bid on November 10, 2007, claims, \"It is known that the attack was perpetrated and led by CPM leaders. However, if these people manage to evade law, we will ensure that people of Nandigram give them justice.\" Bhumi Uchched Pratirodh Committee (BUPC) convener Abu Taher said, \"We've convened a protest meeting on July 18.\" Trinamool's East Midnapore district president Mamud Hussain, however, addded, \"CID probe and subsequent arrests were at the direction of Calcutta high court. It is futile to look into politics behind it. Moreover, a bail can't be construed as acquittal.\"Along with Seth, two other senior CPM leaders - former MLA Ashok Guria and CPM district committee member Amiya Sahu - were also arrested from Mumbai. Their bail pleas are likely to be moved soon. On January 31, CID had filed a chargesheet against Seth and 87 others at the Haldia sub-divisional court. It had cited 138 witnesses to the incident. CID implicated them for leading and carrying out an attack dubbed \"Operation Sunrise (Surjyodyay)\" on unarmed BUPC supporters in November, 2007. Six persons were suspected to have been killed in the attack but their bodies were never found. Their wives filed a habeus corpus in the Calcutta high court. The court then ordered CID enquiry, who informed the court that all seven were killed and their bodies dumped in river Haldi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14874606", "title": "District administration to organize camps", "text": "MANGALORE: The district administration has decided to hold health camps across Dakshina Kannada on July 22 to identify malnutrition in children in the age group of 0-6. The decision was taken at a meeting of officials convened by additional deputy commissioner K Dayananda on Thursday in the wake of a directive by the Supreme Court. Medical check-ups will be conducted on all children, who are studying in private schools in the district.Dayananda directed officials of the departments of women and child welfare, and health and family to work together to identify malnutrition in children. \"As per the Supreme Court directive, we need to complete the health check-up of children of the age group of 0-6, pregnant and lactating mothers by July 22 and a report should be submitted thereafter,\" Dayananda said.Mangalore City Corporation commissioner Harish Kumar said large number of children in the city is not enrolled in anganwadis. \"The corporation will cooperate create awareness and to organize health check-up camps,\" he added. Dayananda said that another meeting will be convened to finalize the venues of the camps in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14886838", "title": "Manchu Manoj's UKUP release on Raksha Bandhan", "text": "Manchu Manoj-starrer Uu Kodutara Ulikki Padutaraa is releasing on August 2. Earlier, the film's release was pushed back due to delay in the post production works but now all seems to be set for the release. The film's producer Lakshmi Prasanna announced that the movie would come on August 2 on the occasion of Raksha Bandhan.She said, \"Rakhi is one of those festivals everybody celebrates with great fervor and we are happy to release UKUP on that occasion\".Natasimha Nandamuri Balakrishna is playing a powerful cameo in this film, which has Deeksha Seth and Panchi Bora playing female leads. Lakshmi Prasanna also played an important role while Sonu Sood will be seen as a baddie. Sekhar Raja is directing the film, which is presented by Mohan Babu. Uu Kodutara Ulikki Padutaraa unit will also celebrate music platinum disc function shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14874615", "title": "Develop Trinity heritage circuit: Chander Prakash", "text": "LUCKNOW: Calling Lucknow a melting pot of religion, culture and languages, Chander Prakash, president of Lucknow Connect spoke about developing the city as a tourist destination, but not in isolation. He suggested developing Trinity Heritage Circuit which envisages integrated development of wonder city of Agra, fantasy city of Lucknow and the oldest city of Varanasi.The foremost requirement to develop tourism is developing air connectivity. \"The Taj belongs to our state and yet we cannot capitalise on it. It is our loss,\" he said. To capitalise on tourism potential in Agra, there is a need to make its night life electrifying. The city should enthuse its guests to stay on,\" he said. The three cities, including Lucknow, should have international flights to and fro all the major countries, he added.The development of these three cities has to be monitored by three different officers of the government. The potential world heritage sites in these cities should be looked after and maintained with due diligence.Talking specifically about Lucknow, Chander Prakash said, Urban Arts Commission can be developed to develop and preserve Lucknow's cultural ethos. Apart from Hazratganj's maintenance, Aminabad and Chowk should also be targeted. The Gomti that runs through the city's heart has to be conserved. The river has lost its pristine glory. Its flow has reduced and is badly contaminated, he said.\"River inter-linking can be considered,\" he said. There is a need to construct parks like Lohia Park in the city. The traffic congestion is the constant public woe, and efforts have to be made to do away with it. \"The government is already studying the feasibility of metro rail and bus rapid transport system, it can also study mono rails,\" he said.The city has to have enough employment opportunities for its people. There is a need to bring in BPOs which can employ thousands of people. Though 14% of state's population is employed in IT sector, it only contributes 5-6% revenue.\"Can we do something to check migration of children after 10+2 to other cities for better educational opportunities,\" he asked. He also suggested bringing the professionals employed outside the state back to UP.Five points:1. Lucknow is all about culture, therefore if Lucknow has to survive, its culture should be preserved2. Agra-Lucknow-Varanasi Trinity Heritage Circuit has to be develop to tap the tourism potential in the state3. Lucknow and other cities should have better air connectivity, with more international flights4. The Gomti has to be saved5. There is a need to improve the transport network in the city. Mono rails can be considered", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14872919", "title": "Can\u2019t let lokpal direct probes, says CBI chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is opposed to nearly all substantive aspects of the Lokpal Bill relating to the agency, arguing it needs more autonomy rather than its investigation and prosecution wings being made subservient to the anti-graft watchdog.Addressing the select committee of Rajya Sabha on the Lokpal bill, CBI director AP Singh made a strong pitch for the agency retaining control over its anti-corruption wing, saying that it was becoming increasingly difficult to compartmentalize graft from other criminal activities.Pointing to UP's National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) fiddle, Singh said the Rs 2,000-crore scam involved a series of murders besides corruption. There were similar overlaps in cases of corruption and white collar crime with investigations involving corporate entities as well.The CBI chief's opposition to the prosecution wing being placed under the Lokpal and his reference to the Supreme Court rulings to argue that the anti-corruption ombudsman could \"superintend\" but not direct investigations will make the task of evolving a consensus on the bill even more challenging.Singh, whose tenure as head of CBI has seen it investigate cases like the 2G and Commonwealth Games scams, said the prosecution wing is an integral part of the agency. He said the agency's prosecution record is fairly robust and there is no need to place this function under the Lokpal.Perhaps aware of criticism that the prosecution wing is vulnerable to directions from the law ministry, Singh advocated enhancing CBI's autonomy saying that it needed more financial and administrative powers. He said the CBI would function more effectively if it was not dependent for its resources on ministries.The CBI director told the committee, headed by Congress MP Satyavrat Chaturvedi, that the SC has clearly said the process of investigation cannot be influenced or directed by any agency. The police is solely in-charge of determining how the case will be proceeded with. Even when courts are monitoring cases, the investigative agency is not directed on how to proceed.Similarly, Singh objected to the Lokpal having a say on deciding whether a chargesheet will be filed at the end of an investigation, saying this ought to be the agency's prerogative. The director also said the suggestion that an accused be allowed to see the evidence against him at a stage prior to charges being framed in court was impractical.Singh, however, supported the proposal for a collegium that includes senior Opposition leader to select the CBI director from a panel of candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14872339", "title": "Rain lashes Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangaloreans could not have asked for a better Friday. A heavy downpour lashed the cityscape, with 3.2mm rain recorded in the city and 28.9 mm in the HAL observatory till 8.30pm, leaving denizens both relieved and inconvenienced.The incessant rain ensured that traffic came to a standstill at various important junctions in the city, and on major roads, like KH Road and Bannerghatta Road. Traffic crawled in central Bangalore with commuters braving water-filled potholes to reach home.There were long queues at pre-paid auto counters. With autos running full, traffic police manning the counter had to forcibly stop autos with passengers and make them share space with people on the same route. \"I desperately wanted to get into an auto, given the heavy downpour. So when they put me in an auto which was going towards Shantinagar, I was glad,\" said Mini Thomas, a techie who resides in Residency Road.Jyoti Sharma, an advertising professional, was put into an auto with two other female passengers travelling to Koramangala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14870379", "title": "Central team to assess damage caused by floods, informs P Chidambaram", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Centre will soon depute a team of officials to assess the damages caused in the recent spate of floods in Arunachal Pradesh , Union home minister P Chidambaram informed Arunachal chief minister Nabam Tuki, who called on him at New Delhi on Thursday, and briefed him on the extensive damages caused by the recent spate of flashfloods in the state, official sources said here on Friday.Heavy and continuous rainfall during the last part of June and early July had triggered an unprecedented spate of flashfloods across the state, washing away several roads and bridges and inundating innumerable villages.Besides extensive damage to properties, a few lives were also lost in the floods, forcing the state government to sound a red alert across Arunachal.Tuki particularly highlighted the damages caused to road infrastructure snapping connectivity to various townships and villages in districts including the state capital, Itanagar. He also informed of disruption of power and water supplies and inundation of vast stretches of agricultural and horticultural land, which caused huge losses to farmers.Ongoing projects, like hydel projects and the Trans-Arunachal Highway, have also been adversely affected by the abrupt monsoon rains and cloudbursts, Tuki apprised Chidambaram during the meeting, sources disclosed.Chidambaram assured Tuki that a final decision for provision of relief would be taken after submission of the report by the team. The minister also assured fund provisions from his ministry for development of infrastructure under police modernization to the state, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "14878507", "title": "Labh puts his life in words post-retirement", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: After his retirement from the post of zonal director of department of youth affairs and sports, Labh Singh has found an engaging way to spend his time constructively, penning his experiences in life for his maiden book \" Ankiyasi Manzil\", slated for release next month.The book weaves through Singh's journey from the time when he was a primary teacher to his stint as a zonal director. He retired from his service in 2005.The 67-year-old debutant author says his long awaited wish to publish a book will now be fulfilled. \"While in service with the ministry of youth affairs and sports, I lived in different states and experienced different cultures and activities,\" says Singh, who was in Orissa when the state was hit by a cyclone and in Gujarat when an earthquake hit Bhuj. He finds writing a book the best way to express what he has observed.A resident of Pakhowal Road, Singh says he started working on his book when his friend and former general secretary of Punjabi Sahit Akademi Ravinder Singh Bhattal advised him to do so in 2011. \"Apart from my professional experience, this book also reveals my student life and parts of personal life,\" says Singh, who had to hold himself through a tragic phase after his wife Gurmail Kaur passed while his book was midway. \"She is my inspiration,\" says the author.Singh's friend Bhattal says the book would be liked by readers as it includes many interesting phases of its author's life. \"His book depicts a life of struggle and could guide a person to achieve his goal with determination. It would be a good read for youngsters,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14876535", "title": "Kapil Sibal hopes to win over Nitish with Motihari varsity gift", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an indication of how the Centre is keen on continuing its bonhomie with JD(U), which recently extended support to Pranab Muherjee's presidential candidature, the HRD ministry has decided to set up a Central university in Motihari in addition to the one proposed in Gaya.\"We have approved the establishment of a Central university in Motihari, and the long-standing issue has been resolved,\" HRD minister Kapil Sibal said on Friday.The decision will entail that the Central Universities Act, 2009, needs to be amended to enable opening of two Central universities in Bihar. The Act had a provision for setting two Central universities in Jammu and Kashmir as a special case. Bihar will be the second exception.Government sources said the UPA expects the ministry's largesse could result in better cooperation from JD(U) in the ensuing monsoon session of Parliament, where some key bills are likely to be passed.Sibal defended the plan to set up a second central varsity in Motihari, saying there was a long-pending demand to set up the institution there. Sources said though the state government had earlier suggested sites in Motihari, those were not found to be suitable since they were located in flood-prone zone.Now, the proposed university in Motihari\u2014 to be spread over 300 acres \u2014 will come up at Bankat Bairaria and Fursatpur villages along NH-28A.However, the UPA has refused to increase the financial assistance for setting up of the two varsities that would entail a Central aid of Rs 240 crore.Though the Nitish Kumar government had originally demanded a Central university in Motihari, the HRD ministry decided to set up the institution in Gaya arguing that land was available and the town enjoyed good connectivity. JD(U) and other political parties had been pushing the demand for a Central university in Motihari to end regional disparities.Even the state legislature had passed a resolution on this. The site selection committee recommended the site while taking note of the improved highway connectivity to Motihari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14891157", "title": "Sylvester Stallone's son found dead in LA apartment", "text": "Sylvester Stallone's son Sage has died of a suspected drug overdose in his Los Angeles apartment. He was 36.The tragic incident has left the actor grief-stricken, his publicist said.Authorities were investigating the cause of death, but details were not immediately available.Paramedics were called, but he was pronounced dead at the scene.\"Sylvester Stallone is devastated and grief-stricken over the sudden loss of his son. His compassion and thoughts are with Sage's mother, Sasha,\" News.com.au quoted publicist Michelle Bega as saying in a statementLos Angeles police said they were dispatched to investigate a death at a home on Mulholland Terrace around 2:15pm but could not confirm the person's identity or offer details.Coroner's officials also said they were in the initial investigative stages.\"Sage was a very talented and wonderful young man, his loss will be felt forever,\" Bega said.George Braunstein, an attorney who has represented Sage for 15 years, said a housekeeper found his body Friday afternoon.Friends and acquaintances had become concerned because they hadn't heard from Stallone in the past day, Braunstein said.Sage Moonblood Stallone was the oldest of the 'Rocky' star's children and co-starred with his father in two films. He was the first of two sons Stallone had with first wife Sasha Czack.Sage made his acting debut in 1990's 'Rocky V' and also appeared with his father in 1996's 'Daylight.'Also in 1996, Sage Stallone and veteran film editor Bob Murawski co-founded Grindhouse Releasing, a company dedicated to preserving and promoting the B-movies and exploitation films of the 1970s and 80s.\"He was very respectful of all the actors in all the movies ,\" Braunstein said.\"You couldn't mention a movie that he didn't know everything about.\"Sage also directed the 2006 short 'Vic,' which screened at the Palm Springs Film Festival.Braunstein said Stallone was planning on getting married for the first time, and had frequent requests to work on films.\"He was a full of life filmmaker with his whole future ahead of him,\" Braunstein said. \"He was just very up and enthusiastic and positive.\"I think it was probably some sort of accident,\" he said of the death.Braunstein said Sage greatly admired his father but was working hard to make his own name in the film industry.\"He was very proud of his father and proud to be his father's son,\" Braustein added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14872327", "title": "DMIMS Wardha introduces PhD in forensic medicine", "text": "NAGPUR: In a unique initiative Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences (DMIMS), a deemed university in Wardha, is starting a doctorate programme in forensic medicine from this academic session onwards.To begin with, the university will be inviting applications for five students, since only one professor is available to guide the PhD students. Speaking to TOI, pro-chancellor Dr Ved Prakash Mishra, the man behind the innovative idea, said it was a futuristic approach to start a doctoral degree in forensic medicine in a private set up, as very few medical colleges in the country have even a postgraduate degree in forensic medicine.\"Our institute, the Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College, Sawangi Meghe, Wardha, a constituent unit of DMIMS, has all the prerequisites for starting a course. The college has an experienced supervisor to guide the students and is a recognized centre for postgraduate research in medical sciences by the University Grants Commission,\" said Dr Mishra.Since there are very few avenues for postgraduate degrees in forensic medicine in various medical colleges across the country, there are almost no qualified teachers in the subject. DMIMS has created a platform to churn out teachers. All teachers at medical colleges can take up this course and upgrade their qualification. Also, those working in the field of forensic medicine can take up this course to improve their professional qualification.There is another handicap in the development of forensic medicine as a medical subject at large scale. Private medical colleges all over the country are not entitled to do post mortems or autopsy work, since the state governments do not grant permission for this to unaided and private medical colleges.Otherwise too, most private colleges cannot meet requirements of the Medical Council of India (MCI) in conducting post mortem work and hence there are minimal avenues to improve postgraduate education in forensic medicine.The department of forensic medicine at JNMC, Sawangi Meghe, Wardha, is headed by Dr AJ Anjankar, who possesses the prescribed eligibility to be recognized as PhD supervisor. The university has already got an inspection done for the course.Since DMIMS is a deemed university, it does not require any other clearance from any other agency. \"The doctoral degree will go a long way in the field of higher education in forensic medicine and create better professionals in the subject, which is fast evolving elsewhere in the world,\" said Dr Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14873025", "title": "Fire at Ukkadam sewage farm", "text": "COIMBATORE: A fire ravaged Ukkadam sewage farm on Friday afternoon. The actual cause of fir is yet to be ascertained; however the locals say cigarette butts left in the grass might have led to the fire.M Abdul Rahman , a resident living nearby, said the fire started around 3pm however the fire tenders reached the spot only by 4pm. Meanwhile, it took another two hours for the another set of fire tenders to reach. Corporation water trucks were also rushed to the scene of incident.R Ekambaran, the councillor of a neighbouring corporation ward said they had come to know about the issue by 2.30pm. They were initially afraid that the people nearby may get affected by the fire.The fire tender officials said they had taken all steps to put the fire under control. N Subramaniam, the district fire officer denied their vehicles were delayed in reaching the spot. \"We reached the spot as soon as we came to know. The fire will be under control before midnight,\" he added.At the same time, some fire force officials who were at the spot and involved in the fire dousing efforts said that the corporation had excessively delayed in informing the fire safety department and bringing in reimbursements.The corporation officials denied the allegations and said that they had taken immediate efforts to douse the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14874537", "title": "School functions with only 1 teacher", "text": "MANGALORE: Even though, free and compulsory education for children up to 14 years is a constitutional commitment in the country, as many as 73 students from class I to class VII of the Zilla Panchayat Higher Primary School at Ayodhyanagar village in Bajathoor in Puttur taluk are languishing under lack of concern from authorities. They have to make do with only one teacher.Time and again the department of public instructions has ignored the requests of parents and the School Development and Monitoring Committee (SDMC) to fill the vacant seats, said N Gopalakrishna Poroli, an SDMC member. \"When the school was inaugurated in 1997, the government had sanctioned four teachers which was less than the actual requirement. At present, three teachers' posts are vacant in the school,\" he said, adding that the issue was also raised in the gram sabha meeting.Meanwhile, Valored, an NGO working in the education sector, is all set to bring the issue to the notice of the state commissioner of primary education. \"We have taken up the case and will work to put pressure on the government to resolve the issue,\" said Valored director Renni D'Souza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14892020", "title": "Jaya demands additional quota for Haj pilgrimage", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday sought Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's intervention to enhance the Haj pilgrimage quota taking into account the sizeable Muslim population and the large number of applications received from the state in 2012.\"The Tamil Nadu State Haj Committee this year has received more than 12,100 applications for Haj 2012. The Haj Committee of India, Mumbai, has allotted a quota of 2,863 seats for Tamil Nadu. Needless to say, this is woefully inadequate\", she said in a letter to Singh.Pointing out that in 2011, the Haj Committee of India had initially allotted a quota of 3,049 seats against more than 10,000 applications received from pilgrims in Tamil Nadu, she said after the release of additional quota and government discretionary quota, a total of 4,084 pilgrims from this state were able to perform the Haj pilgrimage during 2011.\"Whereas the quota for this year is fixed at 2,863 only, which is an all time low\", she said. \"I therefore, request your kind intervention to enhance the quota taking into account the sizable Muslim population and the large number of applications received from Tamil Nadu for 2012\", she said, adding that the PM directs the Ministry of External Affairs to release a suitable additional number, so that a greater number of pilgrims from Tamil Nadu would be benefited and enabled to perform the Haj pilgrimage in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871239", "title": "Captain blames Adarsh promoter RC Thakur", "text": "MUMBAI: Captain (retd) Praveen Kumar was on Friday grilled by senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri, counsel for the Adarsh judicial commission, as well as advocate M Vasudev, counsel for the state government.Confronted with a letter dated December 8, 2008 written by him to the city collector, Kumar said, \"In this letter I had given my address as 20/B Sheetal Apartments, Ghatkopar. I had taken this room on rent. But in fact I sent this letter from New Zealand.'' When questioned about why he did not mention his New Zealand address in the letter, Kumar chose to blame Adarsh accused and society promoter R C Thakur. \"I didn't mention my New Zealand address in this letter because Thakur told me that I should maintain my address in Mumbai to make my case stronger,\" claimed Kumar. \"At no point of time did I inform the collector that I had shifted to New Zealand.\"Subsequently, he was shown an affidavit he had filed in May 2008, where he claimed that he was \"a resident of Maharashtra and residing in Maharashtra since 1968 being in naval services of the Ministry of Defence\".Kumar confessed: \"It is true that on the date of this affidavit I was a resident of New Zealand.\" In July 2010 he was given a domicile certificate. \"On the date of this certificate I was residing in New Zealand. It is true that in my application and affidavit I did not disclose the fact of my residence and citizenship of New Zealand.\" He further admitted that when he got his New Zealand citizenship, he had surrendered his Indian passport.Captain (Retd) Kumar went on to claim that he had dual citizenship. This claim is questionable as India does not grant dual citizenship. Kumar also claimed that the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court had ruled in his favour in a contempt petition he had filed against the authorities in an Adarsh-related matter. However, TOI checked out a copy of the order dated September 23, 2010 (Contempt petition 77 of 2010), where the high court in fact has dismissed the petition.Government sources, however, claimed that since he had applied for membership to Adarsh in 1999, the domicile is for the 15 years preceding that date. \"The question is does his New Zealand citizenship disqualify him from a flat in Adarsh?\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14872076", "title": "Auto drivers to stage demos today", "text": "NAGPUR: After failing to break ice with the transport department and city traffic police, 'authorized' autorickshaw drivers will stage a demonstration at Shankar Nagar Square on July 14 at 4pm to press their demand to stop six-seater autorickshaws and other illegal passenger vehicles from operating on city roads.According to autorickshaw drivers affiliated to Nagpur Zilla Auto Chalak Malak Mahasangh, over 20,000 autorickshaws ply on city roads. Of this, only 12,300 are permit holders. Besides, there are over 3,000 six-seater autorickshaws that are plying in corporation limits even though they have no permits. \"Little has been done to get them off the roads, despite high court's directives,\" said the association secretary, Harishchandra Pawar.\"Most of the illegal autos operate on city routes from Sitabuldi, which is their hub, to areas like Pardi, Hudkeshwar, Hingna, Dighori, Manewada, Koradi, Kamptee and Defence-Wadi. Similarly, around 500 Tata Magic vans have started operating from city limits,\" pointed out Pawar. Despite complaints, the traffic police have reportedly favoured these illegal vehicles. In fact, cops deployed at junctions like Law College Square and Shankar Nagar Square turn a blind eye to these vehicles, claimed another member, Bharat Verma, adding, \"These illegal passengers' vehicles are affecting our business very badly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14871613", "title": "Government releases 400 crore to clear cane dues", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government is in a fix over the Supreme Court order asking it to clear cane dues pending for disbursement to nearly three million farmers in the state for the crushing season of 2011-12. What makes the situation tricky for the government is its failure to clear these dues running over Rs 2,000 crore even after the expiry of the July 7 deadline set by the apex court in its order dated April 20, 2012.This has created a piquant situation before the government, as it stands to face the contempt of court for non compliance of its order. Rounds of meetings were thus held on Friday in this connection when details were sought about the issue by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav after his return from a week-long trip to abroad. Notably, the issue gains all the more importance, as the department is held by the CM himself.As a quick measure, the government on Friday released Rs 400 crore towards the clearance of the dues amounting to Rs 566 crore on the UP Cooperative Sugar Federation. But despite this, the federation has still to pay Rs 166 crore more to farmers. For this purpose, the CM is said to have asked the officials to arrange fund to clear these dues.However, the issue does not end here. The biggest defaulters are the private sugar mills, who have to pay around Rs 1,920 crore as cane dues for the said period. In this category, the highest dues, according to cane department sources, are on the Bajaj group. The list of some other important defaulting mills include Malakpur (Rs 88 crore), Mawana (Rs 86 crore), Modinagar (Rs 63 crore), Baheri (Rs 57 crore), Era (Rs 55 crore), Sardarnagar (Rs 48 crore), Bisauli (Rs 43 crore), Gopi (Rs 14 crore) and Nyoli ( Rs 10 crore).When asked to comment, a senior official said, \"The only option now left is to issue the recovery notice and take deterrent action against the defaulting mill owners.\" The deterrent action could mean arrest and seizure of the stocks of the defaulting mill owners, the official said, adding that for this the decision had to be taken at a senior level.But so far, indication shows that the government is not in a hurry to resort to such an option. Reason for this is not too far to seek. The predicament of the government is that the UP Power Corporation Limited itself is a defaulter in non-payment of around Rs 1,000 crore as dues against co-generation supplied to it by the private sugar mills. Thus the private sugar mill owners have set a condition before the government to either adjust its dues against the cane dues or clear their payment first.It may be recalled that the state advised price (SAP) of cane fixed by the state government in 2011-12 was challenged by the private mill owners in the Allahabad High Court. The price was then fixed at Rs 240 per quintal for general variety and Rs 250 per quintal for early maturing variety.Taking a strong objection to the steep hike in the SAP, the sugar mill owners pleaded before the court that this should not be imposed on them, as this would lead to the closure of the mills. However, the court rejecting their contention, upheld the government's decision of the hike in SAP in its order issued in January 2012. This was challenged before the Supreme Court, which in its order issued on April 20, 2012 upheld the High Court's order.When the Supreme Court delivered its verdict, the total cane dues stood at around Rs 4,000 crore. So considering the magnitude of the dues, the apex court clarified in its order that these dues should be paid in three installments ie on every 7{+t}{+h} of May, June and July. Some dues were also cleared during this period, but around Rs 2,000 crore still remains to be paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14872198", "title": "Top cop vows to turn jail into an ashram", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu prisons are on a spiritual highway, it seems. If the state's additional director-general of police (prisons) S K Dogra has his way, the convict prison in Puzhal will be the first jail to become an 'ashram'.\"The daily mind-tuning starts with me telling the inmates that they should consider themselves to be members of an ashram rather than criminals and prisoners. This creates a mindset that starts off a positive process,\" says the officer who wants to extend this to other jails. \"You will be stunned if you hear our group of spiritualists in the prison chanting mantras,\" the officer says.Dogra now plans to compartmentalize the jail into different blocks housing inmates with specific skill sets. The jail will soon have a spiritual block, actors' block, literary block and painters block.\"The inmates have been divided into various groups depending on their desire to specialize in a skill,\" he says. Here is his reasoning: \"An intensive reformation centre (IRC) works on the principle that negative behavioural patterns acquired by inmates in the process of their development during the past decades must be reversed and replaced by positive behavioural patterns.\"While the earlier reformation programmes based on yoga and meditation sessions touched the surface of the personality of the prison-inmates, he says, IRC goes much deeper and works more systematically.\"IRC uses a fast-forward method of passing the inmate through a process of psychological growth that one normally goes through during the process of socialization.\"Dogra says he learned the \"technique\" from a friend who runs a stress-management centre in Egmore. He adds that Tamil Nadu prisons will soon start a Prison Bazaar which is an ambitious scheme of chief minister J Jayalalithaa to convert the prisons into revenue-generating factories.However, prison reform activists are skeptical about the move. \"As per the Tamil Nadu Prison Manual, segregation of prisoners may be done only on the basis of the gravity of offence and the conduct of the inmate. The idea is to keep a first-timer or a person facing less stringent charges away from a hardcore criminal. Grouping inmates on the basis of their extra-curricular activities and aspirations might lead to groupism and indiscipline,\" cautioned an activist, not willing to be quoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14874596", "title": "Science museum to come up at Banaras Hindu University", "text": "VARANASI: Banaras Hindu University (BHU) had planned to set up science heritage museum in a multi-storey building in front of Bharat Kala Bhawan.Bharat Kala Bhawan director Dev Prakash Sharma said that the in the first phase of the project, a science heritage equipment gallery has been proposed which will be opened by the year-end. The old science heritage equipment from faculty of science, Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), Institute of Agricultural Studies (IAS), Indian Institue of Technology (IIT) will be collected and displayed in the museum.There are proposals to construct different galleries on various theme like 'Our Universe and origin of the earth', 'Story of human development', physics, mathematics, metals, power, electricity, television, zoology, popular science, light and sound-operated coal mines, entertainment sciences and technical advancement, space, dinosaurs corner, aerospace, digital information advancement, VSAT, butterfly corner, magic of science, fishes home, and story of Gangajal. The museum will have exhibition galleries, two halls, library, computer laboratory, science parks, auditorium and other structures. Sharma said that it will take around 2 to 3 years to construct the museum.Closing ceremony: International School for Jain Studies (ISJS) of Parshwanath Vidyapeeth completed its academic session for two courses on Thursday. As many as 31 international students participated to study the Jain religion and philosophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14873904", "title": "South Goa collector hints at lifting mining transport ban", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa collector N D Agarwal, is yet to take a decision over the applications made by several mining firms, seeking permission to allow them to carry out mining transportation in the district.Speaking to TOI, Agarwal hinted at granting permission for the transportation by imposing certain conditions and ensuring that all safeguards are in place.Agarwal had, in early June, issued an order banning transportation of ore in talukas of Quepem, Sanguem and Dharbandora until September 12, but days later relaxed the ban to allow conditional transportation.Following the relaxation of the ban, several mining firms- Sesa Goa, Timblo, A X Palondicar, Minescape- had sought permission from the South Goa collector for transportation of ore. Hit by the shortage of mineral ore, Sesa Goa has already disclosed its plans of shutting down its pig iron and metallurgical coke plants at Amona in Bicholim taluka.\"As I have already issued an order relaxing the ban, permission for transportation will be granted only if I am convinced that the mining transporters will adhere to all the conditions laid down. While safety of the people residing in the mining belt is of paramount importance, there are also issues of livelihood of truck owners that need to be considered. The transporters and the mining companies have to ensure that no threat is posed to or inconvenience caused to the residents,\" Agarwal told TOI.Agarwal pointed out to a clause in his modified order that any violation of the conditions will amount to an offence under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, and that the talathis of the respective areas, in-charge of the police stations and in-charge of traffic cell have been authorized to file an FIR against the violators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14875501", "title": "Animation centre to be set up in Mohali: Ambika Soni", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Noting that there was a huge growth potential in media and entertainment industry, I and B minister Ambika Soni on Friday said the country's first Animation, Gaming and Visual Effect Centre of Excellence will be set up in Mohali in Punjab.Quoting industry reports, she said a huge growth potential in the media and entertainment sector has been predicted over the next five years.Soni told reporters that a growth rate of 18% had been predicted in the radio broadcast sector, 9% in the print media industry and 12% in the TV industry. To channelise this growth opportunity, the government would complete the digitalisation process in the four main metros by October 31 and the entire process will be completed by end of 2014 in the country, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14874670", "title": "Income Tax officials map mine of Sharma in Jhabua", "text": "BHOPAL: Income Tax officials along with their counterparts in the mining department carried out mapping of manganese mine of teacher-turned-mining magnet from Madhya Pradesh, Sudhir Sharma at Jhabua district.A team of I-T and mining department officials in about 17 to 18 four-wheelers have left for the state capital on Friday after carrying out their mapping in Jhabua, sources said.This exercise has been taken by the taxmen to know the actual area being mined by Sharma so as to calculate his income. IT officials didn't divulge detail of their exercise.Usually, people who get mining lease do the mining around the space awarded to them and conceal their income out of it as well, they added.Sharma's SR Ferro was doing manganese mining at Megh Nagar with huge excavation machinery in Jhabua since 2006.After raiding 60 places of Sharma, contractor-turned-billionaire Dilip Suryavanshi and their associates in Bhopal and across India unearthing huge wealth last fortnight, the IT has started investigations against them to work out their actual income.These people have come under the I-T department's scanner after the central agency got some strong evidence that they were indulged in tax evasion.Sharma as well as Suryavanshi have allegedly amassed enormous wealth after the BJP came to power in MP in December 2003. Suryavanshi too was in mining business and the area leased out to him too would be mapped by I-T officials shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14871171", "title": "HC reserves order on Sanjiv Bhatt's plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has reserved its order till July 20 on suspended DIG Sanjiv Bhatt's petition challenging decisions by lower courts of Jamnagar taking cognizance of offence of custodial torture against him in a 22-year-old case.Bhatt is facing trial in a Jamkhambhalia sessions court along with six other cops in 1990 alleged custodial torture case. A person had died of renal failure after he was detained with others following communal riots.Bhatt has challenged a 1995 order by a magisterial court taking cognizance of the offence despite the state government's refusal to sanction the cops' prosecution. After a medical opinion that the death of one Prabhudas Vaishnani was natural, the government filed a plea before the magistrate that the court should not take cognizance of the offence. Still cognizance was taken and Bhatt has now challenged this decision.After its decision was rejected by court, the government filed a revision plea before sessions court requesting not to prosecute cops. This plea was withdrawn by the government after Bhatt implicated chief minister Narendra Modi in the 2002 riots. Following this, way for trial was made open and Bhatt ran for cover.After a cycle of litigation, he, along with other cops, filed a revision plea before the Jamkhambhalia sessions court stating that they could not be prosecuted. He contended that the state had not given consent and court cannot take cognizance of offence. He also claimed that the court should have taken postmortem report into consideration, which showed that the death was natural. The court rejected the plea on June 30, and kept July 17, for framing of charges against the cops.Bhatt has challenged the trial court's decision of rejecting the revision application. Justice R H Shukla heard Bhatt's counsel I H Syed at length on Friday and kept his order reserved.Meanwhile, the state government also gave an undertaking that it would not oppose Bhatt's plea before the Jamkhambhalia court for deferring the procedure of charge frame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870569", "title": "Stop giving SIMs carelessly: Jejani", "text": "NAGPUR: Businessman Sunil Jejani had faced the threatening calls for Rs 10 lakh and started tracking the caller. He was the one who pointed out to the cops that the calls may have generated from someone working with a private automobile outlet from where the victims had purchased their cars in the last one year. \"It is high time that the private cell phone companies do not disburse SIM cards without checks,\" he said. Apart from Jejani, his son Sanket too aided the crime branch's cyber crime with information. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay acknowledged their contribution along with crime branch officials and Ganeshpeth police.\"The extortionists were targeting car buyers from his outlet,\" said Jejani who negotiated with the callers as per police direction and did not panic. The long negotiations helped police pin down the callers with cell phone details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14872770", "title": "Auto companies want more cities under BS-IV fuel cover", "text": "NEW DELHI: Automobile manufacturers on Friday asked the government to expedite implementation of \"one country one fuel\" policy by speeding up the notification of more cities under BS-IV fuel coverage. At present, BS-IV norms are applicable only in 13 cities and the government has kept notification for seven cities pending due to non-availability of high quality fuel.In a meeting chaired by road transport and highways minister CP Joshi, CEOs and MDs of major automobile companies such as Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors, Ashok Leyland, Bajaj and Kirloskar said the dual-norm policy should end soon. \"We have to have two lines of production \u2014 one for BS-III vehicles and another for BS-IV. Once you have single norm applicable all over the country, this issue will be resolved and it will help the supply chain,\" one of the participants said.Industry body Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (Siam) director general Vishnu Mathur said until there was single fuel norm across the country, no one would buy a BS-IV truck.According to the petroleum ministry, introduction of BS-IV fuel across the country is not feasible as that would require additional investment of approximately Rs 50,000 crore and the industry does not have that kind of resources. Automobile industry representatives said they were prepared to produce vehicles that could comply with Euro stage-V and stage-VI norms and they have been doing so for exporting to European countries.\"At present, we are lagging since high quality fuel is not available. Once that gap is plugged, these companies can produce same standard vehicle for domestic as well as international markets,\" a highways ministry official said. Automobile manufacturers, including two-wheeler makers in India, export about 15%-20% of their products.However, others feel that by raising the need of pan-India rollout of BS-IV fuel norm, automobile manufacturers are trying to downplay issues of vehicle safety and auto recall. \"We have found that no truck manufacturer has sold a single vehicle complying with BS-IV norms. When there is no supply of such vehicles, customers have no option but to buy either BS-III vehicles or old ones. Truckers are going for national permit to ply these trucks in cities which have come under the BS-IV regime,\" said S P Singh of IRTFT, an advocacy group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14877581", "title": "Saba: Not in a condition to undertake strenuous work", "text": "INDORE: Unable to cope with tough life in jail, Saba Farooqi\u2014co-accused in the Shehla Masood murder case has filed an application with the court requesting that she should not be forced to perform heavy physical work. In her application, Saba reportedly said she was suffering from spleen infection and rigorous physical work aggravated her health problem and posed a danger to her life. The court has asked jail authorities to file their reply on July 21.Advocate Sunil Shrivastav, lawyer of Saba Farooqi said he had filed an application under Section 395 (8) of Madhya Pradesh Jail Guidelines. \"Under the jail guidelines, jail authorities cannot ask under-trial to carry out rigorous works. If any under-trial is asked to perform daily works it is against the jail guidelines,\" Sunil Shrivastav said, adding that simple and rigorous work schedule in jail is only for convicts. Even convicts are asked to perform works as per the conviction order. As of now, Saba is only accused and charges are not proved against her and she is not a convict as on today.\"I am suffering from serious spleen infection and I am not in a condition to undertake any strenuous physical work. But jail authorities force me to carry out daily cleaning and other heavy physical work. It has complicated my health problems,\" Saba Farooqi said while being escorted out of the court adding that she has asked to court to spare her from the physical work in jail.Defence lawyers argued in the CBI court of Anupam Shrivastav for the transfer of trial to Bhopal and they also raised demand for submitting polygraphy test of BJP MLA Dhruvnarayan Singh. On this, CBI counsel once again strongly argued for continuation of trial in Indore. On submission of the documents, CBI counsel said reports of gun power, blood samples and other forensic reports have yet to come. The CBI counsel said it was prerogative of investigative agency to decide which document it wanted to attach with the case depending upon its utility for the case.The court has scheduled next hearing on July 21. The court is expected to take decision on jurisdiction of the case on next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14873758", "title": "Ponda cops book minibus driver", "text": "PONDA: Following the inquest of a mishap at Kundaim, Ponda police on Friday booked a bus driver, Uday Gawde, 43, a resident of Dhavli-Ponda for injuring a biker Deepraj D Mulvi, 24, a resident of Bandora-Ponda on Tuesday.The accident was took place at Kaneri-Madkaim, when a minibus driven by Gawde dashed Mulvi's bike. The bus was ferrying labourers to the Marcaim industrial estate while the biker was riding towards the Colgate Palmolive factory at Kundaim, where he works.In the mishap, Mulvi sustained grievous injuries to his head and was under treatment at the Goa Medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim. His condition was stable, police said. Police have registered an offence against Gawde under sections 279 and 337 of the Indian penal code (IPC). However, no person was arrested. Head constable Atchut Gawas is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14870942", "title": "Student bodies seek probe into RU scuffle", "text": "RANCHI: Following a scuffle between the university authorities and members of a student union, various students' association submitted a memorandum to the vice chancellor as well as the governor on Friday.On Thursday, when the celebration of 52nd foundation day was about to end, few members of Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) reached the venue but university authorities denied them entry and soon the argument took an ugly shape leading to a fight.Members of All Jharkhand Students Union Party (AJSUP) protested on the university premises on Friday against the ill treatment meted out to the members of students' union. Harish, member of AJSU said, \"We have given a memorandum to pro VC and governor demanding probe in the matter, removal of CCDC and assuring the presence of students and students' unions in programs conducted by university.\" Adding further he said, \"In the program, most of the seats were occupied by university staff and neither the senate and syndicate nor students and members of students union were invited by the university.\"Member of ABVP, Suman said, \"We want a probe into the matter and once the report is out, an FIR should be filed against the culprits.\"Vice chancellor of Ranchi University, LN Bhagat says that university official who was accused of provoking the crowd, was not even present at the spot. \"A committee has been formed under pro-VC to probe into the matter and the reports will be submitted soon.\"The senate members met the VC to discuss the matter and requested him to include neutral people in the probe committee. Member of senate, Pratul Shahdeo said, \"Pro-VC should not head the committee. Neutral members of senate and syndicate should be members of the committee. If the committee includes university authority then the decision would be biased.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14870308", "title": "Akhil Gogoi blames Tarun Gogoi for crime against women in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Team Anna member and Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) general secretary Akhil Gogoi alleged that Assam has witnessed some of the worst crimes against women during chief minister Tarun Gogoi's tenure and demanded President's Rule in Assam.Addressing a press conference here on Friday, Akhil said that incidents like the stripping of Adivasi girl Laxmi Orang in November 2007 and the recent molestation of a teenaged girl have exposed the Congress government's failure to stop crime against women in the state.\"In November 2007, Laxmi Orang's modesty was outraged; in January 2010, a Mizo lady was manhandled in a public place in Guwahati; in May this year, a woman had to undergo physical torture at a city police station and in June this year, Borkhola legislator Rumi Nath was assaulted by goons. These are some of the worst crimes against women ever in the state and all of them occurred during Gogoi's rule,\" Akhil alleged.KMSS has demanded President's Rule in the state, arguing that law and order has deteriorated.\"There is a stark decline in law and order. The molestation of the girl in Guwahati recently indicates how people in general and women in particular are unsafe. Even I was attacked by Congress goons in Nalbari recently. So, KMSS wants imposition of President's Rule,\" Akhil demanded.He said that KMSS has given 48 hours time to the police to arrest all the culprits involved in outraging the modesty of the teenaged girl and alleged that a reporter from a local television channel was also involved in instigating the public to molest the teenage girl.\"We have collected video footage of the incident and we are going to hand it over to the police. The police should arrest all the culprits involved in the crime within 48 hours,\" Akhil said.KMSS, India Against Corruption and Nari Mukti Sangram Samiti (the women's wing of KMSS) will take out a procession against the Monday molestation on Sunday.A collective of women's organisations and civil society groups like the Assam Mahila Samata Society, Assam Mahila Sangha, Anwesha and Action Aid have condemned the incident, saying that it was an assault not only on the girl, but also on the freedom of the individual in a public space.\"The incident of chasing and sexually abusing the teenager in full view of a TV camera on Monday was barbarous and most disturbing. The authorities should act. They should not only be content with booking the culprits, but must prevent recurrence of such incidents and guarantee safety of women,\" the organisations said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14870995", "title": "Police: Rape accused, surrogate mom may have sold baby", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The case of the alleged rape of a surrogate mother is turning murky. City police now believe that the victim and the man accused, may have sold a baby to a Mumbai-based childless couple.On Wednesday, a 30-year-old pregnant surrogate woman had approached the Mahila police station and registered a complaint against Nadiad resident Rajkumar Jadav, who is the son of a constable. According to the woman, a resident of Ahmedabad, Rajkumar abducted her and raped her at his home in Nadiad.The woman also claimed that she had earlier been hired to bear him a child. It also now turns out that Rajkumar is not married.\"Since he is not married, the investigation has now taken a different line. We have to now establish whose child the woman gave birth to, and why did Rajkumar want the baby,\" said an officer of the Mahila police station.Investigation has also revealed that the baby boy borne by the woman has allegedly been sold to a childless couple in Mumbai. Cops suspect Rajkumar and the victim may have worked together in this conspiracy. City police suspect that this could be a racket of selling babies borne by surrogate mothers. Mahila police station officials say that if the sale of the baby is confirmed, the doctor who played middleman and the couple who bought the baby will also be booked.\"We have begun the legal procedure to take custody of the child from the Mumbai-based couple. We want to ascertain the boy's parentage by a DNA test,\" said police inspector of Mahila police station, Chetna Chaudhary.Cops also want to carry out DNA profiling of child that the victim is now pregnant with.\"She claims that she had been hired as a surrogate mother by a childless couple through an Ahmedabad-based doctor, Dr Bharat Atit. However, on questioning, the doctor claimed that he does not have anything to do with this surrogacy,\" said Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14873057", "title": "Job fair at Chennai Trade Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: TimesJobs.com is organizing a two-day mega job fair in hall three of the Chennai Trade Centre in Nandambakkam from Saturday.The TimesJobs.com Jumbo &amp; Career Job Fair 2012 promises to be the largest recruitment event in the city with more than 4, 000 jobs on offer for freshers and those with up to five years of experience.Participating companies include Williams Lea, Barclays, FSS, Hexaware, Verizon, Wipro, Accenture, Sutherland, Allsec and Education and Training Partners - Bharath University.The fair is expected to provide jobseekers and employers a platform to meet up for instant closures on candidatures, completing the entire process of job search from submitting resume to getting the offer letters in hand - all under one roof.Speaking about the event, business head of TimesJobs.com Amit Jain said, \"Our endeavour with this event has been to bring first-class corporate to recruit candidates for all functions and levels, as we always believed that Chennai offered top-end talent.\"William Lea's head of talent acquisition Satish Xavier said, \"The Williams Lea-TimesJobs relationship started in a job fair and moved to online solutions with which we were able to close middle management positions that had been open for a long time.\" For details, contact Madhusudha at 09962577680", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870381", "title": "\u2018Contaminated water\u2019 in drought areas?", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government found itself in a spot on Friday when members from the ruling benches raised questions over quality of water supplied in drought-hit areas. At the legislative council, Ramesh Shendge (NCP) alleged that villagers in some drought-hit areas were being supplied \"contaminated\" water by tankers.On Wednesday, Opposition leader Vinod Tawde had pointed to evidence that tanker water samples in some places was contaminated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14871083", "title": "Dwarka line hit again as power cable snaps", "text": "NEW DELHI: Services on Delhi Metro's Dwarka line were severely affected on Friday when the overhead electrification (OHE) along the entire line snapped at 12.48pm.Commuters travelling on the line complained of crowded trains and long waits as trains were delayed.DMRC, however, claimed that the OHE malfunctioned for only \"five minutes\" and that it had no impact on the train schedules.For commuters though, it was a crowded journey as the effect of the mishap was felt till late afternoon. What acerbated matters was that the overhead electrical line snapped along the entire Dwarka line, which bifurcates at Yamuna Bank to Noida and Vaishali.As a result, though electrical supply was restored within a short time-frame, the impact was along the entire line. Bunching of trains was reported, leading to longer waits for commuters for the next hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14892232", "title": "Union demands action against e-meter dealers in tampering cases", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union has petitioned the state transport department, seeking action against some of the dealers and manufacturers of e-meters in Maharashtra.Said union leader Shashank Rao, \"In the past fortnight, at least three cases of e-meter tampering were detected by RTO officials in eastern and western suburbs. The brand new e-meters fitted in autorickshaws were tampered with easily. This is not possible without the connivance of some of the dealers. The meter manufacturers also failed to provide adequate security features to prevent tampering. We have, therefore, demanded action against some of the dealers and meter manufacturers.\"He submitted a letter to state transport commissioner V N More, highlighting the problem of e-meter tampering. \"The auto driver is unable to tamper the meter himself. The manufacturer and dealer have full knowledge of the technology involved in manufacturing an e-meter and the security features. Apart from them, the meter mechanic knows how to repair an e-meter or tamper it. Merely arresting driver and mechanic will not solve the problem. The dealers too need to be questioned,'' he demanded.A RTO official said that showcause notices have already been sent to the dealers and manufacturers in the recent cases of e-meter tampering. But he said that it would be wrong to implicate them in the crime unless there was any strong evidence. \"These are merely allegations made by an union. Rao should provide us with evidence,'' he stated.Senior transport officials had recently held a meeting with all manufacturers and directed them to introduce more security features to prevent further tampering.Rao also alleged that a meter supplied by a reputed manufacturing firm had \"defects\" and action should be taken against this manufacturer. The meter manufacturers were unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870426", "title": "\u2018We watched in horror as they drowned\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The group of collegians from Thane whose picnic to Gorai beach ended in the death of three of them had ignored the warning boards placed at several places on the beach. \"The group was wading in knee-deep water when we were alerted,\" Sandeep Tamhane, a lifeguard, said. \"I was nearly two kilometres away and ran to their rescue. They did not seem to know swimming and I rescued three of them. The tide was low and they were getting pulled into the sea,\" he added.While Ashish Chavan, Sujata Patil and Niranjan Shinge drowned, Tushar Mhaskar got away with injuries. Tushar was taken to Bhagwati Hospital, while fire brigade and police personnel are on the hunt for Shinge's body. According to a civic official, when a lifeguard warned the students against venturing into the sea, they left the spot and entered the water from another place.Meanwhile, disbelief and grief gripped the faculty and students of the college on learning about the tragedy. College trustee Ramchandra Mulundkar said, \"The second year students had planned a picnic to Gorai after college and had hired vehicles.\"Among the survivors who went to the college later was Bhagyashree Patil. She said, \"Everything happened so fast. We entered the water when suddenly a gigantic tide came in our direction. We tried to swim back to the shore with as much strength as we could muster. Some of us extended a helping hand to those who could not swim but watched in horror as they got sucked in.\"Some of the students' parents said they were aware of the picnic and had, in fact, packed lunch boxes for the youngsters. \"We were waiting for the group to return from Gorai when we got news of the deaths,\" a parent said.(With inputs from Johan Fleury)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870196", "title": "Candlelight vigil in Vashi over killing strays", "text": "MUMBAI: Animal rights activists are organizing a candlelight protest at Vashi station on Saturday following the poisoning of dog in Nerul.\"We will hold a peaceful demonstration in Vashi, as the killing of over 30 stray dogs in Navi Mumbai must not be forgotten,\" said Ganesh Nayak of NGO Animals Matter To Me.\"The dogs were poisoned to death by unknown persons in July 2008. The accused have still not been traced for the crime,\" he added.Activists observe 'Poison Biscuit Day' in memory of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14871244", "title": "Builders to get more FSI along BRTS corridor", "text": "RAJKOT: The state government has approved the proposal of Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RKC) to increase the floor space index limit along the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor on the 150-feet Ring Road in the city.Urban development minister Nitin Patel said here on Friday that the state government has approved RMC's proposal of 0.75 FSI increase along the 10.7 km long BRTS corridor. The 10.70-km pilot BRTS project is underway from Gondal Chowkdi to Madhapar Chowkdi.\"At present 1.50 FSI is permitted along the BRTS corridor. Increase of 0.75 FSI would take the total FSI to 2.25 and it will cover 250 metre area on both sides of the BRTS corridor. Existing residential buildings and new real estate project would get more space for construction. Allowing extra FSI along the BRTS corridor would fetch RMC an income of Rs 120 crore,\" chairman, standing committee, RMC, Jayman Upadhyay said.The BRTS pilot project is being carried out under central government-sponsored Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM). The entire project will be implemented in three corridors - blue, green and red - in a phased manner and will cover 104.86 sq km area of the city. The total length of BRTS project is 63.50 km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14895937", "title": "RUDA to spend Rs 160 for basic amenities in seven villages around Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: The Rajkot Urban Development Authority (RUDA) will spend Rs 160 crore to establish under ground drainage schemes and water supply to a group of fast developing village around Rajkot city.According RUDA officials, RUDA covers 54 villages in 5 Talukas of Rajkot District covering an area of 581.56 Sq.Km. Villages surrounding Rajkot city are growing at very fast rate. This development in its area has encouraged RUDA to provide better infrastructural amenities like Water Supply, Road, Under Ground Drainage and Solid Waste Management. To fulfill this mission RUDA has established Project Management Unit (P.M.U.).\"With grant, of 121crores for Under Ground Drainage schemes and 39crores for Water Supply, provided under Swarnim Jayanti Mukhya Mantri Seheri Vikas Yojana (SJMMSVY), a group of fast developing villages are selected in first phase'' said RUDA official.\"In Under Ground Drainage Schemes, Trunk Sewer lines will be laid to collect the sewage from villages of RUDA. Sewage Treatment Plant in three locations is planned. Purpose of STP near industrial estate is to reuse the treated sewage water for industrial non-potable use. This will ease the burden of haphazard disposal of Sewage water in streams and will help to provide better liable environment to people. With rise in urbanization of these villages and considering development of such areas water requirement will also raise, thus authority has planned to develop Water supply and under ground drainage schemes for next 30 years and for which Consultants is appointed and preparation of Detailed Project is under process.\" said Ajay Bhadoo, chairman, RUDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14873824", "title": "Lawyers' conference today", "text": "PUNE: Bombay high court chief justice Mohit Shah will inaugurate the state lawyers' conference organised by the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa at Ganesh Kala Manch at Swargate on Saturday at 9.30 am.Bar council chairman Vitthal Konde-Deshmukh said eminent speakers who are experts in various fields will deliver lectures on the role of advocates in strengthening democracy and changing civil society and law. The conference will be attended by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar and Supreme Court and high court judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14872482", "title": "Housewife raped in Malda", "text": "MALDA: A married man has raped a housewife of his village placing a sickle on her throat at Syedpur village under Malda police station. Police have registered a case against Dayal Sarkar, the accused, but are yet to arrest him.On July 10, the 28-year-old victim was alone in her house as her husband went to a nearby tea-stall and her three children were at a neighbour's house. Taking advantage of the situation, Sarkar led the victim to a bush beside a nearby pond and raped her. Unable to bear the pain, the housewife cried out loud. Two youths heard the cry and rushed to rescue her. They even caught hold of the accused, but he somehow managed to escape. Police Super Jayanta Pal said, \"We have started a case of rape following the complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871965", "title": "Government may regulate kids\u2019 reality shows", "text": "MUMBAI: Children performing \"improbable\" acts, seen crying inconsolably after losing and judges indulging in theatrics... The masala has served as the right mix for reality shows, but such acts could mean trouble with the issue of drafting guidelines to protect children participating in such programmes was raised in the state legislative council on Friday.Describing some scenes enacted by child artistes in the shows \"uncomfortable\", Shiv Sena's Neelam Gorhe demanded the state evolved a mechanism to safeguard young, vulnerable participants.Gorhe's plea generated support from the treasury benches, with women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad echoing the need to regulate the sector. \"I have seen a nine-year-old being made to jump from a height in one show,\" Gaikwad said. The minister said the government was concerned about the young performers being subjected to long hours at work without a break. \"There should be strict restrictions on the hours young performers are allowed to put in. Labour laws advocate that child artistes be given breaks every three hours,\" she later told TOI.In the house, Gaikwad requested cultural affairs minister Sanjay Deotale to introduce mechanisms to safeguard the children's interests. Deotale told TOI he planned to convene a meeting of organizers, broadcasters and other stakeholders.The discussion took place as part of resolution on child protection and child rights moved by Gorhe, which was later withdrawn after the treasury benches gave a satisfactory reply. In response to Gorhe's queries, Gaikwad shared plans to introduce vocational training for children in orphanages. She said the government was considering a proposal to issue domicile certificates and ration cards to kids moving out of orphanages on the basis of certificates issued by the latter. Gaikwad said steps were being considered to get such children back into the mainstream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14870350", "title": "Fresh floods threaten Arunachal Pradesh districts", "text": "ITANAGAR: A fresh wave of floods has threatened several districts of Arunachal Pradesh with reports of disruption in surface communication pouring in from various parts of the state.According to the latest report, the rising water level of Kadang Korong River is creating havoc at Mebo sub-division in East Siang district.A major portion of Siku bridge near Mebo along the Pasighat-Dhola road has already been washed away by floodwaters, snapping road communication along the route. However, the bridge has been temporarily repaired with some iron plates and light vehicles are now plying on it.The river between Motum Tinali and Ngopok village is flowing above the danger level due to heavy rain and is getting diverted from its normal course, creating immense trouble to the people of Mongu-Banggo (Lower Mebo) and Lower Dibang Valley's downward villages along the Mebo-Dhola road.Efforts are on to mend the damages with the PWD authorities pressing into service two JCBs which are being monitored by local MLA Ralom Borang.Fresh floods have once again threatened the Tezu township in Lohit district due to the swelling Tezu Nallah, which has already washed away a 700-metre temporary earthen embankment erected by the water resources department (WRD) using river bed materials (RBM) at 5km point towards Shivajinagar road.\"Following incessant rains during the last two days, Tezu Nallah has almost made its way to the township and it could have created havoc, but the department swung into action on time and diverted the course of the river after a four-hours massive fight,\" informed S K Srivastava, assistant engineer WRD.Meanwhile, food scarcity looms large in Dibang Valley district following disruption of road communication due to the recent floods. According to an official report here today, there are also shortages of all essential commodities in the market as per a random survey conducted.While vegetables markets ran out of stock, petrol price shot up to Rs 250 per litre. Of the six food sorties approved, only two relief sorties could be materialized.The district continued to remain cut off from the rest of the state for more than a month.Kanchi Nallah Bailey Bridge, which was washed away by flashfloods, was restored, bringing some respite to the people of Anini by cutting a diversion road adjacent to the old abutments. The diversion is of purely temporary nature constructed to tide over the present communication crises. \"This was possible because of efforts put in by BRO,\" official sources said.The Anini-Roing road remained cut off at numerous places. The restoration work of Endulin-Nallah block point got disrupted due to heavy downpour over the last two days while Deopani nallah was flowing above the danger level according to official reports from Roing.On the other hand, Upper Siang district plunged into darkness in the last two days following disruption of power supply due to flood and landslides.The damages caused by floods in the district have been preliminarily estimated at 0.18 crore and the report has been submitted to the state government by the district administration, sources said.The NH-52A connecting Itanagar and Banderdewa, which was closed since June 26 last due to precarious erosion at the Karsingsa sinking point, has been restored and reopened to light vehicles on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14887948", "title": "Salman gets shy when people touch him: Vaibhavi", "text": "Vaibhavi Merchant shares her experience while shooting the now famous Mashaallah songThe song Mashaallah may be beginning to gain popularity but it was surely not shot in a day. Choreographer Vaibhavi Merchant recollects the four days of sweat and grime that went behind the recently launched EK Tha Tiger number.\"I first heard the song in Salman's (Khan) vanity van at YRF Studios along with Sajid Wajid. I knew I couldn't make him do ' tapori ' steps like pulling his pants. I knew it had to cater to the masses but in a stylish way,\" says Vaibhavi.With Salman, she shares a comfortable chemistry. \"You have to pamper him a lot. If he likes you, he will do anything. He is all heart. He is always on auto-pilot. I never rush him and give him his time,\" she adds.But not everybody could get close to the actor. \"Salman has a certain aura. People don't go too close. So, whenever, we had to change his dupatta or his look, my team would refuse to go to his van. I became his makeup artist and costume designer. But I realised that he feels very shy when people touch him,\" reveals Vaibhavi.About Katrina Kaif , she added, \"I made her do an Arabic curve called Taksim Maya. Usually, it's done standing up. She had to do it lying down. She is extremely hard working.\"The song was shot at Film City and the timing was very crucial, explains Vaibhavi, \"Though the preparations began by noon, we would start rolling only by 3.30 pm. We had to finish by 6 pm for the perfect light.\"Vaibhavi has also shot La Pata , a romantic number, in Cuba .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14876484", "title": "They are generous with funds for \u2018Apna Indore\u2019", "text": "INDORE: For these Indoreans, development is not just the government's responsibility. They believe that it is the responsibility of every Indorean to develop the city at par with other metros. Individuals with such mentality, and associated with nine different corporate groups have come forward to display their magnanimity by making generous contribution for the development of city under Indore Municipal Corporation's 'Aao Banaye Apna Indore' scheme.One of the main stretches on 'Ring Road' measuring 14.5 kms has been developed by the contribution made by these corporate groups. The project was initiated by the state government. It invited the private parties who can help development of roads. In response to this, nine corporate houses have till now come forward to take up the task of developing one kiloemtre each road per group.\"It is a unique partnership between the public and the private sector,\" said Hitendra Mehta, architect of the group and member of the Mehta and Mehta Associates, adding that the corporate houses came forward with the aim of doing their bit for the development the city under the Corporate Social Responsibility. The group is designing the project free of cost.Anil Agarwal, a businessman in Indore, says we don't call it donation; it is a contribution for the development of the city. It's a part of corporate social responsibility. While Mohan Chugh, another businessman says \"We started our journey in Indore and want to return some of what we have earned here. His firm had contributed 1.25 crore.The project designer Hitendra Mehta says all these corporate have together contributed between Rs 1.5 to 1.75 crore per kilometer and the road is under construction.It is not only 'Ring Road' that has seen the open-handedness of the Indoreans, but some other projects in city too evoked generous response from its people. Community hall in Sadhu Vaswani Nagar has been constructed at the cost of Rs 2 crore, while the cloth Market Association donated Rs 25 lakh for upkeep of Malhar Ashram Hostel and its development. Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe hailed the efforts of the people. \"Even in the past, we have made several roads in the colonies with the help of the residents. People of Indore donate generously for development of civic infrastructure,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14871387", "title": "Derailment hits train movement", "text": "LUCKNOW: The train movement got severely affected due to derailment of goods train on Gaya- Mughalsarai route of East Central Railway, on Friday, resulting into blockage of Gaya-Mughalsarai route. Lot of long-distance trains which pass through Lucknow, like 12353 Howrah-Lal Kuan Express, were diverted from their original route.The trains which were cancelled were train nos. 13040 Delhi Jn-Howrah Janata Express, 13112 Delhi Jn-Kolkata Lal Quila Express, 13039 Howrah-Delhi Jn Janata Express, 13111 Kolkata-Delhi Jn Lal Quila Express, 53522/53221 Varanas-Asansol, 53362/53361 Varanasi-Barka Kana passenger trains.Due to the blockage of the route, lot of long-distance trains, which had started their movement on Thursday (July 12), were diverted on Friday. The train nos. 12301 Howrah-New Delhi Rajdhani Express, 22823 Bhubaneshwar-New Delhi Rajdhani Express, 12313 Sealdah-New Delhi Rajdhani Express, 13151 Kolkata-Jammu Tawi Mail were diverted to run via Gaya-Patna-Mughalsarai.The other long-distance trains which were diverted were 12815 Puri-New Delhi Express, 12311 Howrah-Kalka Mail, 18631 Ranchi-Ajmer Garib Nawaz Express, 12801 Puri-New Delhi Purushottam Express, 13307 Dhanbad-Ferozpur Ganga Sutlej Express and 12259 Sealdah-New Delhi Duronto Express. Many of these trains pass through Lucknow stations.The derailment also affected the movement of trains which were scheduled to run on Friday.tnnThe 12353 Howrah-Lal Kuan Express was diverted to run via Jhajha-Patna-Mughalsarai and 12358 Amritsar-Kolkata Superfast was diverted to run via Varanasi-Chunar-Chopan.Railways has started several helpline numbers to help passengers. The helpline numbers are: Delhi Jn.- 011-23962389, 011-23962332, New Delhi - 011-23341074, 011-23342954, Varanasi - 0542-2504658 and Lucknow - 0522-2635844, 09794830973, 09794830975.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14870476", "title": "It's payback time for resort owners near parks", "text": "NAGPUR: The ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) move to levy 10% cess on resorts as local conservation fee has evoked mixed reactions. While the resort owners want the fee to be decreased, stakeholders have hailed the policy.The MoEF approved guidelines, part of its ecotourism strategy, have been filed through an affidavit in the Supreme Court on a PIL by Ajay Dubey's Prayatna, a Bhopal-environment protection NGO demanding a ban on tourism in core areas of the tiger reserves.As per the strategy, the fee would be charged on annual turnover of all tourist facilities falling within 5km of the boundary of the protected area. The rule will not apply to home stays set up by locals developed under the approved ecotourism plan.The funds will be utilized to tackle man-animal conflict, management, conservation and local livelihood development. It will not go to the state exchequer.Leading resort owners were cautious over the move. Rajeev Bali, vice-president (wildlife), Tuli Group of Hotels, disapproved the move saying it will further burden tourists. \"The already high-end tourism in places like Kanha, Bandavgarh and Pench will be more costly. The decision should have been taken long time back,\" said Bali.On the contrary, Dr Jaffar Khan, who owns resorts in Kanha, Pench, Bandhavgarh and Nagzira, hailed the move. \"We were anticipating it as this was one of the moves in the draft guidelines. We should payback to the tigers in whose name we are earning,\" Dr Khan said.He added the only issue is that money should be utilized properly. A committee with stakeholders as members should be appointed to keep tab on the money spent.\"Locals should feel that tigers and our parks are bringing development,\" said Dr Khan. He is already helping locals by providing free medical treatment to Jambhli villagers near Nagzira where a resort is being set up by him.Suez Akram, a resort owner near Tadoba and president of the government-approved Tour Guides Association (TGA), hailed the move but said 10% is too much.\"It was going to come sooner or later. But it should be not more than 2% of the total turnover. In either case we will charge additional amount from the tourists,\" he said. The resort owner should be part of the monitoring committee.The Tiger Task Force (TTF) headed by Sunita Narain had in 2005 recommended that resorts should contribute 30% of their turnover for the locals. Further, hotels should be allowed to claim 100% income tax benefit.\"There are a dozen resorts near Tadoba. Some posh resorts charge Rs10,000-15,000 per day and most of them are booked during summer. They earn huge money in the name of tigers so what's wrong in paying 10% cess,\" asks Bandu Dhotre, chief of Eco-Pro, a NGO fighting against resorts blocking tiger corridors. The policy should also be clear on restrictions on setting up resorts and hotels near parks.\"I agree with Dhotre but there should be enforcement only then locals will benefit. If resort owners hike fares, this should be used as an opportunity to promote homesteads. Besides, the officials will have to see that resort owners are not obliged for paying cess,\" feels Himanshu Bagde, a regular visitor to parks in Vidarbha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14873670", "title": "HC turn down pleas against property tax assessment", "text": "KANPUR: The Allahabad High Court had rejected all the writ petitions filed against GIS-based property tax for assessment year 2008.The court observed that Kanpur nagar nigam had published the fixed rates for the assessment and had given sufficient time to the people to file objections.A two-judge bench comprising Justice Sunil Ambwani and Pankaj Naqvi had observed that GIS survey was made in accordance with the mandate of JNNRUM to bring in those properties in the tax met which were identified and assessed or additional constructions were made on such properties which were notified by the owners or occupiers of such property. Therefore, all the interim orders of writs were accordingly dismissed and the interim orders be discharged. TNNThe writs were filed by the Pandu Nagar H-2 Sudhar Samiti, Ashwini Kumar Gupta &amp; others, Anirudh Prasad Bajpai and others and Ashwini Kumar &amp; anothers against nagar nigam. The petitioners were aggrieved by the enhancement of property tax and the rates of rent fixed by the nagar nigam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14871000", "title": "Assault complaint against constable", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Ghuma resident filed a complaint of assault against a constable with Vastrapur police station on Thursday. Police registered a cross-complaint in the case.According to Vastrapur police, Bharat Thakor, a constable with the police station, was passing from Himalaya Mall at 9 pm on Wednesday. At that time, a woman, later identified as Anuradha, sought his help. He gave her lift and when questioned, she told the cop that her husband and his brother were assaulting her.At that time, a man, later identified as Atul Patel, a resident of Ghuma, got on bonnet of the car and tried to assault the duo as Thakor kept on driving and reached Vijay Crossroads. Thakor called up the police enforcement and got hold of Patel.On the other hand, Patel claimed in his complaint that he had seen Thakor with his wife Anuradha in a car near Drive-In cinema. When he tried to stop the car, Thakor rammed the vehicle into him due to which he fell on the bonnet as Thakor kept on driving and took him to the Vijay Crossroads.\"We got to know that the woman was living with her parents for the past six months. We have questioned parents of the woman and Patel in this connection,\" said a Vastrapur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14895766", "title": "CAB aims to upgrade facilities for cricketers", "text": "KOLKATA: The Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) has started renovation work of their indoor facilities. Former India captain Sourav Ganguly has recently suggested improvement of the Pankaj Gupta indoor facilities adjacent to the Eden Gardens for the benefit of Bengal cricketers.Ganguly said that in spite of Eden Gardens being recognised as one of the best grounds in the world, the indoor facilities just next to the stadium is in a poor condition.The southpaw felt there is an urgent need to renovate and improve the facilities there so that more and more youngsters can utilise those to their benefit.Cricketers don't get a proper chance to practice indoors during the monsoon time as the mating wickets there were in poor condition. Ganguly also spoke about the need for a state-of-the-art gymnasium for the cricketers.The CAB at last has taken his suggestions seriously and has started the renovation work. The association plans to build up a modern gymnasium along with improving the condition of practice wickets there.It was leant that CAB is planning to build up the indoor facilities much on the lines of those available at the Rajasthan Cricket Academy (RCA) in Jaipur. The facilities at the RCA, where former India coach Greg Chappell used to work once, is supposed to be the best in the country.It remains to be seen whether the CAB will be able to live up to that standard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14876534", "title": "UPA decision on Hamid Ansari today, Mamata Banerjee set to oppose", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA is likely to announce Hamid Ansari for a second term as vice-president at a meeting of alliance partners on Saturday but all eyes are trained on Trinamool Congress which is likely to oppose the proposal.The coalition's meeting follows Prime Minister Manmohan Singh contacting key political parties to seek support for Ansari. However, consensus within UPA may not be possible as Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee's emissary Mukul Roy is likely to arrive with a letter spelling out the party stand.\"As a dependable ally, we are attending the meeting. We will express our views clearly with railway minister Mukul Roy representing the Trinamool Congress,\" the party's Rajya Sabha MP Derek O'Brien said.If, as expected, Roy spells out Banerjee's reservations over Ansari, the fallout for the UPA could be serious. For one, disagreement over the vice-president will snuff out any remote possibility over supporting former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee for President in the July 19 election. It can lead to Trinamool abstaining from both the presidential and vice-presidential polls. While this will be damaging enough for UPA, the opposition is waiting in the wings to see if Banerjee could be part of its anti-Congress concert.TMC is opposed to Ansari because of his proximity to the Left and may suggest an alternate name like Gopal Gandhi. As Congress can hardly accept the TMC suggestion at this stage, a parting of ways over the vice-president's elections seems inevitable. Sources said efforts at a patch up were attempted with a suggestion emanating from the TMC camp that a phone call from Mukherjee to Banerjee might help.But the Congress veteran remains chary of connecting with the Bengal CM, concerned she might reject his overture. Her very public disapproval of his candidature has left a sour taste.Congress is assured of majority in the electoral college comprising 790 MPs, but another Trinamool dissension in less than a month is sure to stub out any hope in Congress of her continuing with UPA for long. Congress remains concerned that UPA without Trinamool will be highly dependent on Samajwadi Party and BSP.Political sources said Trinamool's position at Saturday's meeting can impact how the opposition develops. If BJP ally JD(U) does not again support the Congress nominee, opposition will look to put up a united front although the Left stance is not yet clear.Apprehension over being dependent on SP has been the reason why Congress has been engaged in placating Banerjee despite her criticism of Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "palanpur/ anand", "code": "14871245", "title": "One arrested for helping Bhanwari Devi accused flee", "text": "Palanpur/ Anand: A gang member, who helped Kailash Jakhar, a key accused in the sensational Bhanwari Devi murder case, escape from the Rajasthan high court on June 14, was arrested near Gujarat-Rajasthan border on Friday.Manish Bhanwarlal Bishnoi was arrested near Gundri checkpost even as his accomplice Omprakash Bishnoi managed to escape. Manish was the part of the gang which opened fire on police escort when Kailash was taken for hearing in a court on June 14. Jakhar, who had escaped from the high court premises after armed assailants opened fire to help him flee, was arrested on July 2.Banaskantha superintendent of police Ashok Kumar said that the duo were travelling in a Bolero car to Rajasthan when the vehicle was stopped for checking.According to Anand local crime branch, who have taken Manish's custody, the duo, posing as passengers, had taken a lift in the car, a pick up van, from Atul Chowkdi in South Gujarat to reach Ahmedabad. Later, they threatened the car driver - Chandrabhan Sinh Jat, a native of Agra and threw him out of the car when they reached near Vasad late on Thursday night. Jat, who was supposed to deliver the new car to Ahmedabad, approached the Anand town police.Anand police alerted the Banaskantha police about the incident as most accused in loot cases flee towards Rajasthan after such crimes, sources suggest.Seeing the police at Gujarat-Rajasthan border, Omprakash jumped out the car and fled. But Manish was arrested.Banaskantha police has informed the CBI, which is probing the Bhanwari Devi murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14876551", "title": "Banyan city's heritage gets voice", "text": "VADODARA: Next time you visit a heritage structure or a tourist spot in the city, a voiced guide will enlighten you about its history, architecture and other details. The royal Gaekwad family is planning to introduce voice tour for all the important monuments, buildings and historic structures in the city. It will be for the first time in the state that such an organized voice tour facility for important structures will be launched. The move comes as a part of the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Sayajirao Gaekwad III.Scion of the royal Gaekwad family, Samarjitsinh Gaekwad told TOI that he plans to have voice tour facility for tourist destinations after a similar facility at Laxmi Vilas Palace got an encouraging response. He plans to upload details of the must-see sites in the city on the royal family's website.\"The city has immense potential to be pitched as a tourist destination. But I feel that it is not marketed properly. We need to promote our heritage structures to bring in more visitors. A lot of people make business and professional visits to our city and we need to tap them,\" Samarjitsinh said.\"Voice tour facility at tourist destinations will help us attract more visitors. Usually, the visitors pass by important monuments but they seldom realize its historic value. If they get information about the heritage structures they will show interest in them. I want to launch the project within a year,\" Samarjitsinh said and added that the tourists will return enlightened about the city's rich history and culture.The 45-year-old scion, who was recently crowned maharaja, said a list of must-see sites will have to be prepared before launching the voice tour facility. \"I am also planning to upload the city's history along with all historic structures on our website gaekwadsofbaroda.com. Tourists would be able to access the website and download detailed information about the tourist spots on their smart phones while visiting the sites. TOI's recent book on the city 'Know Your Roots' will also be helpful to identify important destinations,\" he revealed.\"We can include several unexplored sites like Sayajigunj's clock tower, Kirti Mandir and Khanderao Market building,\" Samarjitsinh said.Mandvi, Lehripura Gate, Panigate, Gendigate, Champaner Darwaza, Dundiraj Ganpati Mandir in Wadi, Narsinhji Temple, Madan Mohan ni Pol, Tamebkar Wada in Dandia Bazaar, Nyay Mandir, Nazarbaug Palace, Sursagar Lake, Ajwa Lake, Kothi Building, Baroda Museum, Qutubuddin's tomb in Makarpura, Laxmi Vilas Palace and Fatehsinh Museum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14865288", "title": "Delhi\u2019s way more human than mumbai: Richa Chadda", "text": "For ex-Stephanian Richa Chadda, the Delhi versus Mumbai debate doesn't stan close d. Her home city beats the city she works in hollow.  Having moved to Mumbai six years ago to get away from home and become an actress, Richa, who plays the lead in Anurag Kashyap's \"Gangs Of Wasseypur, tells us why she can be neither Katrina Kaif nor Smita Patil and might just stay an actor actor for the rest of her life as opposed to becoming a star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14871258", "title": "'Star of India' to dazzle in US", "text": "RAJKOT: 'Star of India', the customized Rolls Royce, owned by the erstwhile princely state of Rajkot, has been invited by Pebble beach Concours (USA) to take part this year event. Pebble Beach is one of the most prestigious events for car lovers in the world.According to Mandhatasinh Jadeja of the royal family, it is for the first time that anyone is participating from Gujarat in the Pebble beach Concours that is scheduled from August 14 to 19.\"Star of India is in London as of now and it will be reaching Pebble beach for the event soon,\" Jadeja told TOI. The car will be seen in the 'Maharaja Category' and is scheduled for a 45-mile tour at Pebble beach on August 16 and at the exhibition and auto show on August 19.The criteria to contend in the Pebble beach Concours d'Elegance is that an automobile must be well preserved or accurately restored vehicle still quite capable of doing what it was meant to do - be driven.The Concours is not a contest of speed, but of excellence. Automobiles and motorcycles are judged for their historical accuracy and their technical merit and their style and the best garner reward and recognition. Erstwhile royal family of Rajkot last year bought the car at an online auction from Monte Carlo for 6.44 lakh euros (Rs 3.2 crore). Mandhatasinh's grandfather had sold it to a British collector in 1968. The Phantom-II 40/50 HP Continental, an all-weather convertible, was part of the private collection of Rolls Royce collector Hans-Gunther Zach before Jadeja bought it back.Mandhatasinh's granduncle Thakorsaheb Dharmendrasinh had ordered the customized Rolls Royce in 1934. The car has several features, which were considered unique in the 1930s, including headlights controlled by steering wheel and ability to track the vehicle's progress on road. A similar technology, now called adaptive curve lights, is the feature of the latest BMW and Mercedes models.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870314", "title": "Conman takes man for Rs 30 lakh ride", "text": "MUMBAI: An educational consultant from Bengaluru became the latest victim of conmen who steal valuables after diverting the attention of motorists.The victim, Basavraj Salgare (45) had come to Mumbai to secure a medical seat for his client, the police said. On Thursday, Salgare was travelling in a jeep around 6.45pm with Rs 30 lakh when a person at Vallabh Bagh junction in Ghatkopar (E) gesticulated that he had a flat tyre. \"The man pointed towards the tyres. Salgare asked his driver to stop the vehicle and both stepped out to check the front tyres,\" said Suresh Nirmal, senior inspector of Pant Nagar police station.\"By the time they got in, the man made away with money, two cellphones and a chequebook that was in a leather bag,\" he added.\"It is a common modus operandi. The accused draws the attention of a motorist, which makes him step out of the vehicle,\" said inspector Jeetendra Agarkar. \"Using the diversion, the conman removes the valuables. Another method is to drop currency notes on the road and divert a motorist's attention,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "14872497", "title": "Tiger dies at Khairbari Tiger Rescue and Rehabilitation Centre", "text": "JALPAIGURI: An adult Bengal Tiger at the Khairbari Tiger Rescue and Rehabilitation Centre in Madarihat died on Friday due to old-age ailments.Named Dasharath, the 24-year-old tiger had been ailing for the last 10 days and had stopped taking food. The centre authorities had tried feeding the animal chicken soup to which it had initially responded. But for the past couple of days, it had stopped taking that too and was living on saline.According to the attending vets, there was nothing unusual in the death. Usually Bengal tigers live up to 15 to 16 years in captivity. In wild, their lifespan is around 12 to 13 years.When inaugurated in 2005, the Khairbari centre had 19 tigers - all rescued from three different circus companies. In 2009, another wild tiger was brought here from the Sunderbans. In all these years, 11 tigers have died in this rehabilitation centre due to old age. Four tigers were sent to the Darjeeling zoo. Now the centre has only five tigers.The Khairbari Royal Bengal Tiger Rehabilitation and Research Centre, which is located at the South Khairbari range of the Jaldapara wildlife sanctuary, is the only rehabilitation centre in the state for Bengal tigers. Tigers rescued from circuses and from the wild are brought here for rehabilitation.Initially, it was decided that the tigers would be kept in separate open spaces inside the rehabilitation centre and a jungle-like environment would be provided for each of them to make the animals feel free. But this did not materialise as a tiger had jumped the 8-foot-high fencing to enter the enclosure of a tigress soon after the inauguration of the centre in 2005. From then on, the tigers are kept in cages.The rehabilitation programme suffered another setback when the Central Zoo Authority of India denied permission to allow the tigers in captivity to breed. With only five tigers remaining, days seem to be numbered now for the centre that was built spending crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14873135", "title": "South Goa takes lead to ensure students\u2019 safety", "text": "MARGAO: Private vehicle owners in South Goa ferrying children to school will have to convert their vehicles to tourist taxis and adhere to guidelines governing school buses.In order to ensure students' safety, the district administration has given copies of the Supreme Court guidelines to all schools and bus operators in Margao and surrounding areas for compliance.All school buses will also have to undergo a fitness test every six months instead of annually and be painted yellow. Vehicles have until September to comply with the SC guidelines.Times ViewThe move of the South Goa district collector to enforce strictly of norms for ferrying children to schools and directing private vehicle owners who desire to ferry students to convert to private taxi operators and obtain requisite permission from the RTO is a step in the right direction. Safety of children should be topmost in the minds of the authorities. There have been innumerable instances in the country where children have lost their lives due to utter carelessness of transport operators. Supreme Court has come out with guidelines after careful consideration of all facts. The administration has to enforce the ruling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870511", "title": "Kidnapped girl leaves Mumbai with parents", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a month after she was abducted from CST, three-year-old Sangeeta Pawar was finally reunited with her parents on Friday. Sangeeta was kidnapped on June 10 and taken to Haridwar, where she was rescued by the local cops. The Government Railway Police (GRP) brought her and the kidnapper, Raju Gaur, back to Mumbai on Thursday. \"We are never coming back to Mumbai again,\" her father Laxman said. \"I want to thank the media and the police for helping trace her.\"The Pawars, who have four other kids, boarded a train to Parbhani around 4.30pm from CST along with Sangeeta.Gaur has told the police that he was influenced by Rowdy Rathore where one of the lead characters takes care of a little girl. \"Gaur claims he is unmarried and wanted Sangeeta to support him in his old days,\" an officer said. The cops are verifying Gaur's claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870645", "title": "\u2018Current ban on stronger footing than in 2002\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Legal experts say the state's ban on gutka and paan masala stands on a stronger footing than an earlier decade-old ban issued by it. Sources say the government had sought legal opinion a few months before its newest ban on addictive tobacco products to check whether there might any likelihood of it committing contempt of court, as its 2002 ban had been stayed by the Supreme Court.It has been learnt that opinion given to the state was that there would be \"no contempt\" as the old ban was based on a different law and the recent ban falls under a new law. Legal experts said the fresh ban invokes provisions of a new law that governs food products and hence the state may not be contravening or over-reaching any earlier court ruling against the former ban. The present ban is based on a law enacted last year, the food safety and standards (prohibition and restriction on sale) regulation, 2011. The ban will last for a year and may be extended later.The state said it would file a caveat before the HC to prevent gutka manufacturers from seeking any ex-parte stay on its decision to ban sale, manufacture, storage and distribution of gutka and pan masala. The ban, which will come into effect immediately after the notification is issued, makes Maharashtra the first state to ban both gutka and pan masala.The first ban by the state was in July 2002, and gutka manufacturers had immediately launched a legal attack. The SC had in 2004 disapproved the ban, calling it unconstitutional as both products were classified as 'food items'. The state's new ban is under a new law that requires 'food items' to not have harmful substances.The food safety and standards regulation prescribes that \"tobacco and nicotine shall not be used as ingredients in any food products\".Manufacturers had recently challenged this provision in the Delhi HC on the grounds that manufacture and sale of tobacco and nicotine containing products such as pan masala and gutka are permitted but regulated by the cigarettes and other tobacco products (prohibition of advertisement and regulation of trade and commerce, production, supply and distribution) Act, 2003.The first ban on gutka by the state was in July 2002, and manufacturers had immediately launched a legal attack. The SC in 2004 disapproved the ban as both products were classified as 'food items'. The state's new ban is under a new law that requires 'food items' to not have harmful substances", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "baghpat (up)", "code": "14875789", "title": "Fear or favour? Baghpat goes back \u2018willingly\u2019 to the Middle Ages", "text": "BAGHPAT (UP): After a nationwide outrage at the Taliban-style edict pronounced at a village here, the man who had reportedly pressed for the decisions in the panchayat two days ago tried to downplay his role on Friday, saying whatever he had declared at the meeting were mere \"suggestions\".Muhakkam Pehalwan, a former Armyman, had taken the lead in the panchayat meeting to place restrictions on the movement of young girls in village Aasra of Baghpat district in UP. On Friday, he said the decisions were not binding.\"Whatever I said were just suggestions. I am an ordinary villager. There was no fatwa for anyone,\" Muhakkam, who has gone into hiding, said on phone from an undisclosed location. He added that the decisions were taken in the backdrop of some boys and girls of the village eloping and marrying in court. \"The marriages have left a bad impact on other youngsters and it should not happen again,\" the former Grenadiers hawaldar said.But the edict has already had an impact, creating fear among young girls and boys of this 35,000-strong Muslim-dominated village. Elders, however, seem to be rallying behind the diktat. Many supported his \"suggestions\" of not allowing girls to use mobile phones before marriage or letting them go out unescorted, not permitting boys to listen to music on headphones or letting those who marry in court to return to the village.Muhakkam is not a panchayat member but says he came up with the measures as a \"responsible Muslim and a responsible inhabitant of the village\".There is a sub-plot to the diktat. Villagers told TOI in hushed voices that everyone was backing Muhakkam's suggestions mainly because of two reasons.One, because five-six girls of the village had recently eloped, some with dalit boys. And two, because of a power struggle between Muhakkam, who is eyeing the village sarpanch's post, and the present incumbent, Chaudhary Muzaffar, who is not generally seen to have done a good job.Muhakkam, a professional wrestler who won many medals for the Army during his stint between 1981 and 1994, has been active in local politics in the area and is a member of the zila panchayat.The diktat appears to have been taken seriously as no boys were seen with mobiles, nor were any girls going out unescorted in the village.More importantly, every villager TOI spoke to backed the diktat. \"Muhakkam has said these things to uphold our values. We will follow this panchayat's decision,\" said Mazhar Ali, a villager.Aasra is said to be the biggest village in the area with more than 35,000 residents, most of them Muslims along with an insignificant number of schedule castes.Although the administration has called the panchayat's decision undemocratic, the police have not taken any action as they have not received any complaint. But they are believed to be on the lookout for Muhakkam, who has ostensibly gone into hiding.On Thursday night, police had taken Muhakkam and another villager into custody after news of the panchayat decision broke. But a mob of around 300-400 villagers followed the police team and blocked the Baghpat-Saharanpur highway. They also clashed with the cops, injuring a few officers and damaging a police vehicle.Under the circumstances, the police had to let off Muhakkam and his associate. The cops later registered a case under various sections, including rioting, obstructing police personnel from performing their duties and arson, against 17 persons from Aasra and about 250 unknown persons. SSP Baghpat V S Shekhar told TOI, \"We are looking into the matter. We have registered a case related to Thursday's incident\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14873711", "title": "New fat that can curb obesity found", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have identified a third type of fat that helps burn calories in adults, a finding they say could speed up the development of effective treatments for obesity.The calorie-burning tissue, called beige fat, is produced from ordinary \"white fat\" cells that store energy and contribute to excess bodyweight. In addition, there is heat-generating \"brown fat\" carried by infants to keep them warm.Past research had suggested adults also had small amounts of brown fat, which helped to prevent obesity. The new work showed that what was previously thought to be adult brown fat is actually genetically distinct \"beige fat\".Like brown fat, it has the ability to burn calories instead of storing them in waistline-expanding deposits. Beige fat is now seen as a key target for new strategies to fight the obesity epidemic, the researchers said.\"We've identified a third type of fat cell. There's white, brown and now there is this third type that is present in most or all human beings,\" lead study researcher Dr Bruce Spiegelman, from Harvard Medical School , was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail. \"Going forward, it means that what you want to study for potential therapies are the beige fat cells in these 'hotspots' we're all walking around with,\" he said.Dr Spiegelman's team found beige fat cells in scattered pea-sized deposits beneath the skin near the collarbone and along the spine in human adults. A natural hormone made by exercising muscles, irisin, stimulates beige fat to burn calories nearly as effectively as brown fat, they found. The research, published in the latest online issue of the journal Cell, showed that beige fat cells spring from stem cell precursors of white fat cells. In contrast, brown fat cells emerge from muscle stem cells.Beige fat cells behaved like a hybrid of the two cell types, being able both to store and burn calories. Stimulated the right way, their burning capacity was ramped up, the researchers found.Meanwhile, Ember Therapeutics, a biotic company founded by Dr Spiegelman, now plans to develop the hormone's therapy potential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14872921", "title": "3 collegians drown at Gorai beach", "text": "MUMBAI: For 13 students from a Thane college, a picnic to Gorai beach on Friday went horribly wrong, with three of them drowning and a fourth suffering injuries.Two bodies, one of them a girl's, have been found and a search is on for the third. Civic officials said the students had ignored the warnings of lifeguards not to enter the water. The Gorai police have registered accidental death cases.The students, aged 18-20, studied at GSS College of Commerce at Majiwada and were residents of Thane and Bhiwandi. The group reportedly reached Gorai around 11am in two vehicles and hit the beach half an hour later.Several warning boards have been placed at the beach, but the group was wading in knee-deep water when we were alerted,\" Sandeep Tamhane, a lifeguard, said. \"I was nearly two kilometres away and ran to their rescue. They did not seem to know swimming and I rescued three of them. The tide was low and they were getting pulled into the sea,\" he added.While Ashish Chavan, Sujata Patil and Niranjan Shinge drowned, Tushar Mhaskar got away with injuries. Tushar was taken to Bhagwati Hospital, while fire brigade and police personnel are on the hunt for Shinge's body. According to a civic official, when a lifeguard warned the students against venturing into the sea, they left the spot and entered the water from another place.Meanwhile, disbelief and grief gripped the faculty and students of the college on learning about the tragedy. College trustee Ramchandra Mulundkar said, \"The second year students had planned a picnic to Gorai after college and had hired vehicles.\"Among the survivors who went to the college later was Bhagyashree Patil. She said, \"Everything happened so fast. We entered the water when suddenly a gigantic tide came in our direction. We tried to swim back to the shore with as much strength as we could muster. Some of us extended a helping hand to those who could not swim but watched in horror as they got sucked in.\"Some of the students' parents said they were aware of the picnic and had, in fact, packed lunch boxes for the youngsters. \"We were waiting for the group to return from Gorai when we got news of the deaths,\" a parent said.(With inputs from Johan Fleury)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14873615", "title": "Gandhi Setu: Toll collection may end", "text": "PATNA: The toll plaza at the northern end of Gandhi Setu will soon be withdrawn and vehicles will cross the 5.75km-long bridge without paying toll. The ministry of road transport and highways has taken a decision to this effect and the state road construction department (RCD) is waiting for the notification.\"After our repeated reminders and chief minister Nitish Kumar's discussion on this subject, the Union ministry has taken a decision in principle and the day we get this notification, the toll plaza will wind up,\" RCD minister Nand Kishore Yadav told TOI on Friday. Kumar had raised the matter during his meeting with Union minister of road transport and highways C P Joshi last month, wherein a decision to stop toll collection was reached.Yadav said the long queues at the toll plaza were the main reason behind traffic jam on the bridge, which is in a dilapidated state. The Setu, which was opened in 1982, was originally a four-lane bridge, but for several years only two lanes and at certain points only one lane is functional. The repair work continues throughout the year adding to the woes of passengers.The bridge is weak and long queues of stranded vehicles, including heavy vehicles, at the toll plaza is a major cause of concern, said Yadav and added the Centre had been urged many times to withdraw toll collection.The minister said the bridge was constructed at a cost of about Rs 87.72 crore but more than Rs 145 crore had already been collected through toll. NHAI collects the toll through state agencies. \"About Rs 10 crore is collected every year from this bridge,\" he added. It is estimated that 75,000 vehicles of different sizes cross the bridge every day.To overcome the problem in maintaining north Bihar's link with the state capital, the state government had mooted a plan to construct a bridge parallel to Gandhi Setu. Now, the ministry of road transport and highways has given its nod for construction of a six-lane bridge connecting Kachchi Dargah in Patna to Biddupur in Vaishali district. The bridge costing over Rs 2,000 crore will come up under public-private partnership (PPP) mode and will take about five years to build.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14878035", "title": "At 50, he may be India\u2019s oldest medical student", "text": "CHENNAI: The 177-year-old Madras Medical College perhaps has the oldest medical student in the country. N Saravanapavan, a 50-year-old Sri Lankan Tamil, has been a student of the famed medical institution, one of the oldest in the country, for 24 years now, occupying a room in the college hostel.The case tumbled out after Saravanapavan approached the Madras high court to erase certain adverse remarks on his travel documents, so that he could travel hassle-free between India and Sri Lanka .\"He took his second year examinations 16 times,\" government advocates told the court earlier this week. On paper, he is in the final year of his MBBS course now. All these years, he kept filing petitions and managed to extend his student visa, which is set to expire on Friday (July 13). Saravanapavan has already left the country and is hopeful of returning to complete the course after getting the visa extended, his counsel said.He was a prime accused in the Chennai airport bomb blast case of 1984 in which 33 people were killed. He was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment in 1987, only to be acquitted of all charges by the Madras high court in April 2000. After his conviction, Saravanapavan came out of jail on bail, returned to his country and joined the MBBS course in 1988 after coming to India on a student visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14878869", "title": "Khadakwasla water for Daund? Deputy CM\u2019s move draws ire", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's directive to release water from the Khadakwasla dam to areas in Daund taluka met with fierce opposition in the city on Friday. Leaders of all political parties, except Pawar's Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP), hit out at the move, saying it was ill-timed because Pune itself was soon going to receive alternate day water supply as the water levels in the dams around the city had hit a low.However, district collector Vikas Deshmukh deferred the implementation of Pawar's order till Monday. \"Before releasing water to Daund, we have to first talk to the police, the revenue and irrigation departments, and the MSEDCL about keeping checks and preventing water thefts,\" he said.The state government wants Pune to share the water it receives from the Panshet, Varasgaon, Temghar and Khadakwasla dams with Daund. As of now, the reservoirs providing water to Pune have 1.70 TMC storage and the plan is to release 0.5 TMC water to Daund.According to Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) officials, alternate day water supply to the city will suffice till August 15.Pawar on Thursday convened a meeting in Mumbai with Deshmukh, irrigation officials and elected representatives from rural Pune to discuss the situation in Daund, Patas, Yawat, Rahu and other villages in rural Pune. Pawar had earlier pointed out that Daund receives water once every three days.After the meeting, Pawar told Deshmukh and the irrigation department to release water to these areas from the Khadakwasla dam. He also ordered that the water released through the right canal should be used for drinking purposes only and that power supply to agriculture water pumps should be snapped so that the water is not used for irrigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14873613", "title": "For first time, Jammu and Kashmir residents may have to pay property tax", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jammu &amp; Kashmir residents may have to pay tax on commercial and residential properties for the first time.On Friday, J&K; chief minister Omar Abdullah told the Planning Commission that his government would try to build a political consensus in the next assembly session over the issue, according to a source who was present in the meeting, where Plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia finalized Rs 7,300 crore annual plan outlay for the state for financial year 2012-13.\"The CM was asked to introduce stamp duty in the state,\" she said.Upbeat with tourism boom in the state, Abdullah wants to build a new golf course in Ladhakh. The CM told the Commission that though there is phenomenal growth in tourism, he wants to project it as an increasing employment opportunity for locals.Plans are afoot to introduce traffic lights in Srinagar for the first time to manage the traffic in the state capital.Ahluwalia praised the state government for restoring economic activity and focusing on the development of social and physical infrastructure. He asked the state to further encourage private participation by creating an atmosphere conducive to investment. Education, health and tourism should be given priority while working out development strategy, he added.Advising J&K; to improve resources of revenue, the Plan panel pointed out that tourism sector holds tremendous potential to boost economic activities in the state since it generates both direct and indirect employment. Promotion of heritage, adventure, pilgrim and eco-tourism should also receive attention.Briefing the Commission on the strategy for the 12th plan, Abdullah said that enhanced and inclusive development is a key component of the overall strategy to build on peace dividends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14874392", "title": "Break in monsoon likely in next few days", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a good spell of rain over large parts of northwest India, including Delhi, Haryana, Punjab and Uttarakhand , a break in the monsoon system is likely over the next few days that can threaten to undo the gains recorded in July so far.Met officials say a break in rainfall is expected between Saturday and next Thursday. Only very light sporadic showers may occur over the region, with the trends so far in keeping with the prediction that the northwest would get the lowest rainfall.But the repeated breaks in the monsoon are worrying as unless rainfall in July and August is close to the levels anticipated by the Met, the overall precipitation may fall further. The patchy monsoon has defied prediction models with even broad outcomes not easy to anticipate.Under the impact of an active monsoon in recent days, heavy rains were reported on Friday over several parts of Delhi in the morning and again in the evening. At the Safdarjung observatory, 24-hour rainfall till 8.30 am was 4.1 mm while another 0.4 mm was recorded till 5.30 pm.The day remained cloudy and despite a maximum temperature of 36.2 degrees celsius, one degree above normal, and a minimum of 27.4 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal, humidity levels of 92% left the day quite uncomfortable.Rains may recede in the northwest, but Met officials said the monsoon is expected to strengthen over the southern peninsula after 2-3 days.\"Madden-Julian Oscillation, a combination of atmospheric circulation and tropical convection, which has been lying over the Indian Ocean for almost a week now, is expected to move eastwards shortly. Once this shifts, the southern peninsular region will get better rainfall which will result in a simultaneous reduction in rainfall activity over northwest and north India,\" said Dr D Sivananda Pai, IMD's chief monsoon forecaster.\"Right now, due to the movement of the monsoon trough towards the Himalayan foothills, north and east India are witnessing widespread light to moderate showers. This trough will also move southwards by the beginning of the next week which will result in a reduction in rainfall over these regions,\" Pai added.However, some experts point out that the coming week might not see an overall improvement in rainfall over the country. \"With the MJO impact, rainfall over south India may improve but still not be rated as good. No strong systems have formed that will help in rainfall. Northwest India too will see only sporadic showers. A deficiency of 23% existed in rainfall over the country till Friday. I do not see any significant change in it in the coming few days,\" said a source.A western disturbance expected around July 19 might bring some relief though. Dr R C Vashisth, director, IMD, said that the interaction between the western disturbance and moist easterly winds should bring another spell of good rain over northwest India towards the end of the coming week.Met officials have predicted rain and thundershowers over many places in sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim , northeast states, west coast, Gangetic West Bengal, Bihar , Jharkhand , east Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh , Orissa, Vidarbha, east Madhya Pradesh and west Himalayan region for the next two days and at a few places over Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, west UP, East Rajasthan, Gujarat and west MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14871842", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation sleeps over plans for railing", "text": "MUMBAI: Drowning incidents during the monsoon at the Gateway of India have almost become routine. Despite several cases of drowning and suicide, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has been sleeping over plans to set up a railing along the seafront, from the Taj hotel to Radio Club. The plan has been in the pipeline for more than a year.The proposal had been forwarded to the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC) but since then due to jurisdictional red-tape, the project has been stalled. Civic chief Sitaram Kunte told TOI, \"We will have to look into the matter.\"Former Colaba corporator Vinod Shekhar, who has been pushing for this for over a year, told TOI that the civic administration hasn't been serious about preventing such mishaps. The corporator had raised a notice of motion in the last corporation but no action has been taken by the civic administration yet. \"I have been insisting that the corporation puts up a railing to prevent drownings. But despite speaking to the former civic chief, no action has been taken yet,\" said Shekhar. The former corporator had mooted the idea of a railing that would increase the height of the existing wall by about two feet.Following several cases of drowning reported across the city, the BMC now plans to increase the lifeguards at its beaches. Mayor Sunil Prabhu, who took up the matter with civic chief Kunte, said, \"We have decided that we need to make arrangements for more lifeguards at our beaches, like Goa.\"Over the past five years, 65 people have drowned at the city's six beaches, but only 35 lifeguards have been deployed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14870653", "title": "Minor gangraped by minor &amp; 2 others, held", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Ramnagar police have arrested three accused, including a minor, in connection with abduction and gangrape of a minor girl. The trio committed the heinous act in Lohara jungle on Thursday evening and later filmed an MMS of their act also.According to police sources, all three accused and the 14-year-old victim belong to Indira Nagar locality. The main accused, 17-year-old, on Thursday asked the victim to accompany him to Lohara jungle for sight seeing. When she denied, he forcibly took her on his bike to Lohara forest, eight km away from city, where his two friends - Pankaj Thakur (21) and Hanif Sheikh (23) - were waiting.All three of them allegedly raped her and later filmed their act in mobile phone. The victim somehow managed to reach home late in the evening and narrated the incident to her parents. Later, her father filed complaint with the Ramnagar police station during midnight. The police immediately moved into action and launched manhunt for the accused.Ramnagar police officer MD Sharnagat himself led the search operation and trio was picked up within an hour of filing the complaint. \"All three accused were not available at their respective residences. But we soon traced their location and arrested them. A mobile phone having obscene MMS and photos of the victim has been seized from accused Thakur's possession,\" Sharnagat said.The police have charged them with abduction, gangrape and recording obscene MMS. Thakur and Sheikh were produced before the court on Friday and were sent to police custody till July 17 while the minor accused was produced before juvenile court and was sent to remand home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14871115", "title": "DG's squad seizes IMFL worth Rs 1.8 lakh from near Koba", "text": "AHMEDABAD: State director general of police's vigilance team seized two cars near Koba circle early on Friday morning with IMFL worth Rs 1.80 lakh. Police have started a search on the basis of the cars' registration numbers. According to vigilance squad officials, a team led by inspector R L Solanki and sub-inspector K J Patel got a tip-off about liquor being ferried into the city via the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar highway. Working on the information, they kept a watch at Koba circle. After midnight, they spotted a Hyundai Verna car followed by Ford Ikon. As the drivers saw the police barricades, they zoomed off in the opposite direction and the policemen gave chase.\"After a while, we found the cars abandoned by the road. Inside them, we found 53 crates containing 924 bottles of various brands of IMFL. We have given the details of the cars registered in Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar to Adalaj police station for further investigation,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870371", "title": "Vignesh, Hriday off to MUSS's Global Residential Training Program", "text": "MUMBAI: The projector at the Manchester United Soccer School (MUSS) spilled the images of the club's legends at their best. A routine montage, shown countless times. However, MUSS trainees Vignesh Naiker and Hriday Vaswani soaked in every move of and every celebration. The novelty of seeing their stars in action never diminishes for these two. Especially, as they are just one flight away from realizing their dreams. The talented duo has been selected for MUSS's Global Residential Training Program at Denstone College, Straffordshire in UK, after emerging as the most complete footballers from among 637 trainees at MUSS. The boys will be part of a group of 145 players from 43 countries and they will get to spend a week at the facility apart from honing their game as well as social skills.\"Throughout our programs each year we will be looking to reward two players to represent MUSS, Mumbai. Our two ambassadors this year are Hriday Vaswani and Vignesh Naikar,\" explained MUSS head coach Chris O'Brien. For 16-year-old Vignesh, the journey to the football field took a long time. The class 10 student of OLGC High School had neither watched nor played the sport until two years back. \"It was the 2010 FIFA World Cup that got me interested in football,\" said the left winger. \"My friends used to tell me about all the action and I used to watch it on Youtube. I decided to give it a shot.\"After getting into his school team with relative ease, he was soon named captain. He went on to win the inter-school trophy and the golden boot for most number of goals. \"I watched Cristiano Ronaldo's video 'The boy who had a dream' and I guess it influenced me to pursue the sport,\" said Vignesh, also a district level gold medallist in 400m.Vignesh also is inspired by his sister. \"After my father's demise five years back, my sister dropped out of college to support the family. She has taken a bank loan to fund my training here. Had it not been for her belief and support, I wouldn't have kicked a ball ever in my life,\" said the Chunabhatti resident, who started coaching kids at 14 to make ends meet.And sharing this dream ride with Vignesh will be 14-year-old Hriday, aka Messi of his local club Ocean's 11. \"People call me Messi because I am small like him and also because I am fast,\" says the class VIII student of Dhirubhai Ambani International School. Unlike Vignesh, Hriday was a regular football enthusiast, part of the school team since his U-10 days and also the captain of the U-12 team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14870537", "title": "Housebreaking incidents rock Yavatmal, outskirts", "text": "YAVATMAL: Two housebreaking thefts on Wednesday night have posed a serious challenge to the police department. Thieves decamped with 250 gram gold and 100 gram silver, besides Rs22,000 cash in total.According to sources, one of the burglaries occurred on the city's outskirts, at Satyanarayan Layout in village Wadgaon, considered as the political headquarters of the district, under the jurisdiction of Wadgaon Road Police Station. Another housebreaking occurred at Agrawal layout on Waghapur village road under the jurisdiction of city police station.In the first incident, burglars broke open the door of house belonging to sectional engineer, Baban Yende (52), who had gone to Bhadravati with family to attend his nephew's marriage. The thieves decamped with 123 gram gold jewellery. The housebreaking was noticed when Yende returned with family on Thursday morning. He lodged a complaint at Wadgaon Road Police Station. PSO, Sarjerao Gaikwad, and his team conducted a panchanama. Dog squad and fingerprint experts were also summoned. The sniffer dog could lead the cops up to a short distance only.In another incident, unidentified burglars broke open the house of Sohan Nathmal Rathi (41) in Agrawal Layout on Wednesday night when he had gone to his relatives along with family. The thieves decamped with 125 gram gold ornaments and silver articles weighing 100 grams. They also forced open the cupboard and took away cash Rs22,000.On Rathi's complaint, PSO, Prahlad Giri of City Police Station, and his team conducted a panchanama. A sniffer dog led the cops to a vacant house in Waghapur. Cops have taken fingerprints from the place.Sarjerao Gaikwad and Prahlad Giri have launched a joint investigation after registering criminal offences against unidentified burglars under relevant sections of the IPC as they suspect the involvement of same gang in both cases. No arrests have been made so far.Citizens and residents on the periphery are having sleepless nights after these incidents.It is pertinent to note that Wadgaon is the political headquarter of Yavatmal district as many people's representatives and ministers have residences in this village. Prominent among those are ministers Shivajirao Moghe and Rajendra Darda, MPCC president, Manikrao Thakre, MP Vijay Darda, deputy speaker Vasant Purke, MLAs Nilesh Parwekar and Wamanrao Kasawar, MLC Sandeep Bajoria, former MPs, the late Uttamrao Patil and Sadashivrao Thakre, former MLAs, the late Nanasaheb Tajne and the late Balasaheb Ghikhedkar, NCP district president, Suresh Lonkar, ZP president, Pravin Deshmukh, former BJP president Uddhav Yerme, working president of Shiv Sena District unit, Pravin Pande, and other low rung political leaders.Sitting Shiv Sena MLA of Digras, Sanjay Rathod and former chief minister of Maharashtra, the late Sudhakarrao Naik also have properties at Wadgaon, which is the biggest gram panchayat in the district.At Agrawal Layout, former MP, Jambhuwantrao Dhote, and his wife, former MLA Vijaya Dhote, have their residence.SP Ranjankumar Sharma has his task cut out in tracing the burglars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14871913", "title": "Hearing on Shukla's plea adjourned", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Friday adjourned the hearing of the writ petition filed by former principal secretary (health) Pradeep Shukla till July 17. Shukla is an accused in the multi-crore NRHM scam.The court also extended the stay order by which it had earlier restrained the CBI from submitting the report after conclusion of the investigation. The CBI, which is investigating the NRHM scam, on Friday filed its counter-affidavit. The order was passed by a division bench of Justice Amar Saran and Justice Anurag Kumar on a writ petition filed by Pradeep Shukla seeking quashing of the criminal cases registered against him at Noida and Ghaziabad and other different places in NRHM scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14870652", "title": "Teen cancer victims hail state\u2019s gutka ban", "text": "MUMBAI: Roshan Wankhede (18) would have passed his HSC exams this year, but for a medical problem. He had to undergo surgery for removal of nearly half of his upper jaw. Roshan has been suffering from last-stage mouth cancer for over a year.Roshan was 13 years old when he started consuming tobacco because of peer pressure. A sachet or two occasionally soon turned to seven to eight sachets a day. \"I wanted to do what all my friends did. Of the 50 students in our class, 10 used to consume paan masala. It was all for fun,\" said the Amravati resident. \"My parents didn't know that I had this habit,\" he said.What started as small ulcers developed into full-fledged cancer on the roof of Roshan's mouth in a matter of months. Local doctors advised him to go to Tata Memorial Hospital, as they were sure that the problem was more than just ulcers.\"We had to remove half of his upper jaw and reconstruct it with the flesh of his thigh. He also underwent chemotherapy and radiotherapy following his surgery. Presently, he is able to consume only liquid food and has difficulty in speaking clearly,\" said Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, oral oncologist at Tata Memorial Hospital, who conducted the surgery on Roshan. \"There are 70% chances of recurrence of the cancer and he has to come to us for follow-ups every three months,\" he added.At an age when most boys step into adulthood, Sonu Solanki used to pray for death. While working in a shopping mall at the age of 15, Sonu (now 29), caught the habit of chewing tobacco. \"Boys my age were put on night shifts to guard and clean the mall. In order to avoid sleeping on duty, they often chewed tobacco. Little did I know that this small habit would turn into an addiction,\" said Sonu.Sonu said he used to consume about six packets of gutka every day and despite several warnings from his family members, he continued to chew it even while he was in school. By 17, he had mouth cancer, for which he had to undergo surgery.Sonu also developed a boil in his left cheek, which swelled up with pus. \"It was so painful that I would often cry and pray for it all to end,\" he said. Doctors detected cancer in the first stage and performed a surgery. They removed a bone from Sonu's jaw, along with both tonsils.Sonu had spoken during the sensitization program for MLAs in the Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha a few months back. He had urged CM Prithviraj Chavan to ban gutka in the state. Today, he said he is happy to know that gutka has been banned. \"The state has done a great job. The government's move will help many boys like me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14872020", "title": "At Allahabad University, it's dream come true for students", "text": "ALLAHABAD: So this is the grand Allahabad University, was the comment of Amarnath, Rajkumar, Rajesh and Sunita, hailing from rural segments of Allahabad, who were among thousands of other newly admitted students of AU who were on the varsity campus for the first time after taking admission in BCom and BSc.\"Since all of us come from rural areas, we had just heard of the AU and its grand campus and now after getting admitted, it is like a dream come true for us,\" said Sunita. Being the eldest among my brothers and sisters, coming at AU paves the way for them too who would one day come and study in this over 120-year-old university, she added.The AU campus, which would formally open on July 16, is already buzzing with student activities. Since morning long queues of students, sweating and waiting for their turn, is being witnessed at the main administrative building of AU.Both boys and girls waited patiently in the hot humid season to deposit the fees and procurement of forms, used for scrutiny and improvement exam. Although most of them complained about the lack of arrangements but they had their own recreational methods. \"Every year we get ourselves prepared for these long queues and slow working of the clerical staff,\" said a student.The campus is also witnessing reunion of special friends and classmates. Pairs were seen at various locations of the campus as they meet each other after a prolonged gap. Most of these duos were seen at the stairs of Senate Hall and Vizanagram Hall.\"It was very difficult to meet with friend once the varsity was closed as parents keep a constant vigil. But here at the campus we are a free bird again,\" said a pair of students.Queues were also seen at the proctor's office which is becoming more and more hectic with the passing days. \"As the campus prepares itself for the opening of the new academic session, student activity has increased at the office too as more and more student line up for procuring migration and character certificates,\" said one of the employee of the proctor's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14871640", "title": "Cops didn\u2019t take case seriously: Friends", "text": "Friends of the Laila Khan family plan to meet the director general of police to seek an inquiry into police action in the case. They allege that the Oshiwara police, Nashik Police and the antiterrorism squad (ATS) did not take the missing complaint seriously.Laila's stepfather Asif Shaikh and close friend Riyaz Bhatti had tried to register the complaint for eight months, but the Oshiwara police did nothing. \"In June 2011, I got a call from the secretary of Laila's Sunshine Society that Kashmir Police had recovered an abandoned jeep. So, we started inquiring. I, Afghan Khan (Laila's friend) and others went to Laila's farmhouse and were shocked to see it half burnt,\" Bhatti, who was making a movie starring Laila, told TOI.Bhatti said that in July 2011, he, along with Rakhi Sawant's brother Rakesh, addressed a press conference, where they said Laila was missing. It was three months later that the Oshiwara police called Laila's step father Nadir Patel, who had filed an application with them earlier, and registered a missing complaint. \"Why did the police take so long to do this?\" Bhatti asked rhetorically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14877765", "title": "Mantralaya blaze started in server room: Re-enactment", "text": "Electrical engineers and inspectors with the state's energy department now believe they have conclusively traced the origins of the June 21 fire, which charred the top four floors of Mantralaya.In a report submitted to the state government on July 7, the department, which recreated the scene of the fire in a first floor room with eyewitnesses a week after the incident, has blamed a short-circuit between the UPS of the local server and a switch rack.In a re-enactment , Mantralaya officials who were among the first to have noticed the fire, were asked to sit in a first-floor room (no 111), similar to the fourth-floor chamber (no 411) where they were seated that day. The furniture and equipment were arranged as in room no 411 to recreate the scene. \"The eye-witnesses who first suspected sparking inside the server room were taken inside and asked to sit exactly where they were when they heard the first sparks,\" said a senior official. Urban department joint secretary Suresh Kakani, his secretary Rohidas Khale, deputy secretary Prabhakar Pawar and other two peons namely Raghuveer and Lalibai were among the first to see the sparks. Khale and Kakani, who had first heard a fire cracker sparkler-like sound, were asked to identify the direction of the sound from their respective positions. As superintending electrical engineer S R Bagade and electrical inspector Sandhya Pol, both with the energy department , created artificial sparks at several points inside the local server room, the eyewitnesses confirmed that the sound came from a point between the UPS and the switch rack (to which computers were connected ). \"The exercise showed it was an electrical fire near the UPS, either on the incoming or outgoing terminal supply to the switch rack. The scene had to be recreated as the fire didn't leave even traces of wires, switch racks or other equipment,\" said a senior official.An eyewitness told TOI that since the entrance to the server room was through Kakani's cabin, which made it difficult for people to enter and put it out. The fire spread faster when it came in contact with papers, wooden partitions and mats. Some officials said nearly 92 different wires were connected to the main server room in the new administrative building. \"Once such a network catches fire, it naturally spreads faster and thus can easily become uncontrollable ,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-14"}
