{"city": "None", "code": "16614438", "title": "I proposed to Oprah Winfrey: Prince Manvendra Singh", "text": "India's first royal gay to come out of the closet, Prince Manvendra Singh Gohil, has been featured in the current fall issue of Mate magazine as one of the 500 most influential gays in the world.Congratulate him on this latest accolade coming to him, and Manav (as he's fondly called) says: \"I'm really happy that I have made it to this list, which has along with me -another Indian - a Delhi-based lawyer. But, I'm saddened by the fact that India's most vocal and pioneering gay, Ashok Row Kavi's name hasn't been added in the list, when he deserved to be there for sure!\"My mother never hugged me The best part about the prince of Rajpipla is that despite gaining so much of popularity, he still remains a down-to-earth person. Ask him the reason behind this humility, and he replies: \"As a child, I was never allowed to mingle with the normal kids. My relations with my parents were also very formal. In fact, my mother never hugged me. Royal relations are completely mired in protocol, so there is never a deep connect with the parents and family. That's why when I came out of the closet, I found my freedom. I find it easy to reach out to the common man and bond with him effortlessly. This is a more real world and I thrive in it!\"I adore Oprah Manav is the only gay royal to be interviewed by the celebrity chat show hostess Oprah Winfrey . Ask him if he has any plans to meet her when he goes to the US a few months later, and pat comes the reply: \"I'm going to the US for an event at the United Nations , so I will not be able to meet her. But, I must confess that I simply adore Oprah. She's very real and such a nice human being. In fact, I proposed to her when I met her last and told her that if I wasn't gay, I would have married her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16606978", "title": "Pension scheme for construction workers in the offing", "text": "GUNTUR: Stating that huge funds are available with the building and construction workers' welfare board, labour commissioner B Ramanjaneyulu has asked the department officials to get all the workers enrolled to make them eligible for assistance.He said that he would not hesitate to take action against officials if any worker complains about negligence in enrolling them under the scheme.Speaking to reporters on Saturday, Ramanjaneyulu said nearly Rs 1,000 crore was available with the welfare board. He said that about 15 lakh workers across the state were registered as building labourers and there was scope for getting another 10 lakh workers enrolled.He said that various benefits would be extended to workers in case of accidents and injuries at the workplace from the welfare board. He said that there was a provision for giving Rs 5,000 financial assistance for women workers involved in construction sites.\"The government had so far spent just Rs 50 crore from the board due to lack of awareness among the workers about the benefits provided to them by the labour department. We will conduct massive awareness drive across the state,\" he explained. He said that Rs 2 lakh ex gratia would be paid to the family of the worker in case of death at the work site.Ramanjaneyulu said the department was also planning to introduce pension scheme for the workers in construction field. He said that Centre had agreed to pay Rs 1,000 towards its contribution for each member and state would pay another Rs 1,000 every year. He said that the scheme could be implemented if the workers too are ready to pay their share to the pension fund. He said that a worker would start getting the pension when he reaches 50 years and the pension amount would depend on the amount contributed by the workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607958", "title": "Mahindra Satyam to start IT unit in Mihan", "text": "NAGPUR: Mahindra Satyam, formerly Satyam Computer Services headed by B Ramalinga Raju, has decided to start its IT development centre in Mihan. Shivanand Raja, senior vice president of the company, told the media that as a part of its expansion programme, the company would set up a 1,000 seat capacity centre with an initial investment of around Rs 80 crore. The phase-I of the campus would be operational within 15 to 18 months.Raja further said that the Nagpur operations would be expanded in a phased manner as per the master plan adding that construction of the centre would begin soon.\"Expansion in to tier-II cities is a step to achieve our Mission 2015. I am confident that apart from creating employment opportunities in these cities, we will be able to foster innovation as a part of our growth agenda,\" the Mahindra Satyam official explained.UPS Madan, vice-chairman and managing director of MADC, said that Mahindra Satyam's decision to start its centre in Mihan is a landmark development for the SEZ. \"With quality infrastructure, smart lifestyle options and an investor friendly business environment, I am certain that more and more companies will be attracted towards Mihan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608551", "title": "Traffic in charge challans driver", "text": "City traffic in charge Beant Juneja issued a challan to his own driver and made him pay a fine of Rs 300 on the spot for jumping the red light and coming from the wrong side at Bhai Bala Chowk on Saturday. Juneja said, We have clear-cut directions from the commissioner of police for zero tolerance to traffic violations. People would accuse us of double standards if we let our own personnel violate rules, therefore I challaned my own driver. In a similar case, a district revenue officers driver was challaned and fined on September 20, for wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16615043", "title": "Individuals can apply for natural building apprenticeship", "text": "PUNE: Individuals involved or interested in sustainable processes from Pune can now apply for the natural building apprenticeship this year which will be held at Sundarpur, Bihar from October 23 to December 23. The apprenticeship will be conducted by Pune based architect Saurabh Phadke.This two month program is an intensive exploration of several facets of architecture in practice and in theory. The programme will be held at a building made from earth and bamboo that is teacher's home. The teachers work at the local government school.Sunderpur is a small village, a leprosy center next to the town of Raxaul, in northern Bihar. The teacher's home has been designed by students from the University of Linz as a part of the Basehabitat studio. This apprenticeship is a continuation of the same.Only six participants will be selected for the apprenticeship. Individuals involved or interested in sustainable processes, who are physically fit and can endure long working hours of manual labour can apply. Individuals need not have previous knowledge regarding construction or design and who love working in team.Phadke involved in sustainable architecture has conducted several workshops and involved in many school programmes. He uses natural materials for his several projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16615711", "title": "Smart card to replace vehicle registration booklet", "text": "SURAT: Buyer of a new vehicle will now have to pay Rs 200 for vehicle registration book which was offered free of cost with payment of road tax paid to regional transport office (RTO). On payment of the fees the vehicle owner will be offered a smart card instead of the paper book.So far the buyer of new vehicle was supposed to pay only road tax against which he was given vehicle registration number and the registration booklet. With implementation of new rule the RTO is now offering smart card to the vehicle owners. The vehicles buyers are appreciating the introduction of the smart card but unhappy for the additional charges.\"We pay a good amount of tax for use of roads against which the booklet was offered free of cost. The booklet was a cost affective medium of registration and I think the smart card is not that costly option. The government should reduce the fees or provide better services against increased charges,\" said Ketan Ranpara, a college student.Due to the shortage of staff in RTO, a number of applicants for license and vehicle registration have to face trouble. The RTO was also recently cheated by an agent after which strict actions are being taken against the agency system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16607525", "title": "Former casino GM lodges plaint against casino director", "text": "PANAJI: A former general manager of a South Goa casino has lodged a police complaint against a director of the casino management stating that he feared for his life as he had constantly opposed their policies which he claimed were destroying Goan families.Mazhar Alam lodged a complaint with Colva police stating, 'For the last one year, I have been constantly informing Moni Bose to change the policies of the casino in order to increase the flow of tourists and professional gamblers from other parts of India in these casinos, as many young Goans and locals were getting destroyed by gambling in the casinos situated in hotels located in the villages. Recently, for the last three months there have been heated arguments between Bose and myself and all my efforts were in vain. Bose has threatened my family and myself of dire consequences.'When contacted, Bose said, \"Does he (Alam) have any documents to prove that he has asked me to change our policies? He has never taken up such issues with us.' The police have issued call letters to both parties. No FIR has been registered as yet, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16607092", "title": "\u2018Dowry\u2019 death: Kin fume as cops grope for leads", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Two days after a 23-year-old woman's body was found near the railway tracks in Kasna area in a case of alleged dowry death, police have not made any headway. Police, however, claim to have formed two teams and made several attempts to apprehend the accused. Meanwhile, residents of Fazayalpur village, who had threatened to go on the rampage if no arrests were made within 48 hours, have agreed to wait till Sunday before launching a protest.Police said they had conducted raids at the residences of the husband of the victim, Renu, in Palwal an Harayana. \"So far we have not been able to nab the accused,\" said a senior cop. The call details of her husband, Narender, are being scrutinized, and his cellphone is also under surveillance, police said.Police said that the autopsy report confirmed that Renu was four months' pregnant. She had been beaten with a heavy object and had more than 20 injuries on her body. Since there was talk of the victim being raped, her vaginal slides have been preserved.Residents of Fazayalpur and the surrounding villages are on edge. Hundreds of villagers held a panchayat of elders and decided that if police did not take suitable action, they would go on the rampage and torch the police station in the vicinity. \"We had given the police 48 hours to solve the case,\" said Haripal Bahti, Renu's neighbour. \"But after getting assurances from them, we have decided to hold off till Sunday. After that we will not only block railway tracks, but also destroy property,\" Bhati warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608236", "title": "Married to inconvenience, Karnataka cops fume", "text": "BANGALORE: Marriages are apparently made in heaven. Policemen are furious they've been dragged into marking verifications. They're miffed at a home department order listing verification of antecedents of brides/ bridegrooms as a police service. It has been included under Sakala, the scheme for time-bound delivery of services.The home department says a bride/bridegroom, or parents, can apply for verifying the antecedents of a prospective spouse. A certificate would be issued within a fixed timeframe. City police are fuming at this new responsibility. They claim they can only check antecedents, but verification of character and marital compatibility is out of their purview.\"Leave us alone, we have a lot of things to do,\" says a police officer. \"Like mediating in marital battles.\"Take the case of Sangeeta, who got married two years ago. As she was obese, her husband, under pressure from his parents, started harassing her.A criminal complaint was lodged with Basaveshwaranagar police which was then transferred to Channnamanakere Achkut police.It's been a long legal battle for her, with police allegedly not cooperating with her in retrieving her belongings from her husband's house.A doctor in the Jayadeva Institute of Cardiology is in a fix. His wife started suspecting his fidelity after she read an SMS from a woman seeking an appointment. After several attempts at reconciliation, the doctor and wife have filed for a mutual divorce citing marital incompatibility. These are just a few instances of marital discord.\"How can we certify the character or background of a person? There may be problems, emotional or physical, in the marriage and the blame will fall on police,\" says another officer.Says Bangalore police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji: \"Marriage is a serious decision. There are several adjustments needed between partners after marriage. Checking someone's background for employment is OK. But it's difficult for marriage. Police already have several other duties, and given the lack of manpower , this could hinder our work. It's worse when complications arise later in a marriage.\"SV Shashidhar, a former SP and practising lawyer, says: \"Police can act as a peer group in cases when marital incompatibility arises when they had checked the antecedents of both parties. If there are any complications, police can sort them out.\"Times ViewThe home department's asking police to check the antecedents of brides and grooms is impractical. The attention of our policemen, whose primary duty is to keep the state crime-free and track criminals, will get diverted to these extraneous errands. The department is shortstaffed and deploying manpower for marriage-related checks is unfair. Besides, marital checks can be controversial, especially if it means certifying individuals. This gives room for manipulation and harassment. Such exercises are best left to private detectives or families themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16608611", "title": "2 cases from posh areas", "text": "LUDHIANA: Seven more persons tested positive for dengue on Saturday, taking the total count since July to 51. Of these, two patients belong to Pakhowal Road and Model Town. An epidemiologist at civil surgeon's office, Dr Anil Verma, said: \"We receive a report from Sentinel Surveillance Laboratory that confirmed 15 cases of dengue. Of these, seven are from Ludhiana, two from Ferozepur and one each from Fazilka, Hoshiarpur, Sangrur, Himachal Pradesh , Haryana and Rajasthan\".Ludhiana civil surgeon Dr Subhash Batta said after receiving reports of a patient testing positive, fogging is carried out immediately within the area covering 10 houses each on all sides of the patient's home. DMCH's Dr Sandeep Puri said most of the dengue patients undergoing treatment at their hospital were stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607132", "title": "Host varsity wins technical event", "text": "JAIPUR: The inter-university technical event 'Robotics' organized by Jaipur National University (JNU) was won by the host team on Saturday. The technical event was a part of JNU's Technorazz, a three-day annual techno-cultural event held on its campus. The host team headed by Chirag Arora created a robot fulfilling the criteria including its weight (7.5gms) and height (15 cms). The participating teams were given the challenge to run their robots on a wooden line of 4.5 inch width. The host team successfully met all the criteria and ran their robot displaying high quality synchronization, execution and technical algorithm.\"The challenge was difficult but our team managed in limited time while adhering to event conditions. We would be improvising it and will participate in another event,\" said Chirag. Seventeen teams participated in this event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610578", "title": "Sundays meant comics and food: Chandan", "text": "Gone are the days Sunday meant playing with toys and and reading comics. I remember, when I was in school, Sundays used to be fun days. Getting up late in the morning was allowed only on that day. I used to laze around for hours, then sit and watch my favourite serials. I loved Ramayan, Chandrakanata and Shaktiman. There were very few channels in those days and I would only watch Doordarshan. One show, The Three Students, which used to air on some other channel, was also one of my favourites and I'd never miss it at any cost. After taking a bath I would have my lunch. I always used to skip my breakfast those days. For lunch, non-vegetarian dish was a must. Post lunch, it was time for afternoon nap and at around 3.30 pm, I would leave home to play cricket match with friends. Evenings were for family. I'd often finish my homework on Saturday itself so that Sundays could be left to do other things like visiting our relatives. After dinner I'd read comics before hitting the bed.Present tense The charm of lazy Sundays seems to have lost somewhere because of the hectic schedules. Now, I wake up sharp at 5.30 am, have some fruits and do exercises. After that, I take my bath and do puja. This goes on for one hour. Often I visit the Shiva temple which is in my neighbourhood to offer prayers. And if I have shootings, I leave; otherwise I get busy with cleaning my room. At times I go for shopping too. I usually have my lunch a bit early then surf the internet, check my emails, reply or chat with my fans and friends. I watch movies on TV at times. In the evening, I love going to the parks with my mom and spend some time together.Wish I could Since I have a nine-to-five job, besides acting, I hardly get time to spend with my family. It'd be really nice if I could spend a whole Sunday at home, have food prepared by my mom. I want to talk to them or watch movies with them at home. And in the afternoon I would love to visit the Dhauli, Konark or go to Puri with my parents. In fact, I am planning to go to Tara Tarini in Ganjam, Biraja in Jajpur and Ghatagaon Tarini in Keonjhar with my family soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608312", "title": "EC derails Didi plan for early panchayat polls", "text": "KOLKATA: The Election Commission has turned down the Bengal government's plea to defer electoral roll revision thus frustrating chief minister Mamata Banerjee's plans of advancing the panchayat polls.Chief election commissioner V S Sampath on Saturday communicated to the state government that the revision of electoral rolls could not be postponed under any circumstances. But it has given the government a token leeway \u2014 the final rolls will be published on January 2 instead of January 15, 2013.Chief secretary Samar Ghosh had written to the poll panel on Thursday asking it to keep the roll revision in abeyance. A similar letter was sent by state election commissioner Mira Pande urging the same.Ghosh said on Saturday, \"The rolls will be published on January 2 instead of January 15. The publication has been advanced by 13 days.\" Panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee chose to look at the brighter side and pointed out that the EC \"has acknowledged our plea and allowed us to publish the final list 13 days ahead\".Work for the roll revision will begin on October 1 as per the EC's original notification.Mamata was eager to hold the rural polls in mid-January instead of in May to reap the benefits of the Trinamool surge. At the July 21 martyrs' day rally she had asked partymen to be ready for a post-Puja rural poll. She had also directed the state administration to proceed accordingly.Subsequently, panchayat secretary Sourabh Das and state election commissioner Pande held several meetings to find out the modality of advancing the elections. But the job seemed an impossibility considering the mammoth task of roll revision. Pande indicated the EC wouldn't be able to complete delimitation of seats and caste census for reservation if the polls were held before April 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16607623", "title": "Barge owners sail into Cabo with memo", "text": "VASCO: Following a decline in the barge business due to problems faced by the mining industry, a delegation of Goa barge owners' association submitted a memorandum to governor B V Wanchoo on Friday .The delegation led by GBOA president Atul Jadhav urged him to intercede with the central and state governments on their behalf to resolve difficulties not only of barge owners but all Goans affected by the ban on mining.GBOA has also made a representation to Jayanti Natarajan, Union minister of state for environment, on 500 crore loans taken from banks.The Goa barge industry employs 6,000 persons directly as barge crew and a further 30,000 persons are employed indirectly, GBOA claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16608594", "title": "Panel to seek action in Jind rape case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Disgruntled with the Hooda-led Haryana government's slack response over the gangrape of a married woman in Jind, whose video clip was circulated sending shock waves in the country, the National Commission for Women (NCW) set up its own committee on Saturday to seek action taken report from Haryana police within seven days.The two-member committee will include NCW member Shamina Shafiq, who will be the chairperson of the inquiry committee, and Hemlatha Kheria will be its member, the commission said.\"I have had enough of this over the last week. If Haryana Police cannot do anything, then we must tell them what to do. I have had a discussion with the IG of Haryana police and have set up a two-member committee,\" NCW chairperson Mamata Sharma told TOI over phone on Saturday.On September 21, a woman was gangraped in Pillu Khera village in Haryana's Jind district.This came on the heels of another gangrape of a 16-year-old in Hisar that took place on September 9 but came to light on September 18 after the girl's father committed suicide following threats to his life.The NCW chairperson said that her commission was ready to exercise more powers under the NCW Act, 1990, which had taken suo motu cognizance of media reports, which said that a 16-year-old girl was gangraped, threatened and thereafter her father committed suicide in Hisar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16615721", "title": "World Heart Day: Mumbai's heart disease burden will worsen", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's zip-zap-zoom lifestyle is a recipe for heart disease. This indictment came from the World Heart Federation just ahead of World Heart Day on September 29.In a new report titled 'Urbanization and cardiovascular disease: Raising heart-healthy children in today's cities', the federation has underlined how it's difficult to stay heart-healthy in India's financial capital. Blame it on the western style'' fast food, street food that is high in saturated fats and salt, easy access to tobacco or the lack of open spaces for children to play, but every aspect of Mumbai's urban lifestyle facilitates the onset of cardiovascular disease (CVD).The report has lampooned Mumbai's urban lifestyle for many of the many health-ills. Rates of obesity and overweight are rising rapidly in the city (although there is also a serious problem with under-nutrition across India). At the same time, there is little land available for recreation and few children take part in regular physical activity,'' said the report. Consider the fact that between 7 and 10 % of schoolchildren in India suffer from hypertension and 15-16 % have high cholesterol levels. As Mumbai is the country's most urbanised hub, it is not difficult to conclude that many of these unhealthy children live here. The federation also quoted a recent survey of schoolchildren showing that more than one-third eat pizza and drink colas, and almost one-quarter eat burgers once or more in a week. The same survey found that Mumbai's children consumed carbonated drinks by more than 7 times the recommended level.Predicting a sharp increase in rates of CVD in Mumbai, the federation has said that coordinated action is needed by local and national government to promote the consumption of healthy foods, increase physical activity and reduce or prevent smoking. Otherwise, a significant increase in CVDs is likely in Mumbai in the coming years,'' the report concluded.The federation has recommended regulation of food production, pricing and labelling as well as effective enforcement of regulation of tobacco production, sale, and advertising. It wants governments to introduce regulation to enable physical activity (such as a transport policy favouring urban cycle lanes; walking paths with curbs on private vehicular transport) and emphasizing the importance of physical activity in the school curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16608410", "title": "Cops spread net on WWW", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a web page meant exclusively for dealing with cases of sexual harassment and other crime against women on the cards, women will soon have an easier way of dealing with such situations. This would also help doing away with the need of going to the nearby police station for filing a complaint or dialing 100 to reach the cops. The web page would give women an opportunity to narrate their experiences online anonymously and also upload evidence, nailing the culprits.The web page on Facebook, is being prepared by the computer branch of the police department and it would be monitored from the police control room by a four-member team. The page will have enough space to store unlimited pictures and comments and will also accept friend requests. It will also be open for men to upload material highlighting sexual harassment in the city.The prime objective behind the move is to crack down on instances of sexual harassment in the city. Sometimes it is seen that a victim is not able to do anything on the spot in the absence of cellphones. However a web page will give her an opportunity to narrate her experience anonymously, a senior police official said.An official of the computer branch said, The identity of girls, who narrate their experiences on the web page, would be concealed for minimizing chances of being traced by miscreants on Facebook. Besides, we will also entertain complaints posted under changed names and identities. However, uploaded pictures and comments will be verified before taking any action. UT SSP Naunihal Singh said the decision of creating the web page was taken after taking into account repeated incidents of sexual harassment. He pointed out that in some incidents it was found that even though the victims had approached the police, their cases were pushed under the carpet. Last year, traffic police had launched its webpage and challaned thousands on the basis of uploaded pictures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16608934", "title": "Only 20% of seized waste consignment is biomedical: PCB", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after police seized two tractors laden with biomedical waste which was taken to be dumped at the Vellalore dumpyard of the Coimbatore Municipal Corporation, pollution control board has claimed that only 20% of the consignment consisted of biomedical waste. They also added that the exact source of the medical waste was yet to be ascertained. Police claimed three people arrested in connection with the incident were actually involved in a waste material collection and trading firm and the medical syringes and other waste materials were given to them as part of a bigger load of garbage.\"The entire consignment was not full of medical waste, but we will take strong measures against those carelessly dumping medical waste instead of handing it over for incineration,\" said P Asokan, district environmental engineer.Coimbatore Municipal Corporation officials claimed the collection of biomedical waste from all medical facilities, both private and government, was to be carried out by a private agency called Techno Therm with an incinerator facility at Orattukuppai in Chettipalayam on the outskirts of the city. The organisation also has a partnership with the Indian Medical Association here in Coimbatore.\"The corporation and the pollution control board are in charge of monitoring the collection and disposal of medical waste. As far as the corporation is concerned, we ensure medical wastes are not mixed with regular solid municipal waste,\" said TK Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore corporation.However, members of the Kurichi-Vellalore Pollution Prevention Action Committee claimed there were numerous instances of various forms of medical waste getting dumped with regular waste and found dumped at Vellalore. Corporation officials claimed all 20 medical wastes under the control of the civic body are handed over to the private firm for proper disposal on a daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh/ambala/yamunanagar/kurukshetra", "code": "16607397", "title": "No storage space for bumper stock in country's food bowl", "text": "CHANDIGARH/AMBALA/YAMUNANAGAR/KURUKSHETRA: Even as Punjab and Haryana governments are getting ready for procurement of paddy from October 1, the previously stocked wheat has not been cleared from mandis across the two states.The storage houses and government godowns are packed with previous year's produce, leaving no space for the fresh produce in the country's food bowl. Various food agencies have stocked 1.45 crore tonne wheat and paddy in Punjab's godowns from 2008. Out of this, only 30.58 lakh tonne has been covered while the rest is lying open.In Haryana's Ambala, the total storage capacity is 8,000 tonne but the food and supply department procured around 70,000 tonne wheat this year. In such severe crunch of space, 62,000 tonne wheat was kept in the open for months.\"What can we do? Infrastructure is limited and arrival of wheat is increasing every year. This year alone, arrival has gone up to around 80,000 tonnes,\" said KK Bishnoi, district food and supply controller, Ambala.The lifting of wheat from godowns of Karnal, Kurukshetra, Ambala, Jagadhari, Panipat, Kaithal, Jind and Fatehabad \u2014 pockets of the paddy crop in Haryana \u2014 has become a huge challenge.Joint director of food and supply department, Haryana, AK Gaur said they have requested Food Corporation of India to lift the wheat stored near mandis. Deputy general manager (operations) of FCI Amitawa Goswami said they would lift around 2 lakh tonne wheat within a week from various mandis.In Punjab, due to the government's failure to make adequate arrangements, out of the total stock kept for the central pool, 52,601 tonne wheat stocked by Markfed, Punjab Agro Food Corporation, Punjab Warehousing Corporation, Punjgrain and Punsup, became so rotten that FCI refused to take it for the central pool and termed it unfit for human consumption.Out of the damaged wheat, 44,679 tonne is now being distributed for use as cattle feed. The decision on rest of the rotten stock is yet to be taken.Officials said over 50 LMT of wheat in Punjab would have to be stored unscientifically due to lack of storage space. But sources said the figure could go up to 80 LMT as the milling of rice was also on in the state.Karnal district food and supply comptroller Ravinder Malik said the farmers had started brining in their produce to the mandis when already around 6 lakh bags of wheat were still lying and the FCI officials had been asked to shift these bags so that the process to procure paddy would begin.Rajkumar, an FCI official in Rohtak, said almost 50% of the total arrival in the rabi season has been lifted from the mandi and they are geared up to receive the new arrival of paddy. While admitting that the godowns are packed, he hoped that the covered space would be available by November end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607111", "title": "Kissing disease on prowl in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: At a time when different kinds of virus are victimizing people, two persons were tested positive for a rare disease that spreads through saliva dubbed as the kissing disease.Two persons, one, a resident of Bharatpur and another of Neem Ka Thana, were found infected with the virus at SMS hospital's laboratory.The disease is called infectious mononucleosis, spread by Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV), also called human herpesvirus 4 (HHV-4), a virus of the herpes family. It spreads through saliva. The symptoms of the disease are like ordinary viral fever. Swollen lymph nodes, sore throat and fatigue are some of the other symptoms.\"Two persons tested positive for the disease. The disease is contagious and can prove fatal in the absence of proper treatment when it develops severe complications,\" said Dr Rajesh Sharma, spokesperson, SMS hospital.He said that both patients had come for treatment from Bharatpur and Neem Ka Thana in Sikar to the medicine unit of the SMS hospital. To confirm the disease, blood test was conducted. The EBV attacks white blood cells (lymphocytes) in the human body.The two patients were brought to Dr S Banerjee's medicine unit. \"Both the patients are males in the age bracket of 23 to 25 years. One of them was discharged while another has been admitted to the hospital as he developed meningitis ,\" Dr Banerjee said.He said, \"It is not a common disease but several cases are reported in the autumn season. Paracetamol tablets along with one anti-viral drug and adequate rest are required for treating the disease.\"The doctors claimed that the disease is common in western countries. The disease mostly affects adolescent and young people and spreads through on mouth-to-mouth contact or through sneezing and coughing.The test to diagnose the disease is very expensive which is why doctors recommend it only after diagnosing swollen lymph nodes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16607700", "title": "Kolhan University gears up for students' polls", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The three-year-old Kolhan University (KU) is gearing up for its first student election, to be held later this year. The KU syndicate has, in principle, decided to hold the college elections, sometime between November and December.\"The purpose behind conducting the election is to avert undue intervention of the self-proclaimed student leaders in the day-to-day affairs of the college students. This has been plaguing the university for years together,\" said sources in the university administration.Asked about the decision to conduct polls in the middle of the current academic session, the university officials said that holding elections in the present circumstances was a mammoth task in itself. \"The decision of the university to conduct students poll should be appreciated in the first place. As far as the timing is concerned, I don't think it is an issue at all,\" said KU, vice chancellor, Salil Roy.Speaking further, he said that the college students have a constitutional right to elect their representatives and the university will not stop them from exercising their right.In his defence of the upcoming elections, a senior university official said, \"Both students and college authorities are fed up with the peculiar and short-sighted politics of the self-proclaimed student leaders, many of whom are in their late 30's and early 40's.\"Roy said the debut student's election is part of a bigger strategy to cleanse the college atmosphere of unwanted elements. KU runs 25 colleges that include 14 constituent and eight affiliated colleges and two minority colleges. The Jamshedpur Woman's College is the lone autonomous college of the university.\"The candidates appearing for the college-level election must be an undergraduate and 22 years of age while those contesting at the university-level must be a student of post graduation and 25 years of age,\" informed Roy, thereby preparing the grounds for the exit of the current crop of student leaders.The dates for the elections, to be held in accordance with the guidelines of the J M Lyngdoh Committee, will be announced soon. \"The notification and other details regarding the structure and mechanism of the students election will be announced soon,\" said Roy. About five years ago, in 2007, students elections were held in the college here, then part of the Ranchi University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16608101", "title": "A soul-stirring musical performance", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Music transcends all barriers, be it language or region. And this fact was pretty much evident at an evening of dance and music where a soul-stirring performance by artists of the Raag Anurag Music Academy at the North central Zone Cultural Centre (NCZCC) recently transported the listeners to an altogether new world of performing arts.The basket of classical and semi-classical songs rendered under the theme \"Crisis' were an amalgam of Hindi, Bengali, Urdu and Sanskrit lyrics where the artists tried to bring to fore the evils plaguing the society in manifold forms like corruption, illiteracy, dowry and crime.What is heartening is the fact that all the performers who were no doubt professionally trained, were not professionals and instead drawn from diverse strata of the society. They included housewives and elderly gentlemen residing in old-age homes, said the convenor, Smriti Lala, talking to TOI.She said that the Academy is relentlessly striving towards bringing those sections of society into the mainstream of music who, despite having an inclination for the same, could never practice it more than a hobby.The concert was divided into four parts through which the performers tried to present the soul of the whole composition, namely realisation, analysis, solution and message to society.Stating that music is the eternal bond which draws one closely towards God, she said that if we want to plan a better future for our children, we need to get a feel about their likes and dislikes, and music is the sole medium to achieve this task.An alumni of Prayag Sangeet Samiti, Durgapur branch, Smriti Lala has been involved in bringing music closer to everyone's heart through performance of her group at orphanages, old age homes and at makeshift shelter for the destitutes. Among them those who express their interest to learn the intricacies of classical and semi-classical music, are imparted training by the academy.She said that response towards the new initiative has been tremendous from housewives who, due to their pre-occupation, in household affairs and daily chores had to abandon music midway but were very much interested in pursuing it later.A visitor at the concert opined that \"music is the right therapy for de-stressing the mind and body because it provides the soothing effect to unwind different parts of the human body\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607729", "title": "Justice Altamas Kabir takes oath as 39th CJI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Justice Altamas Kabir took oath on Saturday as the 39th Chief Justice of India (CJI) signaling a change of guard that many expect to lower the barriers that hindered interaction among higher judiciary during the 16-month tenure of his predecessor Justice SH Kapadia.As CJI, Justice Kabir has less than a year as he retires on July 18, 2013. But many hope that he could utilize the brief tenure to making judiciary more litigant-friendly: perhaps not an unreasonable expectation, considering CJI's amiability. His experience as chairman of National Legal Aid Services Authority, which devises practices to make justice accessible to the poor, could help.His amiability helped Justice Kabir deal with situations where the litigants became unruly and went on to berate judiciary for corruption in its ranks.His ancestors came from an affluent Bengali Muslim family in Faridpur, now in Bangladesh . Although his father Jehangir Kabir was also influential in Bengal politics, the clan was made famous more by his uncle, Humanyun Kabir, a renowned academic.His branch of the clan chose to migrate to India after the partition in 1947. Justice Kabir, who was born on July 19, 1948, is known for his patience: a trait which helps him engage better with lawyers and litigant.As a lawyer, he practiced law, beginning 1973, in district courts and, then, in Calcutta High Court. He became a Judge of Calcutta HC on August 6, 1990.In March, 2005, Justice Kabir became Chief Justice of Jharkhand HC. Six months later, he was appointed a Judge of the Supreme Court. Justice Kabir's wife Minna is a child right activist and their two children, too, have studied law.But, there are many challenges before the new CJI. Most of the problems are the ones which have accumulated over the years. If a huge pendency of around three crore cases stunts the justice delivery system's efficiency, there are large number of vacancies in the HCs allowing that pendency to grow steadily. The Allahabad HC needs urgent attention as it is functioning with only 50% of the sanctioned judge strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16607416", "title": "LPG supply from Mangalore to resume within a week", "text": "KOCHI: A meeting convened by district collector P I Sheik Pareeth to discuss measures to solve the shortage of LPG cylinders in the district, has decided to ensure proper supply of cylinders from Mangalore within a week.According to oil company officials who attended the meeting, the IOC bottling unit at Udayamperoor would start functioning on Sundays too to clear the backlog.The collector said the bullet tankers transporting LPG from Mangalore were kept off roads as the authorities had insisted that each tanker should have two drivers and one cleaner. MVD officials had begun insisting on this in the wake of the LPG tanker accident at Chala in Kannur.\"Now we have decided to allow tankers to operate with a driver and a cleaner each. Tankers will resume services immediately,\" the collector said.Sheik Pareeth said since there was a severe LPG shortage in the district, some truckloads of LPG that were to be sent to other districts would be given to distributors here.KYC not mandatoryHe also said the 'Know Your Customer' (KYC) forms were not mandatory for everyone. The KYC forms should be submitted only by new consumers; people who wish to transfer connection; consumers who want a second cylinder; those who require change of address and those in the same family with more than one connection. Along with the KYC form, ID proof and address proof should also be submitted.According to the Union government's revised norms, a consumer will get only six cylinders at subsidized rates.Any additional cylinder will come at Rs 789.Until, March 31 next year, consumers will be given a maximum of three more cylinders at the subsidized rate.Non-domestic consumers will get a 14.2 kg cylinder at Rs 978.All problems in connection with the distribution system will be solved by Monday, oil company officials said.District supply officer M C Radhamani, HPCL area sales manager Muhammed Thajib Sait, BPCL area sales manager Sonu S Babu, BPCL LPG sales manager Tharyan Peter and Indian Oil Corporation senior area manager Jnanasambandham also attended the meeting held at the collector's chamber.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16608840", "title": "Another patient tests positive for swine flu in Punjab", "text": "LUDHIANA: With one more patient testing positive for swine flu on Saturday, the total number of cases this year in Punjab has reached 10. Of these, six cases have been reported from various hospitals of Ludhiana.Dr Deepak Bhatia, state nodal officer, said, \"Three samples were for swine flu screening on Friday. While the sample of a patient from Karnal admitted to SPS Apollo Hospital in Ludhiana has tested positive, those of two patients, one recuperating at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) and one at Pathankot, tested negative. Meanwhile, the family members and those came in close contact of swine flu patient have already been given Tamiflu, he added.Dr Gurpreet Singh, senior consultant and joint coordinator of pulmonary and critical care medicine at SPS Apollo, who is attending to the swine flu patient, said \"The patient was admitted to our hospital on Sunday evening with severe breathlessness so I suspected it to be a case of swine flu. The patient is still on ventilator, but is a stable and responding to the treatment\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16615696", "title": "National meet on refrigeration and air conditioning", "text": "PUNE: A two-day national level meet on heat refrigeration and air conditioning engineers and cold chain'' will be held in Pune on October 5 and 6. The meet has been organised by the Indian Society of heating, refrigeration and air conditioning engineers (ISHRAE), Pune chapter. The theme for the meet is beyond sustainibility''. Consultants, designers, and manufacturers of the systems from India and abroad will be participating in the meet.The organisers said air-conditioning, refrigeration and cold chain are integral parts of human life. Air-conditioning creates not only the comfort for humans but meets several important process needs of the industry and commerce. Refrigeration and cold chain are technologies for preservation of food, medicines, vaccines and several other industrial processes. Cold chain is particularly important for India, where about 30 % of perishable produce including fruits and vegetables is wasted due to lack of proper handling, processing and storage facilities'', says a statement issued by ISHRAE.ISHRAE has been working in pursuit of creating sustainable technologies (Green technologies) to make the world a better living place. ISHRAE is an affiliate of the American society (ASHRAE) which operates at international level. The keynote address will be given by Poorva Keskar, co-chairman IGBC. Former managing director of National Horticulture Board Bijay Kumar will give the keynote address on the second day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16611134", "title": "Coalgate: CVC gets fresh complaints", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fresh complaints of alleged irregularities in coal block allocations have been submitted by whistle blowers and public to the CVC, which has shared some of these plaints with the CBI.Sources in the anti-corruption watchdog said the complaints received in the past few days claimed criminal conspiracy among certain government officials and private firms, who were allocated coal blocks, including their executives.Besides, sources said, certain unverified government documents have been sent with a few complaints citing irregularities in the whole process of coal block allocation.\"Some complaints have been received by the Commission which are being looked into. A few of them have been shared with the CBI also,\" a senior CVC official said on condition of anonymity.When pressed further, the official said, \"The CBI will verify the claims during due course of investigation\".In the coal probe, CBI has so far filed seven FIRs against private companies and unknown public officials for alleged misrepresentation of facts and three preliminary inquiries.The CVC had in May referred the case of alleged irregularities in the utilisation of coal blocks allocated to private companies between 2006 and 2009 to CBI for further probe.The case was recommended after receiving complaints from BJP leaders Prakash Javadekar and Hansraj Ahir, who alleged that first-come-first-serve basis was adopted by the government to benefit some private companies.The third preliminary inquiry registered by the CBI on September 28 in the alleged coal scam is against unknown people for allocation of coal blocks to joint venture companies which included a private player.The CBI is also looking into alleged irregularities in the allocation of coal mines post-1993 during the NDA regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16607250", "title": "50% poll promises fulfilled: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Setting a precedent, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday, appeared in a live TV show for public scrutiny of his government which recently completed six months of rule. Responding to phone calls and questions of audience in the show 'Bole UP', hosted and aired by Lucknow Doordarshan, Akhilesh rated his government \"successful\", fulfilling 50 per cent of Samajwadi Party's poll promises.\"We are fulfilling promises we made to the electorate in the assembly elections,\" said Akhilesh, as he faced a volley of questions pertaining to law and order, agriculture, industry and power.To a question from the audience on increasing incidents of crime against women, Akhilesh said it was a matter of \"serious concern\" which need to be addressed as soon as possible. The chief minister admitted the problem has attained serious dimensions in the recent time and that the state government would soon be coming up with mechanisms that would address the problem.On the issue of foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail sector, Akhilesh said the state government was ready for FDI, but in sectors like road and power. \"Not on retail sector,\" he clarified, saying the policy would make a dent on the interests of small-time farmers and retailers.At the same time, the CM admitted that farmers were being harassed by the existing system at mandis. For this, he said the state government would be setting up 'Apna Bazaar' in which farmers will be able to sell their produce directly. In the first phase, the state government will be setting up Apna bazaar in Lucknow, Jhansi and Saifai. Akhilesh blamed the centre for the rising prices of fertilizers and seeds. \"Reduction in subsidies has led to the crisis,\" he said.Chaundali-based Pradeeep Srivastava raised a question on the delay on loan waiver to farmers to which Akhilesh said the state government was committed to its promise. \"We have sanctioned Rs 500 crore in the state budget,\" he said. Akhilesh said that the state government will also provide farmers water for irrigation free of cost.When asked about the incidents of food grains rotting in the state, Akhilesh claimed it was essentially stock brought from other states by Food Corporation of India (FCI) and stationed in UP. He said, at the same time, the state government will be constructing new warehouses for storing food grains and preventing them from rotting.On the industrial front, Akhilesh said the state government was committed to provide better environment for industrial houses in the state. He said the industrial policy of the state government will surely do its bit. He, however, admitted that shortage of power has been one of the constraints. Blaming the former state government for not setting up any power plant in the state, Akhilesh said the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) inherited a debt of Rs 20,000 crore to the banks.Tribhuwan Gupta from Lucknow asked the chief minister what his government was doing about the lawyers' long pending demand of increasing their provident fund. Akhilesh replied the lawyer community had benefitted the most during the tenure of Samajwadi Party . \"That will continue. We will do whatever possible for the better of advocates,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16608931", "title": "Derogatory remark against chief minister spurs din in corporation council", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The corporation council that met here on Saturday turned chaotic after Palayam Rajan, chairman of welfare standing committee, allegedly used a derogatory metaphor while referring to chief minister Oommen Chandy .Although Rajan withdrew his remark instantly and sought apology, an unrelenting opposition left their seats and walked to the centre of the hall.Not heeding to mayor K Chandrika's pleas to remain peaceful, both ruling council and opposition hurled abuses at each other. In the meantime, glasses and tea-saucers were also flung around and some of the members vented their fury on microphones and office furniture.Sensing the situation going out of control, the mayor adjourned the session. However, the verbal exchanges continued, despite the mayor's announcement. The tension had began in the council meet over a resolution presented by V S Padmakumar, chairman of work standing committee.The resolution was regarding cases registered against mayor, deputy mayor and a few members of the ruling council under section 143,147,149 and 283 for taking out a march to chief minister's official residence in January this year.In the resolution Padmakumar pointed out that the march was taken out against the government's inaction in solving the garbage crisis and hence the cases should be withdrawn considering the just nature of the march.Opposition leader Johnson Joseph mocked the resolution saying that the city mayor did not even know where the chief minister resided at that time and that was why they had walked up to cliff house while the chief minister was staying at Jagathy.This remark provoked Palayam Rajan who asked how the mayor would know where the chief minister was hiding. While saying this, he used a colloquial usage to represent the act of the CM, which resulted in the pandemonium.The opposition members said that they will come up with intense protests against the ruling council for the remark.\"You can't deride a chief minister like that. Palayam Rajan should tender a public apology for the same. We will launch massive protests till the ruling council budges,\" said Maheswaran Nair, UDF councillor.Meanwhile, mayor Chandrika said she will direct the corporation secretary to file a complaint with the city police commissioner detailing the events.\"The complaint will be filed against all those opposition councillors who vandalized the properties of the corporation,\" said Chandrika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608126", "title": "College Street to get Rs 4.5cr facelift", "text": "KOLKATA: Leafing through your favourite books at 'boi para' might soon be a different experience altogether. For, the state has grand beautification plans for the 1 km stretch of College Street between Calcutta Medical College and Hospital and College Square.The state tourism department has already sanctioned Rs 4.5 crore for the project, which it will take up along with Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC). The pavements on College Square will be redesigned and stagnant water will be a thing of the past. Raj-era structures and the old post-colonial buildings will be revamped.\"A beautification project has been conceived for College Street after decades. The BBD Bag beautification hit a hurdle because a lot of stakeholders are involved. College Street's case is different and should run smoothly,\" said a senior tourism department official.As part of the plan, the pavements will be widened and encroachments, if any, will be removed as the pathway will be re-laid. More decorative streetlights will be installed.\"Some of the heritage buildings will get a fresh coat of paint and be revamped, keeping their heritage structure intact. The main buildings of Calcutta Medical College and Hospital, Hindu School, statue of David Hare , Calcutta University, Presidency University and Hare School will be painted and properly lit. Kiosks will be set up. The bookstores will be refurbished and rearranged to do away with the messy look,\" said tourism secretary Vikram Sen.College Square, too, will don a new look. \"Seating arrangements will be made on the pathway around the waterbody where fresh water will be flowed in. More lights will be installed while heritage tiles will adorn the pathway,\" added Sen.The project will cost around Rs 4.5 crore which has received chief minister Mamata Banerjee's nod. \"We shall distribute the money among the KMC, the medical college and Calcutta University. The largest share will be given to KMC, while the other two institutions have decided to install their own lighting with the money,\" said Sen.In the first phase, renovation and beautification will be done till College Square. In the second phase, the project may be extended till Bethune Collegiate School and Sanskrit College.The College Street beautification project has been taken up to highlight the cultural breeding ground of Bengal. \"Every resident of Kolkata can relate to structures in and around College Street. There is a high tourist flow to the area. Foreigners visit the bookstores and other heritage buildings. Thus, there is no other place better than College Street and its adjoining areas to begin our beautification project,\" said Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16608085", "title": "Daler-pop, robotics to rock IIIT-A fest-2012", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Pioneer of Indi-pop Daler Mehndi will be the star attraction at 'Effervescence-2012', a five-day annual cultural-technical-management festival of the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad (IIIT-A). The prolific singer, musician, songwriter, composer, performer, and entertainer par excellence will perform on October 4 evening at the Sports Ground of IIIT-A, Jhalwa from 8 pm.Mehndi, who inherited a legacy of classical music from his family, has been a pop sensation since the mid-'90s with his debut 'Bolo Ta Ra Ra'. The spectacular double platinum album created a new genre that came to be labeled as Indipop. Mehndi's high voltage performance is a unique confluence of dhol, tabla and western instruments.Chairperson of the cultural fiesta Dr Anurika Vaish said Effervescence has witnessed informative and creative workshops every year since its inception. This year the institute is organising three technical workshops including on ethical hacking, cloud computing and robotics.The ethical hacking workshop will focus on familiarizing its participants with various fascinating concepts such as keylogger and what the term \"ethical hacker\" means.The cloud computing workshop will introduce the concept and its impact on the IT industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16607237", "title": "Teachers protest against govt apathy", "text": "LUCKNOW: Raising a voice against the \"apathetic state government\" and the education mafia, teachers paralysed academic work in secondary schools across the state for fulfillment of their demands. Around 60,000 teachers from at least 4,000 government-aided schools across the state participated in the daylong strike called by the Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh (UPMSS) alleging indifference of the state government towards welfare of the teachers. More than 4 lakh students were affected by the strike.Teachers threatened to court arrest on October 10 at the education directorate if their demands were not met. Continuing with their protest, teachers will launch a mass awareness programme from October 3 to 16, followed by a rally on November 21.Teachers in the state capital staged protest outside Vidhan Sabha at noon and submitted a memorandum to assistant city magistrate Vinod Kumar to be given to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. UPMSS state secretary RP Mishra said secondary education teachers look up to the chief minister who is also the secondary education minister to fulfilling their demands. \"Teachers have not seen anything concrete happening when it comes to saving the interests of teachers and students. Education-mafia in connivance with the state education officials are ruling the schools and cheating students,'' said Mishra.The basic demands of the teachers include regularisation along with benefits to CT grade teachers who have been promoted to LT grade, implementation of pension policy in any form for teachers appointed after April 1, 2005 and provision for accidental claim. Teachers are also demanding LT grade for those without a post graduate degree and have urged the state government to declare ad hoc teachers in unaided schools as full-time teachers with service rules and pay scales. The demands also include payment of pending salaries to computer operators, and payment of arrears of teachers which have run into crores of rupees.Other demands include arrest of those responsible for life-threatening attack on UPMSS office-bearers in Kanpur Dehat. Mishra alleged the attack was in collusion with the district inspector of schools (DIOS) and education officials. Besides, teachers demanded immediate action against unrecognised schools running in the state. \"Even after the FIR was lodged, some recognised schools registered students from unrecognised ones for board examinations and no concrete action has been taken against them. We have been giving reminders for the past six months,'' said a UPMSS official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "from cutting-edge swimwear to chic formals", "code": "16608788", "title": "Shikha Tandon strives to keep sport drug-free", "text": "From cutting-edge swimwear to chic formals: Shikha Tandon's intriguing journey from India's competitive waterbeds to the niche 5555 Tech Center Drive, Colorado Springs address, where she works for the much-feared US Anti-Doping Agency , has reached a temporary completion. The newest research scientist in USADA, who in the past has balanced athletic achievement and academic brilliance, is going to work again, this time stirred into action by her passion for wanting to keep sports clean. Benetton's 'B Clean' may not be the 27-year-old's fragrance of choice, but it may as well have been her voice.Shikha, easy grace and old-world charm, tells TOI Crest from her US base, that the other side of the fence (being part of a drug-testing agency) was about every day challenges that needed to be faced. The articulate swim star said: \"It's not about inconveniencing anybody, least of all the athlete, even though sometimes the timing maybe rough. It's as much about protecting the health of the sportspersons as the well being of sport. I think what worked for me was the fact that besides being an athlete myself, I have a science background because of which I've always understood the necessity of these procedures. The bigger picture came to me rather easily. What needs to be done, needs to be done.\"Shikha, light-eyed and skin the colour of mocha, completed her Masters in biotechnology from Jain College , Bangalore in August 2009 before flying out to the US to do a second masters degree in Biology and Biotechnology from Case Western Reserve University, Ohio. Shortly after completing her course earlier in the summer, she applied to USADA. In August she started work as the science programme lead. The Bangalore pro said her job involved reviewing and analyzing data and test results, besides research. Shikha, the first Indian to have made the cut at USADA, said a fair number of her co-workers were collegiate-level athletes themselves. Shikha, whose love for life is matched only by her unwavering focus, lives about three miles from her office. Her work day begins at 8 am and finishes by 5 pm.The star swimmer, who dominated a sport with a chequered image at least as far doping goes, cleared drug tests like she did her academic papers without a hiccup. She says: \"I always wanted to work with the USADA. As an athlete you get tested so often, I thought it would be nice to be at the other end of these procedures. I've long been interested in the functioning of the human body, how it works, when it breaks down and how it regroups. THat's probably why I studied biology. So even before I joined USADA I could relate to the process from both ends \u2014 the tested and the tester.\"Shikha, India's speed merchant in the pool, whose pet event was the 50m freestyle, is a relative rarity in sport today in that she actively pursued a challenging academic degree even as she trained and competed in different corners of the globe.In the '70s and '80s when sport the world over, more so in India, was at best a part-time job, many an aspiring athlete kept with his education, even pursuing professional degrees, using it as an option that could take them through their post-playing days. Brazilian football great Socrates was a doctor of medicine, who completed his degree while playing professional football. Indian off-spin legend EAS Prasanna is an engineer, an alumnus of the National Institute of Engineering, Mysore. Hockey Olympian Dr Vece Paes was a qualified medical doctor. Retired Canadian ice-hockey player Dr. Randy Gregg was a physician, who still practices in Edmonton. The scenario is a trifle different today. Not only has the pay packet exploded , but sport as a career isn't something the urban Indian looks at as an option for his child, because of which the playing fields have shifted to rural areas, where aspiring athletes look at sport as an opportunity , a ticket out of back-breaking poverty.Typically Shikha refused to consider the darker side of a system that is obviously playing catch-up with the cheats, leaving a dark and disturbing trail with agents coming up with few answers and enjoying fewer friendships. She, however, doesn't look at the hurdles; she's focused on the hurrah. The sweet-smiling , soft-voiced pro said there were new challenges everyday and one simply needed to get on with it. Interestingly , drug-testing isn't about getting a job done, because often it doesn't get done. Take the case of the embattled cycling legend Lance Armstrong who has long been locked in a bitter feud with USADA, but recently threw in the towel, saying enough was enough. Armstrong received huge support the world over, most notably from upcoming cyclists . Shikha politely turned down the offer to comment on the American cancer-survivor , saying she was bound by a 'confidentiality' clause. The road for an anti-doping personal is an uphill one, but the spirited young gun won't be cowed down.Down-the-line the international medallist plans to use her expertise in drug-testing back home in India. She explained that the system was still at a nascent stage, adding that athletes first needed to be educated in a systematic fashion on the pitfalls of doping. \"I want to help set-up a professional system at some point,\" she said, \"I like to believe that Indian sport is all clean because sport is all about level playing fields, that's where we all hope to compete, but as an athlete you read and hear otherwise. However, I do believe that there are many who abide by the rules and play clean. Unfortunately, there are some who resort to unethical means in order to enhance their performance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16607470", "title": "Is the police advice not to leave valuables in closed homes a practical one?", "text": "Police are well within their rights to advise members of the public to safeguard their valuables as a preventive measure. Especially since the state cannot provide security to all its subjects. They should avail of the facilities of bank lockers, ATMs, debit and credit cards. A slight negligence on their part will cost them their hard earned money and ornaments. Sometimes even their lives. Prevention is better than cure.Vishnudas Vernekar Retired SP, MargaoPeople should help the police by cooperating to prevent thefts, especially those that occur during the day. As far as cash is concerned one can keep a minimum amount at home since all banks provide facilities such as ATM's and net banking which can be used for any transaction or transfers. They are reliable and convenient. Also, jewellery must be kept safe in the bank and only those required for daily use can be kept at home.Shashwada Varik Student, MargaoIndia is a welfare state and it is the duty of the state and police to protect citizens' life and property. It is wrong to say that people should not keep valuables in their houses as it is the duty of the police to conduct patrolling to prevent thefts. If a theft has taken place, then it is for the police to investigate and recover the stolen property. Not all persons can afford to keep valuables in banks lockers.Celesta Saldanha e Ghatwal Lawyer, St EstevamThere are limitations to police functioning as they are understaffed, underequipped and overworked. So the citizens must also take care of their property. Besides this there are facilities available in banks to keep valuables in lockers. All the same, police functioning must improve to ensure prevention of crime, proper detection of crime and punishment of the criminal. This will discourage criminals from committing crime. Record of police functioning over the years has not been very good as their patrolling, vigilance and investigations are not up to the mark. Besides this, in other states there is only one SP for a district which is bigger then the state of Goa.Premanand Mahambrey Retd headmaster, ChoraoTo follow the debate online log on to www.timesofindia.com at Speak Out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16608852", "title": "Appointment of 42 teachers under lens", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Union ministry of human resource development has raised questions on the appointment of 42 teachers at Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University. These appointments were done by the university's acting vice-chancellor Prof B Hanumaiah but were not ratified by the board of management, the apex body to appoint teachers. The university has also placed the matter of their confirmation in its 43board of management meeting. These teachers had come from various institutions retaining their lien at such institutions.Now, when their holidays are over, these teachers are left in lurch as to whether they should go back to their parent institution or continue teaching at BBAU. But MHRD in this context has taken a clear stand saying that continuance of these teachers will be at their own risk. MHRD has also pointed out that since the appointment of these 42 teachers was not approved by BoM, the issue of completion of probation and confirmation does not arise. The university authorities have cited completion of the probation period of these teachers for getting confirmation. The appointment of these 42 teachers was done last year. But the board of management members and teacher's association has alleged that the V-C has amended the statutes/ordinances related to eligibility and appointment of teachers by exercising emergency powers thus violating the rules and regulations. The matter was taken to the high court. In the meantime, the university had issued appointment letters to these teachers who had started taking classes.When contacted, university's public relation officer Gokharan Prasad said, \"We have sought directions from MHRD in matter concerning appointment of teachers. The ministry has sent its reply, which will be told to these 42 teachers.\" He added that the university has also constituted a committee to help them decide further course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16607227", "title": "Government transfers 2 IAS, 3 IPS officers", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an administrative reshuffle, the Uttar Pradesh government on Saturday transferred two senior IAS officers, three IPS officers, 17 PCS officers and 51 deputy collectors.Agriculture Production Commissioner Alok Ranjan has also been made the officiating chief secretary in the absence of chief secretary Jawed Usmani who is on a 10-day leave on medical grounds, Suhas L Y, who was awaiting posting, has been made the new district magistrate of Jaunpur in place of Balkar Singh, who has been transferred to Chitrakoot in the same capacity.The state government also transferred three IPS officers, including two district police chiefs. Superintendent of Police (SP) Kushinagar Vijay Kumar Garg has swapped places with SP Ghazipur DK Chaudhary. Additional SP Varanasi Muniraj has been posted as ADC to Uttar Pradesh Governor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16606991", "title": "Woman kills self in Saket court lockup", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman undertrial allegedly committed suicide by hanging inside a Saket court lockup cell on Saturday.The woman, identified as Meera Devi (36), was the wife of an assistant sub-inspector in Delhi police and was reportedly upset over being \"illegally dragged'' and later \"framed'' into a dowry case. The case had been registered at Sangam Vihar police station four years ago.Sources claim that Devi was taken from Tihar jail to Saket court for the hearing and she decided to end her life. Cops refused to clarify if any suicide note has been recovered. The postmortem has been carried out at AIIMS.The incident yet again raises questions on the security of prisoners inside high security cells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16608936", "title": "Man gagged to death", "text": "COIMBATORE: A retired staff of a Chinthamani co-operative store in the city was found dead under suspicious circumstances at his residence in Ramakrishnapuram in the city on Friday night. Police said, he was gagged with a cloth and might have been murdered.Police said, R Nagarajan, 64 of Ramakrishnapuram, was living along with his daughter S Abirami, 25 and son-in-law N Sivasakthivel, 34, a realtor. On Friday around 3 am, the couple had left for Guruvayur by car and Nagarajan was alone at home. Around 9 pm, the couple returned home and found Nagrajan lying dead in the kitchen. He was gagged with a cloth.Ramanathapuram police rushed to the spot and sent the body to Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem. According to police, there was no other evidence of forceful entry into the house except for that Nagarajan was gagged.The body was handed over to the relatives on Saturday afternoon. Police claimed that the cause of death will be known after the autopsy result. \"We are conducting inquiry with the neighbours and others. The deceased was engaged in real estate business after his retirement,\" said police officials.Ramanathapuram police have registered a case under section 174 CrPC (suspicious death) and further investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608118", "title": "Mamata accuses Centre of \"looting\" aam admi", "text": "KOLKATA: The chief minister on Saturday slammed the UPA government yet again for cheating the common man in the garb of reforms. \"In the name of reforms and 'aam admi', loot cholchhe, loot...\" read the post on Mamata Banerjee's Facebook page. Thus Mamata Banerjee once again criticized the Centre on her facebook on Saturday. The Bengal CM said that in the name of reforms there was loot going on in the country and thus she again trained her guns at the UPA government at Centre, days before Trinamool Congress demonstration at Delhi on the FDI in retail issue.Mamata, who left for Delhi on Saturday, to participate in the Delhi rally. Shewill be present at the Jantar Mantar protest rally against FDI in multi-brand retail on Monday. and so before that this criticism is indeed meant to be a sting for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.All Trinamool MPs are also likely to be present at the rally.In her tirade against the Centre, Mamata said, face book wall she mentionedthat reforms are meant for the welfare of the nation and to bring in development, but in reality the \"aam admi\" is being plundered. She wrote:\"Reforms are meant to usher development for the people. Now-a-days, the trend is whenever any anti-people decision is taken; it is taken in the name of reforms.\"The word \"reform\" for some is to fool the people, Mamata wrote on FB soon after the PM, earlier on Friday, said in Delhi: \"We will do what is good for the country... reforms are not one-off process!\"The comments that come before the protest rally are indeed meant to be a sting for Manmohan Singh. said that the word reform is a coinage for some for looting people and the word is being crafted to fool people. She commented soon after the PM commented that the Centre is likely to carry on with further reformatory steps. Singh earlier in the day had stated in Delhi, \"We will do what is good for the country... reforms are not one-off process.\"Mamata on Thursday had criticized on facebook about the service tax that was going to be imposed on railway services. She said \"Thus fare will be increased from 1st of October 2012,\" Mamata wrote. She said this will further affect the people after the diesel price hike.Mamata during a recent TV interview had criticized the PM for his goody goody image and keeping things on pending. She had repeatedly stated to the media that neither she nor Trinamool Congress was kept in the loop about the diesel price hike or price rise of fertilizers. She had also demanded a roll back, which was not responded by Congress and as a fall out six Trinamool Congress ministers had to submit their resignations on September 21 protesting against FDI in retail.Mamata had even stated that the former Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee had assured the Parliament that no decision on FDI in retail would be taken without a consensus. \"But UPA did not respect the promise of Pranabda.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16609126", "title": "Anna gives up fasts, but to continue fight for causes", "text": "PUNE: Anna Hazare has said that he will not resort to fasting any more to press for his demands, and will fight for his causes through agitations.\"Now onwards I will not undertake fast. In future I will fight for my causes through agitations,\" Hazare said on Friday night at a Ganesh mandal ceremony in Pimpri-Chinchwad industrial township near Pune.The anti-corruption crusader also said he would continue to work to send \"clean\" people to Parliament.He said a large number of retired IAS officers had shown their willingness to join his movement for a corruption-free India.Expressing full faith in the country's youth, Hazare asked them not to be pessimistic about the future of the country.Hazare had gone for fast three times last year (twice in Delhi and once in Mumbai) to press for a strong Lokpal Bill.The Gandhian had also gone on a protest fast at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi in July this year.Earlier, he had undertaken hunger strikes on several occasions in Maharashtra on issues related to corruption and transparency in governance.Hazare says he is deeply influenced by Mahatma Gandhi , for whom fasting was a spiritual weapon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16608067", "title": "First-hand account of surviving AIDS", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The 'Zindagi Zindabad', slogan for the country's consistent fight against AIDS finds an echo in the inspirational saga of a person who despite testing positive for the virus faced the vicissitudes of life with courage and determination. He has now become a symbol of hope for thousands of person infected with the disease. He was present at the Allahabad railway junction when Red Ribbon Express arrived to create awareness among people about various aspects of the disease.He has devoted his life to creating awareness among people and is motivating HIV-infected people to live like normal persons.Sporting black goggles and clad in jeans, he appeared confident and told courageously about his work. Presently, he is joint secretary of Allahabad Network For People Living with HIV/AIDS Society working among the people infected with the AIDS. He meets such AIDS-affected people regularly and inspires them to lead a happy and harmonious life. He knows the discrimination and trauma an infected person has to face in society and believes a happy and positive frame of mind can help face the disease bravely.Giving information about the trauma his family had to face, he said he was only 23 years of age when HIV virus was detected in his blood. The moment he was diagnosed with AIDS, the private nursing home forced his family members to take the young boy from the hospital.People from a cross-section of the society thronged in large numbers at Allahabad railway junction to see the Red Ribbon Express. People from rural areas also thronged in large numbers to see the train and get acquainted with facts about the dreaded disease. Volunteers in the train answered various queries of the people.DTO Dr OP Shahi informed Ribbon Express received about 50,000 visitors in Allahabad on Friday and Saturday. About 60 persons donated blood during the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606761", "title": "Now, Kiran govt scraps economic city project", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a politically significant development taken in the backdrop of the CBI probes into various decisions of the YSR regime, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Saturday instructed Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) to terminate the controversial and much maligned joint venture that the state entered into with RAK Investment Authority (RAKIA), the investment arm of the Government of Ras Al Khaimah, to develop the Hyderabad Economic City (HEC) near Sultanpur in Medak district. The government of Ras Al Khaimah is part of the United Arab Emirates (UAE).The HEC was criticized as nothing but a real estate venture. Sultanpur is situated at a distance of 18 km from important hubs such as Hi-Tec City, Microsoft campus, the financial district etc. As it happened in many projects conceived by the YSR regime, the land in this instance too was given at a throwaway price and justified on the ground that the project would generate a large number of jobs.According to sources, Koneru Rajendra Prasad, who was nicknamed 'Dubai Prasad' during the YSR regime, and IAS officer B P Acharya, then chairman and MD of APIIC, played key roles in inking the joint venture agreement between the state and RAKIA. Acharya is accused number one in the Emaar case being probed by the CBI and is currently in Chanchalguda Jail, while Rajendra Prasad is accused number 6 in the same case and currently out on bail.Once the project was okayed, the MoU was signed and 471 acres of land in Sultanpur allotted in a matter of just four months at the rate of Rs 16 lakh per acre. The MoU was signed in September 2008 by Wahid Attalla, member of the board, RAKEEN, the real estate development arm of RAKIA, and APIIC chairman-managing director B P Acharya, in the presence of then chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy.The process of allotment was so fast that within days of Rajendra Prasad approaching the government in December 2008, the then Ranga Reddy collector submitted the report on the availability of land on December 14, 2008. Special chief secretary and CCLA placed the proposal before the empowered committee on December 18, 2008. On January 20, 2009, then revenue principal secretary M Samuel issued GO MS No 57 alienating 471 acres of land to the APIIC. The total extent of the Hyderabad Economic City was to be about 2000 acres of which 471 acres was allotted in the first phase. It was touted at that time that RAKIA would develop the Rs 20,000 crore project in association with APIIC in the first phase. In the proposed second phase, the government has to provide another 1,529 acres. However, since the project has not taken off despite three and half years elapsing, the chief minister on Saturday directed APIIC to cancel it. According to sources in the CMO, APIIC will complete the process of cancelling the project immediately. This is the third project that was conceived by the YSR government that Kiran Kumar Reddy has cancelled, Brahmani Steels and Bayyaram mines being the other two.According to sources, the Hyderabad Economic City was to have been developed as an integrated financial hub with infrastructure facilities for banking, insurance and asset management companies apart from having an integrated health city that will include facilities for clinical and non-clinical services, hospitals, medical colleges, research services for clinical trials, drug delivery system, stem cell research and genetic research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "sao paulo", "code": "16609926", "title": "Anand draws with Carlsen; Caruana continues to leads", "text": "SAO PAULO: World Champion Viswanathan Anand's hunt for the elusive victory continued as he played out fifth draw on the trot, signing peace with Magnus Carlsen of Norway in the fifth round of 5th Final Masters, here.Yet another draw, coming with white pieces, did not serve Anand's cause in any way as the lead positions remained unchanged after the end of the Sao Paulo leg of the super tournament.Armenian Levon Aronian was on the brink of the victory but missed it by a whisker against Fabiano Caruana of Italy who survived by the skin of his teeth.The other game between Francisco Vallejo Pons of Spain and Sergey Karjakin of Russia also ended in a draw leaving the points table similar to what it was before the start of the fifth round.The event will now shift to Bilbao in Spain after a week's break and the players are expected to work harder when the Battle Royale commences.As things stand, Caruana continued with his four points lead under the soccer-like scoring system that gives three points for a win and one for a draw. After five games, the Italian stands firmly in front with two draws and three wins and has an envious 11 points.Aronian remains a distant second on seven points and the Armenian has only himself to blame for the missed chances that would have helped bridged the gap.With Carlsen on six points and Anand on five, the tournament is only simmering up and much will be known only after the matches resume a week from now. For the records, Karjakin and Vallejo Pons share the last spot with three points apiece.For Anand, the Sao Paulo part of the Final Masters simply did not work at all. The Indian ace faced the Queen's Indian defense as white against Carlsen and again got very little out of the opening.As the game progressed, Carlsen liquidated to an endgame with mutual chances but once a few pawns got traded the complications ended in quick time. The players arrived at a minor piece endgame and exchanged at will to reach a bare king's position in 58 moves.Aronian had Caruana in a vice like grip and one could only wonder as to what went wrong with the Armenian stalwart. Playing the white side of an English opening, Aronian had everything in his favour once the complications of the middle game ended. White's forces controlled the centre, black had little counter-play and the pieces were co0rdinating well.Caruana, to his credit hung in with some precise defense, refusing to crack up and this was when Aronian failed to spot the best moves with the clock ticking away.Giving back the exchange, Aronian went for an endgame with two extra pawns but much to his dismay found that the win had become very difficult. After a couple of more inaccurate maneouvres, Caruana neutralized the advantage and the game was drawn after 74 moves.In the other game of the day, Francisco Vallejo Pons played it safe after Karjakin sacrificed a pawn out of a closed Ruy Lopez. The players reached a level rook and pawns endgame that was drawn in 55 moves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612308", "title": "Shriya Saran ignored in Bollywood?", "text": "Why is southern belle Shriya being given the royal snub in Bollywood? Or is she?She acted with the demi-god actor in Sivaji: Rajinikanth. She even managed to land a plum role in the upcoming on-screen remake of the man Booker prize-winning novel, Midnights Children, by Salman Rushdie. Yet, for all of that, her popularity with audiences in B-Town still remains low. And it has us baffled.It was recently reported that people barely recognised poor Shriya when she walked in at a stand-up comedy night at a club in Mumbai. The southern sensation came to the venue with friends and looked quite excited at first, but was seen sulking later in a dim corner as attendees walked casually by, paying no attention to her at all. And it was not as if the starlet was badly dressed either; our sources say that Shriya was looking rather pretty that evening. Now that has got to hurt!But we cannot blame the audiences either, right? Because besides Sivaji, Shriya hasn't done many popular hit films of late that Bollywood audiences could identify her from. And currently she only has one Hindi film in hand titled Zilla Ghaziabad that is in the post-production phase. So although we appreciate Shriya's social side, we do hope she attends more events and gets better known, or else hires a more efficient publicist so that people could at least know who she is. Better luck next time, Shriya!Source: Bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "16607948", "title": "Missing since last week, PIO student in US found dead", "text": "HOUSTON: The body of an Indian-American student of Northwestern University, who was missing since last week, has been found floating between two boats at a harbour in Wilmette, Illinois, university officials say.Eighteen-year-old Harsha Maddula, Northwestern pre-med sophomore and straight-A student, disappeared on last Saturday after attending an off-campus party with friends. A fisherman found Maddula's body near the Sheridan Road Bridge at the harbour in Wilmette on Thursday night, according to ABC News affiliate WLS-TV.Maddula's wallet, Northwestern identification card and his cellphone were found in his pockets, according to Northwestern University spokesman Alan Cubbage.\"Wilmette police investigators said there were no signs of foul play on the body,\" Cubbage said. The cause of death is under investigation.\"On behalf of Northwestern University, I extend our deepest sympathies to Harsha's family and to his many friends at Northwestern,\" university president Morton Schapiro said. \"Our hearts and thoughts are with them. The loss of one member of the Northwestern community deeply affects us all.\"Earlier, divers searched the Lake Michigan harbour for hours but failed to find any signs of Maddula. Maddula's family flew from their home in Long Island, NY, to assist with the search, and put up a $25,000 reward for information on his whereabouts.They described Maddula as a bookworm not prone to adventures or partying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607541", "title": "CBI files chargesheet in Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former minister Amit Shah has freedom in Gujarat - at least till October 10 - even as the CBI on Saturday filed a chargesheet in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case with the special CBI court at the Mirzapur court campus.Additional chief judicial magistrate A Y Dave scheduled further proceedings for October 10, and the court has decided to complete verification of the 4,000-page probe report till then. The court may take cognizance of the chargesheet at that stage.As soon as CBI filed its chargesheet and the court announced that it would take cognizance of the report after verification on October 4, the defence counsel registered their objections. The primary objection was that CBI has not brought all documents from the Danta court along with the chargesheet. They submitted that the court must not act on the chargesheet till applications filed by five accused, objecting to any action against them by CBI without the state government's prior permission under section 197 of CrPC, is resolved.The defence counsel sought more time, and the CBI counsel consented for October 10 for the next proceedings. However, a couple of senior lawyers for the accused continued to aggressively intervene while the court was dictating order prompting the magistrate to say, \"Don't dictate my order.\" After the process was over, one of the accused - Rajasthan police officer Abdul Rehman sought a copy of chargesheet, but the court told him that the chargesheet would be served only after October 10.On Friday evening, after denying access to a copy of the chargesheet to CBI, the Danta magisterial court finally handed over the copy to CBI sleuths late in the evening. This enabled the agency to file the chargesheet in the Ahmedabad court.Amit Shah will have to remain present before the special CBI court on October 6, which the court has fixed as the next date for production of all accused persons in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case. Immediately after his arrest, Shah evaded public appearance by appearing before court through video-conference from Sabarmati Central Jail. Later on the Supreme Court's order externing Shah from the state was the reason for his non-appearance alongside other accused cops.On Saturday, the court exempted his presence after his lawyer submitted that since Shah has returned to Gujarat after nearly two years, he is busy in visiting temples and performing rituals that he had pledged to do once his exile was over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jalandhar/chandigarh", "code": "16608668", "title": "Month later, tormentors of Shivali still free", "text": "JALANDHAR/CHANDIGARH: A month after 19-year-old Jalandhar college student Shivali killed herself after being hounded by two lensmen and a female police officer for travelling with her male friend, Punjab Police have failed to arrest even a single person. There has been little action despite a report by Jalandhar IGP clearly indicting the local police and media for her death and even suggesting that the three be arrested.The three have booked for abetment of suicide.On August 30, Shivali's body was found, sliced by a train at a Damoria railway station in Jalandhar, just minutes after she was hauled up by a state police female inspector Balwinder Kaur for travelling in a car along with her male friend Gaurav, in full view of clicking cameramen from the local media.On September 6, Punjab home secretary DS Bains had ordered the Punjab Police to register an FIR for abetment of suicide against inspector Balwinder, photojournalist Brijesh Kumar and cameraman Ravi.The order had come on the basis of a report following a high-level inquiry by Jalandhar IG (Zonal) Gurpreet Deo on the orders of Punjab deputy CM Sukhbir Badal after the circumstances that led to the girl's death raised questions about the role of the local police and media.When asked about the report, Jalandhar commissioner of police Gaurav Yadav told TOI that \"he would ask ADCP Mahal, who is the investigating officer in the case, the status of the regular inquiry\".Despite several inquiries, Mahal did not respond to TOI queries.On September 14, Punjab Press Club - based in Jalandhar -- had approached chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, and had given him a memorandum, asking him to provide relief to the lensmen who they felt \"were not at fault\".However, both Deo and National Commission for Women (NCW) member Shamina Shafiq, who had visited Jalandhar, have said that the blame for suicide is to be apportioned between lensmen and the female cop.\"Shivali had threatened suicide if her photographs were published. Even her friend Gaurav had testified this in his statement before the IG,\" NCW member Shafiq told TOI.The NCW is yet to submit its report to the government. However, its chairperson Mamta Sharma said they had expected arrests immediately after Deo's report was submitted.\"We are writing to the CM on the delay in action. How can the Punjab government allow the bereaved families of the young girl to suffer even after the report has held three people responsible for her death,\" said Sharma.Earlier, the matter was being investigated by the government railway police (GRP), following the jurisdiction of Shivali's death. There were allegations that the GRP wanted to shield some officers, dubbing the incident as \"accidental death\".The GRP had been relying on an eye-witness account of one Ram Tirath, according to whom, Shivali's foot had accidentally got stuck in the rail track plate while she was trying to cross it.Tirath, a labourer, had on September 6, revealed that he was forced to write his statement on a blank piece of paper by the GRP personnel and given Rs 20 for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16608719", "title": "Schoolgirls' death: Kin demand CBI probe, allege murder", "text": "SHIMLA: Six days after two students of Convent of Jesus and Mary at Navabahar were found dead under mysterious circumstances at Kala Dhank near school, the kin of the girls, Sakshi Thakur and Nancy Thakur, have demanded a CBI probe. They alleged slow as well as wavering process of police investigation besides indifferent attitude of the school authorities.Speaking to TOI, fathers of both the girls, Kailash Thakur and Raj Thakur said in unison, \"We want fair investigation as the girls did not commit suicide. they were tortured and harassed physically as well as emotionally by their class teacher and reprimanded by school authorities due to which they were under immense pressure.\"Kailash Thakur said, \"We are not ready to accept the theory of hit-and-run case as well accidental fall besides suicide. Our daughters have been murdered because they were aware of some secret of the class teacher for which they were rebuked and slapped. The school authorities have not helped at all. Even on the day of the incident, they did not inform us timely about the deaths and have been hiding facts. The police as well school authorities have not taken any action against the class teacher.\"He said, \"There was an injury mark on my daughter's (Sakshi) body behind her ear and it appears that someone had hit her while walking and we believe it is a case of murder.\"Meanwhile father of Nancy, Rajender Thakur, said, \"We have lost our children and we want that the callous attitude of school authorities should be investigated so that no other parents have to face this. On the first day, the school refused to admit that the girls were punished and on second day they said they were punished for five minutes and on the third day the teacher admitted that she had slapped the girls.\"He alleged that police officials were buckled under political pressure as well as high profile people as children of some of these are studying in the school. The confession of the class teacher that she has hit the girls is prima facie enough evidence to take action against her, he said.Relatives and parents of the girls had on Friday lodged an FIR against the school management and class teacher at Chotta Shimla police station. Nancy's maternal uncle, Surender Chauhan, who is also an advocate, said the FIR was not entertained and a simple report was lodged on Saturday at Dhalli police station as the place, where the incident happened falls under jurisdiction of Dhalli police station. The police officials are saying that inquest is being held, so FIR cannot be lodged and police authorities will also seek legal opinion.Chauhan added that if FIR is not lodged even after the investigation, we will move the court seeking action against school management and the teacher in particular.Box:Humanity marchThe death of two Class VI girls of Convent of Jesus and Mary, Navabahar, has sent shock waves amongst residents of Shimla, including school students. As a gesture of support, two schoolgirls Chahat Arora and Mehak Chauhan, have called to organize a peace march from the Navbahar Chowk to Sanjauli and back to Kala Dhank where the incident happened. The girls said, \"This peace march is not against any authority, nor any individual, it is just to awaken our conscience to such incidents as the girls were kept on lying unnoticed on the roadside for around half an hour and precious lives could have been saved.\" Mehak, who is friend of elder sister of Sakshi, said, \"Both of them were lively girls and were good in academics. They could not commit suicide as is being alleged.\" She added along with school and college students, citizens of Shimla, parents and siblings of the deceased girls will also join them in the march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16612250", "title": "Civic bodies making mandatory provisions to use solar water heaters in commercial establishments", "text": "KOLKATA: Representatives from the ministry of new and renewable energy and the United Nations Development Programme came at the city on last Saturday as they met officials of Kolkata, Howrah and Durgapur civic bodies and other senior government officials to discuss on the proposal to make installation of solar water heaters mandatory in all multi-storied commercial establishments, including hospitals and five-star hotels. The civic bodies have agreed in principle to make this a mandatory provision. The Arka-IGNOU community college for renewable energy is providing technical support to these civic bodies in this matter.The interactive season was held in the city on last Saturday. It was discussed that about 150 watt of electricity is being consumed during the winter season in Kolkata for making hot water through geysers or other conventional techniques. This could be reduced drastically one solar water heaters are introduced for all commercial establishments.There is mandatory provisions for installing such solar water heaters in commercial buildings in many cities in the country and that no building plan can be approved and passed by the local civic bodies unless such installation is done. However, there has been no such provision in West Bengal so far to make mandatory use of such renewable energy tools that will help to reduce consumption of electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16608572", "title": "Olympians Seema Antil, Jai Bhagwan promoted as inspector", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Boxer Jai Bhagwan and discus thrower Seema Antil were promoted to the post of inspector by the Haryana government on Friday in recognition of their achievements in the field of sports.Both the athletes participated in 2012 London Olympics. The state government took this decision in recognition of their achievements to motivate and galvanize sporting activities in the state. Their appointments were given a go ahead during the meeting of Haryana cabinet chaired by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.Seema Antil won silver in the 2006 Melbourne Commonwealth Games and bronze in the 2010 Commonwealth Games held in New Delhi. Similarly, Jai Bhagwan also won a bronze in the 2010 Commonwealth Games.The cabinet also decided to appoint Balraj Yadav as a sub-inspector under sports quota as per the policy of the state government.Yadav is more than 35 years of age as against the prescribed age limit of 18 to 27 years for the posts of inspector and sub-inspector, but the cabinet decided to relax the condition of age to give him employment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16607505", "title": "Sine die at SCB nursing school", "text": "CUTTACK: The state government on Saturday declared sine die at SCB Nursing School but the agitating students refused to vacate the hostel and claimed that they will continue with the stir.Over 300 students of the nursing school are on dharna for the past five days demanding hike in their stipend. \"We are not going to obey the orders of the state government. We will neither vacate the hostel nor will we leave the campus until our demands are fulfilled. The state government cannot suppress our demands like this,\" said Aurojit Mallick, vice-president of Student Nurses Association.At present, a nursing student gets a stipend of Rs 1000 a month. They want it to be made equal to 60% salary of a nurse. Besides, they want renovation of the 60-year-old hostel, conducting annual exams timely, hike in dress allowance, creating hostel facility for male students. The students had boycotted classes and had also gheroaed the office of the hospital superintendent on Friday. \"So far we have been protesting peacefully but as the government has not paid any heed to our demands, now students are losing their patience and we may take drastic steps and the state government will be responsible for it,\" added Mallick.The students alleged that the college authorities have not informed them about the sine die. \"We came to know about sine die from the news channels, our college authorities have not informed us anything about it. All our demands are genuine and it should be fulfilled immediately,\" said Sasmita Mohanty, an agitating student.However, after repeated attempts the principal of the nursing school, Sulochana Senapati and superintendent of SCB Medical College and Hospital could not be contacted. They had switched off their mobile phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16615020", "title": "Five loose life on Ganesha immersion day", "text": "SURAT: Five people lost their lives in different incidents during the Ganesha Immersion process in the city.Of the deceased two were crushed under the vehicles, one was drown in the river, one suffered massive heart attack in excitement and one was smashed by the train. According to the police, in an incident a 25 year old Abhishek Bobadiya of Bhatar road fell of the truck on his return journey after Ganesha immersion near Iscon mall at Piplod. His head was smashed with the divider of the road in late evening. He was rushed to the hospital but was declared dead.In another incident 28 year old Dinesh Rathod of Navagam Dindoli area was hit by a moving truck near Magdalla cross roads while crossing the road. He was rushed to New Civil Hospital but succumbed to injuries during treatment.In an incident in Utran, a 26 year old Dindayal Verma who went for Ganesha Immersion with 15 of his friends in Tapi River jumped in the river for a swim and drowned. Verma did not know swimming and was pulled away by flowing water currents.In another incident a 30 year old youth from Vesu area, Manoj Rathod was found lying unconscious on VIP road. He was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead. His family members informed that Rathod was enthusiastic about immersion and was dancing continuously. In a bizarre incident a 22 year old youth Kundan Patil was smashed by a moving train between Udhna and Bhestan rail tracks. He had left home to see Ganesh immersion. Police is investigating how he reached the rail tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16608900", "title": "Government plans to promote Buddhist sites as new tourist hotspots", "text": "VARANASI: In an effort to attract at least half of the total Buddhist population spread in 35 countries by promoting Buddhist pilgrimage sites, is the new mantra of the ministry of tourism, Government of India and the states enshrining the Buddhist pilgrimage sites.The call was given during the inauguration of the three-day International Buddhist Conclave (IBC)-2012 at a hotel compound in Nadesar area on Saturday. Due to the last-minute cancellation of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's visit, Union minister of state for tourism Subodh Kant Sahai, along with the ministers of tourism of UP, Bihar, Jammu and Kashmir, Andhra Pradesh and Odisha inaugurated the conclave. Apart from 133 delegates from 30 countries, who are mainly tour operators, opinion leaders and travel writers, delegates from 16 states are also taking part in the conclave.In his address, UN World Tourism Organisation (UNWTO) executive director Marcio Favilla said that \"while the number of international tourists last year was one billion, next year this figure can touch the mark of 1.8 billion\".\"During the G-20 summit held in June, the tourism sector was approved as an important economic activity. It's for the first time that the tourism has been included in G-20 declaration. Focus should be on sustainable tourism to generate employment. Similarly, religious tourism would play a key role in increasing the number of international tourists.\"The Union minister of state for tourism said: \"The ministry is aiming at promoting religious tourism on the line of the Muslim religious shrines in Saudi Arabia. Even if half of the Buddhist population (out of a total of 50 lakh) visits the Buddhist pilgrim centres in the country annually, the goal of the ministry would be achieved. This would also help in generating employment for three crore people.\"The minister also highlighted the measures initiated by the Central government regarding visa issues.The tourism ministers of participating states, including Jammu and Kashmir, Odisha and Andhra Pradesh, left no opportunity to promote the Buddhist sites of their states. However, the main competition between UP and Bihar to woo the delegates for attracting more and more tourists was quite evident. Bihars minister for tourism Sunil Kumar Pintu highlighted how improvement in basic infrastructure, especially roads, had help in attracting a large number of tourists to the Buddhist sites in Bihar. However, UP minister of state for tourism M C Chauhan had no concrete plans to disclose except expecting that the chief minister would do some miracle to change the fate of tourism industry in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16611368", "title": "A salute to Beatles", "text": "THE year 1962 will go down in history for American icon Marilyn Monroe's death and Nelson Mandela's prison sentence. But then a seemingly insignificant event that occurred that year went on to be a precursor for the decade's definitive sensation.In June 1962, four boys from Liverpool, England, recorded their first single Love Me Do \u2014 backed by another single P.S. I Love You \u2014 and later went on to become the greatest band in the world. Released on October 5 that year, The Beatles' seminal first recording established the group that went on to influence pop culture, fashion, spirituality and politics like no other.The Magic Of Love Me Do What sets apart this incredibly simple three-chord song (with an austere four-note harmonica riff is, in fact, its simplicity. For starters, compared to the \"clean\" hits of those days, it had a \"rough\" sound. Another reason was a slow \"skiffle\" beat \u2014 skiffle was a craze in the late 1950s (the song was written between 1958 and 1959). Skiffle is jazz, folk, or country music played using unconventional instruments, such as kazoos, washboards or jugs, sometimes in combination. Young people were attracted to the song's instrumentation, because even ordinary players could master an acoustic guitar and two or three chords.It was also not the norm for bands to write their own songs. With Paul McCartney and John Lennon sharing writing credits, Love Me Do was different. Says singer Gary Lawyer, who has been part of innumerable Beatles tribute concerts, \"I was a school goer when the song became a craze. I still remember how great I felt when I first heard it. My friends and I used to play it at every party we threw.\" The track's easy but powerful lyrics have a special significance for him. Love is a sweet and true emotion, full of innocence and that blush of a first crush. Perhaps that's why it still features in music polls on the most popular love songs of all time.The innocence of the words has its roots in their inspiration. The lyrics have a direct link with McCartney and Lennon's love for the literary works of Lewis Carroll. The phrase \"love, love me do\" is straight from the Carroll era \u2014 \"Alice, stop daydreaming, do!\" for instance. Lennon's obsession with Carroll continued throughout his Beatles songwriting career, as seen in Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds and I Am The Walrus.The British Invasion Was Black McCartney is also quoted as saying this song was their attempt to \"do the blues\", although it came out \"whiter, because it always does\". What Americans viewed as the unique 'British Invasion' sound was in actuality The Beatles' attempt to sound black.Recorded Thrice  It's an unusual single for another reason \u2014 it was recorded on three different occasions with three different drummers: June 6, and September 4 and 11 in 1962. The Beatles first recorded it on June 6, 1962 with Pete Best on drums. By September 4, Best had been replaced with Ringo Starr because producer George Martin said he did not approve of Best's drumming. One week later, on September 11, The Beatles returned to the same studio and made another recording with session drummer Andy White , since Martin was unhappy with Starr's performance!Despite all this, Love Me Do almost lost out on being their debut number. At their September 4 session, Martin decided their first single should be How Do You Do It? written by another lyricist. But the band didn't like it and did some lacklustre takes of the song on purpose. Eventually, Martin changed his mind and How Do You Do It? was released by the band Gerry and the Pacemakers in 1964.Although not as legendary, P.S. I Love You has unusual chords and a song structure compared to Love Me Do. It has a completely different arrangement, and is an early indicator of the variety of music The Beatles went on to record.From the prevalence of Indian guru Maharishi Mahesh Yogi's transcendental meditation in the West to popularising the mop-top haircut, Edwardian suits and ankle-length pointed-toe boots, the Fab Four's influence is written all over western spirituality and fashion. This 1964 file photo shows them attending a meditation session by the guru in Rishikesh. (Right, from top) Paul McCartney, John Lennon, George Harrison and Ringo Starr \u2014 the Fab Four.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607956", "title": "Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology trio aims to compete at Olympics for Robots", "text": "NAGPUR: Three third year students of Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology are aiming to compete in the Olympics at California next year. This competition, called Robo Games, is an international contest for humanoid robots from all over the world.Rohan Thakker, Sachin Bharambe and Ajinkya Kamat have been experimenting since they entered the college three years ago having already made eight robots earlier, the latest being a biped model or one with two legs. The next step is to bring together all the work done through the years to make a humanoid robot (one with physical attributes like a human). Not just this, the trio is also passing on all the knowledge it has acquired through work among juniors.\"In the first year of college, we went to IIT-Kanpur for a competition where we first saw humanoids and heard about the diverse uses they can be put to. After returning, we began working on the simplest robot - a line follower that can follow a particular track by detecting infrared censors,\" said Rohan. The first model was followed by one with a webcam mounted so that it could move in any direction desired by the user and a robotic arm controlled by Bluetooth that could be operated with the help of an Android-based smartphone, he said. Since a Bluetooth device has a limited range of distance over which it can be controlled, the boys decided to make a model based on dual tone multiple frequency (DTMF) so that it could be controlled from any distance.Over the two-and-a-half-month long summer vacations, the boys split up the work, studying one aspect in detail. While Sachin spent his time working on a project on face recognition with PhD students of the college and Rohan worked on another project approved by Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) of a snake robot that could be used for surveillance. Ajinkya studied the censors that helped motion and communication.\"In many western countries, robots are replacing humans in various jobs. These human-like devices can be put to many uses if developed properly,\" said Sachin. Ajinkya believes that the hours of study put in to develop all these robots will benefit the three of them in future, too.Funds are a restriction to develop the humanoid the way the boys want, but they are trying their level best to tide over the difficulty. Teachers Kishor Bhurchandi, P M Padole and Sheetal Chaddarwar are also helping the boys with technical guidance. All the activities, struggles and successes of the trio are recorded in the blog inobotics.blogspot.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "taipei", "code": "16613726", "title": "Bhullar blown away in the wind, ends 9th at Taiwan Masters", "text": "TAIPEI: Indian golfer Gaganjeet Bhullar was quite literally blown away by the wind as he tumbled to a 76 to finish tied ninth from overnight fifth at the Mercuries Taiwan Masters on Sunday.Bhullar, who was looking at having a shot at yet another top-five finish, ended at five-over 293.Meanwhile, overnight leader Tsai Chi-huang (76) of Chinese Taipei won the Mercuries Taiwan Masters for the second time in his career despite shooting a final round of four-over 76 on Sunday.Anirban Lahiri (76) finished tied 25th at nine-over 297 and his four rounds were 71, 75, 75 and 76 as he dropped from overnight 14th.Tsai started the day with a six-shot lead, courtesy a 65 in the third round, and preserved his advantage as he defeated closest rival Antonio Lascuna of the Philippines, who shot a 73, by four shots with a winning total of four-under 284 at the Taiwan Golf and Country Club.Rookie David Lipsky of the United States, who won his first Asian Tour title earlier this year, shot a 67, the best score of the day, to tie with Chan Yih-shin of Chinese Taipei (71) in third place at the $600,000 Asian Tour event.Tsai endured a sleepless night as he had doubts of winning the tournament. With only a three-hour night's rest, he struggled early in the round as he was four-over after 15 holes but gained some momentum when he sank a huge 30-foot birdie putt on 16.Chan, a two-time Asian Tour winner, narrowed Tsai's lead to two shots at one point but slipped back with a bogey on 16 and a double bogey on 18. He took pride in his performance this week which ended an uncharacteristic run of 10 straight missed cuts on the Asian Tour.Lipsky, who won the Asian Tour Qualifying School earlier this year, rode on his luck as he was five-under after 11 holes which included three straight birdies from the fourth hole. His only blemish came on 12 which he wrote off with another birdie on 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16614845", "title": "International tag to Mangalore airport by Oct end?", "text": "MANGALORE: Union Minister for Corporate Affairs and Power M Veerappa Moily on Sunday indicated that the international tag to Bajpe airport should happen by end of October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16607662", "title": "V for Vendetta: Now, Congress says BJP using cops for 'revenge'", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress in Goa has accused chief minister Manohar Parrikar of using the police for revengeful politics, which has resulted in the total collapse of law and order in the state.Briefing the media on Saturday, Curtorim Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco said that the BJP government under Manohar Parrikar is resorting to \"politics of vendetta\" against opposition politicians. Lourenco cited the example of how a police case was filed against a village sarpanch by the panchayat secretary at the behest of the local BJP MLA. Lourenco declined to name the Panchayat.The Curtorim MLA also said that with the police being systematically used to target opposition politicians, they are unable to prevent or detect crime in Goa. Lourenco also criticized the chief minister for allegedly questioning why people keep gold in their homes. \"It's a very irresponsible statement. Next he will ask why people are living in their homes,\" Lourenco said.He also accused Parrikar of failing to deliver on law and order because \"he has the mining lobby, the casino lobby and RSS-linked officers and in addition, the advocate general (ANS Nadkarni) who for the last seven years fought on behalf of mine owners.\"Lourenco blamed Parrikar for failing to honour the promise he made to the drivers of Bal Rath buses, whose salaries have not been paid for the last five months. The liability on the government in terms of unpaid salaries is 1.7 crore, Lourenco said, and urged the chief minister to deliver on his promise.Lourenco slammed Parrikar for harassing shack owners and for his failure to control the price of bread. He said he still did not demand the chief minister's resignation, but that the the chief minister should introspect on what he would demand if he were the leader of opposition and deliver accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16607991", "title": "Another round of pre-poll transfers", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In a pre-poll reshuffle, the Gujarat government on Saturday appointed D Thara as the new CEO, Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA). She will also hold charge of the Gandhinagar Urban Development Authority (GUDA). Thara was working as special value added tax (VAT) commissioner, Gujarat State. Mamata Verma, who was working as CEO of both AUDA and GUDA, has taken over as special VAT commissioner, whose office is situated in Ahmedabad.A senior official said, the transfer was effected \"because Verma had completed three years in AUDA and GUDA.\" Under Election Commission rule, any official who has been working on one post for three years should be transferred.\"In yet another reshuffle, Bhagyesh Jha, state culture secretary, will be taking over additional charge of the tribal department, and relief commissioner Punamchand Parmar will take over additional charge of panchayats secretary.Both tribal development and panchayats were held by R M Patel, who resigned has from IAS to fight elections on a BJP ticket. \"Patel will formally join the BJP on Sunday evening after 6.00 pm in the presence of state BJP chief RC Faldu and all-India BJP vice-president Purshottam Rupala\", a senior official said.Patel is the first additional chief secretary-level official who resigned from the IAS to join politics in Gujarat. He was to retire on December 31, but will cease to come to Sachivalaya starting with October 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608460", "title": "Be ready to go and pick your LPG cylinder", "text": "BANGALORE: You may not get LPG cylinder delivered at home from Monday. The All India LPG Distributors Federation (Karnataka Circle) on Saturday said it would be difficult to continue with home delivery from October 1 due to the new rule in the distribution of LPG cylinders.A federation member said: \"The new scheme and decision announced by the government is that we should restrict the supply of six domestic subsidized cylinders to every household in a year. This is riddled with many deficiencies and would be difficult for distributors to implement the same with perfection.\"The federation members will meet ministry officials in Delhi on Sunday. \"We will take a final decision whether to stop home delivery or not by Sunday evening or Monday morning,\" said Sathyan N, secretary, All India LPG Distributors Federation (Karnataka Circle).\"As it is, LPG trade is reeling under the pressure of dual pricing, and now, with the introduction of a 'five-price' mechanism, the so-called menace of 'diversion' will only increase, since checks and measures to control the same are virtually impossible to be implemented,\" Sathyan added.\"Distributors will now be required to maintain records for five categories of pricing, stock in their godown and it will lead to a lot of confusion and unwarranted operational issues. The distributors' commission has not been revised for the past three years. Even though the file for commission revision is pending with government, yet no decision has been taken. In the present commission, it's not possible to continue with home delivery,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610441", "title": "Bands bond over some great music", "text": "VandeMataram playing in a nightclub! Sounds incredible, right? But when Dark Pegasus performed the song in true-blue rock style, no one at The Basement, Hotel Samilton seemed to mind much. Rocking the Thursday night, the band also performed their original  Kalopokhraj and Shudhuamarartonad .\"I don't know how and why the last song happened. But when it did, we had to share it with everybody,\" said lead vocalist, Jibak . However, it was lead guitarist and flautistAyan who really caught our eye, er , ears. Bands Bravehurtss and Heart of Kolkata also floored the crowd with their music, but it was the coming together of Kendraka and Chronic Xorn for the final act that left everyone floored. \"We married our songs, letting one number effortlessly merged with another,\" said Bumpy of Kendraka . The songs 27 steps to mercy and Chronikerdekha were two such tracks they belted out, and boy did they rock!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16608880", "title": "Commercial tax department portal in new avatar from October 1", "text": "INDORE: Come October 1 and the state's commercial tax department will launch its new portal. The new avatar of the website will have scores of added features and services.The existing portal of the department - mptax.net - will stop functioning and one will have to log on to the new website mptax.mp.gov.in.Technical experts of the department are working round the clock to unveil the new site from the next month for the department which is the biggest revenue grosser of the state government. It is one among the four core projects of the state government which have been identified by the central government's information technology department. The other three departments are treasury, MP Online and forest.Tax consultant R S Goyal said, \"The new site will have enhanced security features which were missing in the existing site. However, people living in remote areas and still relying on old-generation computers will have to download the new software to be provided by the department to avail of the new facility.\"While the old site already offers online services like e-registration, e-return and downloading of forms like Form-49, C-Form and Form-60, trials area on for providing the same with new facilities for e-payment. The department is likely to kick off a new service, 'green channel' which enables the dealers to send in details of the consignment online to the department and take a receipt from the portal accordingly. They can then take their truckloads bypassing checkposts of the department. \"We may stop one or two vehicles to check the consignment through in a scientific manner anywhere on the way so as to match the information as furnished by them to the materials being carried by them\", said K Raman, additional commissioner of the department.e-Services.................Launched on...........Usage until 31 July,'12e-Registration.............19 August, '10..........31,103e-Return....................19 August, '10..........03,78,878Form-49 download.......19 August, '10.........26,13,567C-Form download.........09 January, '12........1,71,660Form 60 download........07 January, 12.........10,296", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607955", "title": "Safeguard women's hearts too!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bhavna Thakkar, 45, recent underwent double angioplasty to open up blockages in two of her main arteries supplying blood to the heart. While she was admitted for chest pain, Bhavna was also diagnosed of diabetes and blood pressure.\"Our life was smooth before the chest pain happened one midnight a month ago. When the pain did not go away despite injections, we admitted her and she was diagnosed with blockages in two arteries. Shockingly, she was also found to be a diabetic and hypertensive. We had no idea she was harbouring all these ailments as she was otherwise fine\", said Gopal Thakkar, Bhavna's husband.Doctors will celebrate World Heart Day on Saturday that is dedicated to the theme of prevention of cardio-vascular disease amongst women and children. Doctors say that heart attack is conventionally considered a man's disease but women are equally vulnerable. \"In fact, world wide, one out of every three women dies due to cardiac disease. Women in India are largely negligent about their health and tend to ignore the early symptoms of heart disease\", said Dr Hitesh Shah consultant cardiologist at Rajasthan Hospital.Doctors believed that women fell prey to heart diseases mostly after menopause when they lose the hormonal protection offered to their hearts, but the situation is changing.\"Bhavna is among the five young women we operated for blockages in the heart vessels in the past two months. Of these, Manisha Prabhu was only 37 years of age. Heart disease is catching women young and awareness needs to be created amongst them for prevention\", said Dr Sameer Dani, leading cardiologist at Apollo Hospital.Doctors said that while most common symptom of heart attack in women is some type of pain, pressure or discomfort in the chest, but it's not always severe or the most prominent symptom. \"Women are more likely than men to have heart attack symptoms unrelated to chest pain such as neck, shoulder, upper back or abdominal discomfort, shortness of breath, nausea or vomiting, sweating, lightheadedness or dizziness and unusual fatigue\", Dr Dani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612696", "title": "Chandra Mohan was a lucky mascot", "text": "Chandra Mohan entered into Telugu film industry in 1966. After playing many cameos to withstand in the industry, his character in Sukhadukhalu, as the caring brother of Vanisri, won acclaim.He subsequently proved his acting skills in films like Kotha Neeru, Siri Siri Muvva, etc. Many heroines who worked with him had their first big hit film starring with him, which propelled them to become big stars, such as Sridevi in Padaharella Vayasu (1978), and Jayaprada in Siri Siri Muvva (1978).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607140", "title": "Godman murders aide over insult, arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A self-styled godman has been arrested for killing a companion over an insult, Northwest district police said on Saturday. Kichai Nath alias Aghori Baba (60) allegedly murdered 55-year-old Puran with a fawda (hoe) on Thursday night. Puran, a plumber, had been living in a nursery ever since he lost his entire family.Police said the provocation for murder was an insult delivered in a drunken state while gambling. Puran allegedly thrashed the Baba in front of others. During interrogation, Aghori Baba confessed he killed Puran to avenge the insult. The Baba's real name is Vijay Kumar and he is a native of Karnal, Haryana. He had spent many years in the cremation grounds of Delhi and Uttaranchal.\"On September 27, the Baba and five others got drunk, after which he and Puran got into a fight. Around midnight, the Baba killed Puran in a fit if rage. The murder weapon has been recovered,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16608179", "title": "Govt push for investigative wing in police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six years after the Supreme Court directed the separation of investigation and law and order functions of the police; the Union ministry of home affairs (MHA) has decided to approach the finance ministry to provide Central funds to the states to implement what will mark a big boost to law enforcement.The splitting of the two police functions is considered to be crucial for the administration of justice. Saddled with law and order functions, the police are often unable to pay adequate attention to crime investigation. The inadequate, and often shoddy, probe helps the resourceful criminals, besides leading police to take short cuts to show results: a trend that can result in framing of innocents.But the implementation of the crucial order has been snagged by the Constitution \u2014 a mandated division of labour between Centre and states, and with an acute resource crunch facing the latter. \"Law and order\" being the responsibility of states, the responsibility of implementation can be said to rest with them. However, states are reluctant to implement because of scarcity of resources.The MHA's pitch to the finance ministry for funds to help out the cash-strapped states can help tackle the problem.The approach to the finance ministry comes when terrorism and the growing number of organized crimes have underscored the need for specialized investigating skills which are absent from the repertoire of the police personnel.The MHA, which is still fine-tuning the proposal, will convey the same to states once it obtains the financial ministry's nod. The MHA will be seeking Central funds to bear a part of the additional burden on states for implementation of this crucial police reform, at least for the first few years. 'Probe quality poor' An indication of the upcoming proposal was given by Union home secretary RK Singh while addressing a function organized by the LNJN National Institute of Criminology and Forensic Science here on Saturday. While pointing out the \"disconnects\" in criminal justice system, Singh sought immediate remedies to help the states improve the quality of investigation and prosecution.Insisting that funds were needed to incentivize the delivery of justice in states, Singh said he was hopeful that the finance ministry would be able to generate the resources.\"Where would the Centre find funds for the incentives? When I go to the finance ministry and ask for funds, I am told that police is a state subject. We need to find the money somewhere. I will be able to persuade my colleagues in the finance ministry to do that,\" he sought to assure the gathering that comprised police and judicial officers, besides forensic scientists.Earlier, Singh pointed to the deficiencies in investigation and prosecution of criminal cases in the states. He said several police stations lacked the basic resources for a scientific and professional investigation, which was impairing delivery of justice.\"The quality of investigation leaves much to be desired ... Most police stations do not have the equipment to even pick up fingerprints ... Scientific investigation is a far cry. Unless we take step to professionalize criminal investigation, we will not be able to deliver justice,\" he said.Also lamenting the prosecution system, Singh said its separation from investigation in 1973 had \"not produced very good results\".Accountability of officers in investigation and prosecution existed in the 1950s and 1960s because courts began trial immediately after the charge sheet, he said.\"If the case resulted in conviction or acquittal, it was a clear commentary on the quality of investigation. (Under the earlier system,) if there were numerous acquittals in cases investigated by an officer, then there would be censure or black mark and they would not get promoted. There was accountability,\" he added.Singh also commented on the limited capabilities of forensic laboratories across the country. He said these labs often took two to three years to report back to the investigating officer, by which time the person would have been transferred.\"There are huge vacancies in (in labortatories). Nobody takes interest in the states,\" he said.Noting that quick remedies were needed to address the deficiencies in the criminal justice system, Singh said the accused often walked free as the delays often made the people lose interest in pursuing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "model town extension", "code": "16608677", "title": "Young spread cheer at old age home", "text": "MODEL TOWN EXTENSION: Seven youngsters from business families of the city brought cheer to the residents of Swami Vivekanand Vridh Ashram at Model Town Extension be spending time with them on Saturday.The visitors also gifted \"desi ghee\" and soaps to elderly. The youngsters were Nikhil Jain from Civil Lines, Mital Dang from Model Town, Deepak Garg from Agar Nagar, Heena Grover of Mahavir Enclave, Jasleen Kaur Chhabra of Sector 39 and Lipika of Civil Lines. All of them are former students of Sri Aurobindo College and had formed the group after graduating. While some are studying, others are running their business.Puneet Arora, a businessman who is a resident of Sector 39 along Chandigarh Road, said: \"Twice a month we either visit the elderly, mentally challenged or underprivileged kids.\"Lipika, who is doing fashion designing, chipped in to say, \"We formed this group because we wanted to bring a smile to the faces of underprivileged.\" Heena, who is doing her MCom, said, \"These people have been thrown out of their homes by their own children. We wanted to lessen their pain by spending time with them.\"Deepak Garg, a BCom student, said, \"We collect money and get medicines, eatables and toiletries for the elderly at old age homes across Ludhiana.\" Nikhil Jain, a businessman, said, \"If we can spend time and money on movies, why can't we make them happy?\"Sita Devi Jain, an octogenarian who has been living in the home for five years, said, \"I was happy to have these children come over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16613749", "title": "Liam Hemsworth fed up with Miley Cyrus", "text": "Liam Hemsworth, who is fed up with Miley Cyrus's childish attitude, is said to have begged his popstar fiancee to stop venting her emotions on Twitter again after she publicly declared her love for him following an argument on the weekend.The 19-year-old Disney star wrote \"Why do I torture myself and what ps I love you. ahhhhhh. I have got to pull it together\" on Twitter.The 22-year-old actor is rumoured to have already been frustrated with the 'Hannah Montana' star, whom he got engaged to in June, after she took a public swipe at their relationship earlier this month.\"Ever feel like you want just ... something more. Not sure what exactly ... passion perhaps?\" the Daily Mail quoted her as tweeting on September 13.She later backtracked and wrote \"no there is not trouble in paradise ... just thoughts.\"\"Miley's tweet was such a huge insult to Liam. She tried to pass it off like it had nothing to do with him, but it totally affected him, no matter what she tries to say,\" a source told Star magazine.\"She was trying to get his attention, but she just ended up making him pull away from her more,\" the source said.Cyrus is known for regularly making dramatic outbursts on the site and her boyfriend has urged her delete her page as it has become a constant source of friction in their relationship.\"He think she's acting like an immature schoolgirl, and he wants her to get off Twitter completely,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16616014", "title": "Demand for publicity campaign about Pravasi Din programme", "text": "PUNE: Bus commuters groups have urged the management of the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) to make its Pravasi Din'' programme more people oriented through a sustained publicity campaign. The Pravasi Din initiative has been started by PMPML for redressal of complaints of bus commuters. The initiative is held every month.The PMP Pravasi Manch has sent a memorandum to PMPML chairman suggesting that flex boards, posters and notice boards should be put up at important bus terminals and pass issuing centres by which maximum number of people are aware of the Pravasi Din programme.Jugal Rathi and Vivek Velankar of the manch have also complimented PMPML for changing the day on which Pravasi Din programme is held every month. From now on, PMPML has decided to hold the programme on the first Saturday of every month. Earlier, PMPML had announced that the programme will be held on the first Monday of every month. The next Pravasi Din programme will be held on October 6. The programme will be held at all the ten bus depots of PMPML between 10 am and 12 noon. PMPML will give replies to the commuters and the action taken on their complaints after one month, that is, at the next Pravasi Din programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610766", "title": "The cello is a magical instrument: Nancy Kulkarni", "text": "Not often do Barodians get the opportunity to listen to a cello performance, an instrument that is not played by many in this part of the world. So, students at the Gujarat Public School (GPS) were all ears when the SPICMACAY (Society for Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Amongst Youth) organized a performance by ace cellist Nancy Kulkarni, an artist who has made India her home purely because of her love for dhrupad music.After enthralling the students and the gathering with a wonderful performance, she interacted with the crowd and it turned out to be a fun-filled chat session. Replying to a query, Nancy said, \"The cello is a magical instrument. While playing, I sometimes feel that I am floating in the sky on the waves made by the sounds ! While the kind of music that I generally play is very good for yoga and meditation, I can even play Bollywood numbers on it if I want!\"She adds, \"It's a very different instrument as compared to the violin and I wish there was more awareness about it in India. Learning this instrument was a lot of fun and my life is now dedicated to playing dhrupad on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608532", "title": "3 Bangalore kids drown in lake, one missing", "text": "BANGALORE: Three siblings drowned in a lake while a fourth child was found missing after they went out to play on Saturday. There was no one at home to attend to the children as their mother was in hospital for her delivery and their father had died a month ago. The tragedy occurred in Kothanur Lake near Konanakunte off Kanakapura Road late on Saturday afternoon.Seven-year-old Mamatha and her brother Madhu, 5, drowned and their bodies were recovered but that of the third sibling, four-year-old Prakash, could not be traced. Their mother, Lakshmi, 30, was admitted in Vani Vilas Hospital, as she had delivered a baby on Friday. She had left the children in the care of her cousin Chandrika. But Chandrika had gone to the hospital to get Lakshmi discharged when the incident occurred.The children had gone near the lake to play but slipped into the waters and drowned at around 3.30 pm, police said. A local resident Manoj who was passing by heard the children's cries for help and jumped into the lake. \"It was too late. I somehow brought them to the shore and tried to revive them, but they had died,\" Manoj told the police.Police said that later in the evening it was found that 3-year-old son of Chandrika, Ganesh, was also missing.\"We are making efforts to trace the missing children. We have sought the help of Fire and Emergency Services department and also asked some private divers to look for any body. But we have not traced any more bodies till late on Saturday morning,\" police said.Police said Lakshmi, a daily wage worker, lost her husband Shekhar a month ago and had asked her cousin sister Chandrika to stay with her as she was expecting a child. Subramanyapura police have taken up the case.PU DROPOUT CAUGHTA pre-university dropout and son of a CRPF head constable was caught for vehicle lifting and as many as 18 two-wheelers worth nearly Rs 12 lakh were seized from him by Chikkajala police recently. \"Harsha alias Chappe, 20, a resident at CRPF police quarters in Yelahanka, wanted to lead a luxurious life and was interested in speed biking so he began lifting two-wheelers from the city and on the outskirts,\" said DCP (North-East ) G Ramesh.THREE THIEVES HELDAmruthahalli police arrested two brothers D Murugesh 26 and D Suresh, 23, residents of Kanakanagara in Hebbal and their associate N Munikrishna of BK Nagar in Yeshwanthpur and recovered gold and silver articles worth Rs 31 lakh from them \"There were at least 16 warrants pending against Munikrishna. All three hail from Tamil Nadu and are settled in the city. All three used to break into the houses. With their arrest 15 burglaries have been solved \" the DCP said.Conman arrestedA40-year-old native of Pune is in the custody of Banaswadi police for fraud. He had allegedly cheated several job seekers by taking money from them, took advance from several furniture shops against fake orders and also defaulted in bank loan payments.The conman, Sunil Devaraj Rao alias Sunil, is a resident of 3rd B Cross, II Block of HRBR Layout. \"He had cheated several job aspirants by taking money from them besides collecting their personal data. There is also a pending enquiry against him for cheating several corporate offices by promising domestic appliances and consumer goods besides taking cash advances for bulk orders for mobile connections,\" said DCP (East) TG Krishna Bhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16608733", "title": "Brindavan Gardens closed for tourists", "text": "MYSORE: The simmering tension following the Supreme Court directive to Karnataka to release Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu has hit tourists too.The Brindavan Gardens, the famed terraced gardens downstream of Krishnarajasagar dam, 20kms from Mysore, has been closed for tourists till Monday.The three-day ban is likely to be extended. The Mandya district administration reviewed the law &amp; order situation in the wake of a series of agitations and banned the entry of tourists from Saturday.Mandya deputy commissioner BN Krishnaiah said police felt the KRS dam should be free of visitors. \"The SP requested me to ban the entry which we'll review on Monday,\" he told STOI.The police felt the safety of tourists could be compromised if there were agitations in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16611002", "title": "Are you part of Mumbai\u2019s green movement yet?", "text": "An increasing number of people are creating awareness about planting trees in the cityIn the fast-developing urban jungle that Mumbai is today, a handful of people with a green thumb are taking up the initiative to grow more trees and make it greener. Advertising professional Hari Chakyar, who likes nothing better than to take up a pickaxe, plant saplings and educate people towards the need for verdancy, is one such person. His mission is to plant trees in all 35 Indian states and Union territories and he's named his project like that too! He talks of the serious need to have more greenery in our cities, especially Mumbai. ...Efforts that must go a long wayIt's becoming the need of the hour says the 26-year-old. \"Of course, we need to wake up now,\" he starts. \"In a city like Mumbai, where the population hikes by thousands every year, there is a serious dearth of space. Trees are being felled rampantly to build housing facilities. In such a situation, it is crucial to maintain the green open spaces as well as foliage.\"His project to grow trees began as a whim. \"I wanted to spread the message of the need to plant trees and conserve the existing forests. To create awareness of that level across the country, I would have to do something a little crazy. Hence came the idea of planting trees in every state and Union Territory of India.\"Today, he and others plant trees in schools and colleges. \"But just planting trees isn't enough. The trees have to be entrusted to someone as well,\" he explains. Agrees Paresh Pimpale of an eco-group in Mumbai. \"One has to also ensure that the tree survives; water and physical protection for it are also crucial.\" The response to their green movement has been positive. \"I get calls and emails every day from people offering to host us in their state; it's very heartening,\" informs Chakyar.Citizens can do morePimpale adds how his nature trail sensitises students towards the environment. \"Planting trees such as mango , jackfruit and local fruit-bearing varieties can be an ongoing activity. People can join awareness groups and support the cause. I think if each society says they will just plant one single sapling and take care of it in their building compound, it will make a vast difference,\" he adds.Chakyar stresses on awareness. \"Little things like turning off electrical appliances when not required, matter. Did you know that souvenirs in coastal tourist areas such as Kanyakumari and Orissa are causing immense harm to the coral reefs there? If people stop buying these souvenirs, the lack of demand might stop the supply and destruction of these natural barriers against tsunamis. My project focuses on things like this.\"Ekta Pange, of an eco group teaches people to plant vegetable patches, in bid to steer them towards greenery. She says, \"I have planted chillies, tomatoes, and brinjals too. Coriander and methi are easy and basic. In fact, any vegetable that does not need to be pollinated in order to produce will work. The general rule while planting is, most people don't know when to water the plant. Remember, if the top inch of the soil is dry, it is probably time to water again; most times people flood the plant. A tip is, waste food \u2014 like coriander stems (without oil) \u2014 can be put into a container with some soil. They will turn out to be good manure for your plant,\" she informs.Grow your own veg patch at homeHere are tips to do so:1) You may either buy seeds from outside. But if not, buy an over-ripe brinjal, take out the seeds, sun-dry them for two days and these can then be sowed.2) Find a patch that is near a window as you need basic sunlight.3) Pest control at home can affect the plant, so re-place the plant elsewhere during this time.ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610047", "title": "Archana Kavi opposite Mahat Raghavendra", "text": "Archana Kavi, the Malayalam actress, is all set to make her T-Town debut in a film directed by Madhura Sreedhar of It's my Love Story and Sneha Geetam fame. Mahat Raghavendra and Swathi also star in this untitled love triangle. The director told us, \"Yes, we have roped in Malayalam actress Archana Kavi as one of the leads, while Swathi will be the other heroine paired opposite Mahat.\"Archana, who made her acting debut with Neelathaamara (2009), received acclaim for her performance in the film and subsequently enthralled the audience with her act in Mummy &amp; Me. The untitled film, which is likely to go on floors from October 12, will have music by Sunil Kashyap and cinematography by PG Vinda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610516", "title": "All for a tangy item song!", "text": "The music of upcoming movie 'Mun', directed by Nishikant Dalabehera, was recently launched at a city hotel where the entire cast and crew were present. Newcomer Suman, actor Nikita (female lead), were seen enjoying at the event. The album has five songs including an item number. While singers like Vinod Rathore and Manas Pritam have lent their voices for the songs while Amrita Bharati Panda of Indian Idol fame has sung the item number.\"The item number Kancha amba chatani is melodious. I'm sure the viewers will like it,\" said music director Bibhuti Bhusan. Eminent actors Samaresh and Chita Ranjan were also attended the do. \"The flick is basically based on human ego. It's a different kind of a story with all the ingredients of an entertainer,\" said Nishikant. The movie is scheduled to release on the first week of October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneshwar", "code": "16607517", "title": "Naveen Patnaik to lay foundation of hospital today", "text": "BHUBANESHWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik is scheduled to lay the foundation of Narayana Hrudayalaya Group's 1000-bed hospital in the city on Sunday. The hospital will come up near Kanugo Institute of Diabetes Specialties Hospital, around 2 km from the AIIMS.Narayana Hrudayalaya Hospitals chairman Dr Devi Prasad Shetty said the unit at Bhubaneshwar would be a world-class hospital providing tertiary level services in all aspects of health care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607110", "title": "Delhi Half Marathon: Focus on African stars who make intentions clear", "text": "NEW DELHI: When Ethipoia's Lelisa Desisa, the defending champion, puts on his running gear on Sunday for the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon, he would be aspiring to breast the ribbon in a world record time.\"I have trained for the world record. If not the world record then the course record for sure. A lot depends on the temperature and conditions on Sunday,\" Desisa said, promising Delhi a spectacular show.The ADHM will be the Ethiopian's first road race this year, but that has not dampened his confidence level. \"I was training for London Olympics and did not get a chance to run a road race. But I have prepared well for this half marathon,\" Desisa insisted. Familiar with the course, Desisa had set his personal best of 59:39 minutes in November last year but this year he will have to battle it out against a strong field of 12 'elite' male athletes, including Kenya's Ezekiel Chebii, all boasting of sub-60 timings.Chebii, who clocked 59:05 minutes at the Lille Half Marathon early this month, is in good form too. Having recovered from typhoid in time for the Delhi race, Chebii will give it all it takes on Sunday. Running alongside Chebii will be countryman Gilbert Masai, Leonard Langat and Peter Kamais. Moroccan Abdellah Fathi, Tanzanian Dickson Marwa and South African Lucky Modike are the other names to watch out for.The presence of countryman Atsedu Tsegay will only make it tough for Desisa as Tsegay too has set his sights on lowering the course record. The 21-year-old Tsegay, world's fastest half-marathoner, had clocked 58 minutes and 47 seconds at the Prague half marathon in windy conditions. The world record stands at 58 minutes and 23 seconds set by Zersenay Tadese in 2010.The pulling out of Deriba Merga - two-time past winner of the event who holds the course record of 59:15 set in 2009 - from the field could come as a breather for all.The women's category will see a battle between six strong female athletes with sub-70 timing. Two-time past winner Ethiopia's Aslefech Mergia will be among the favourites having participated five times in Delhi.Aslefech added another feather in her cap when she became the seventh fastest woman marathoner, clocking 2:19.31 in the Dubai Marathon. A hamstring injury during the London Olympics had forced the 27-year-old to miss two weeks of crucial training. She finished 42nd in London. \"I am OK now and hoping for a good competition on Sunday,\" Mergia said.Helalia Johannes of Nambia could prove to be a dark horse. Helalia, a two-time Olympian, had finished 12th in London. She knocked more than three minutes off her personal best at the Vienna Marathon this year.The Kenyan challenge will be spearheaded by Helah Kiprop and Caroline Kilel; one should also look out for Helen Kimutai and Irene Mogaka. Helah already has three sub-70 half marathon finishes this year. However, she did complain of chest congestion two weeks ago.Caroline Kilel, who missed the live Olympic action on TV due to her church commitments, is another strong contender. Caroline, too, has had her share of illness as she suffered with malaria recently and had to rest for five days. It remains to be seen if the ladies can leave behind the injuries and come up with a stellar performance on Sunday. The half-marathon carries a total purse of $210,000 along with a bonus of $25,000 for a world record and $10,000 for a course record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607292", "title": "Despite break-up, Mamata gets Rs 3,500 crore central aid", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when Congress and its erstwhile ally Trinamool Congress are fighting it out after their split, the Union rural development ministry has cleared Rs 3,576 crore for rural roads in West Bengal under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna (PMGSY) on September 27.Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Saturday communicated to the Trinamool government in Bengal that the final package will be released in a couple of weeks after the state complies with some \"technical issues\".While the Centre cannot be seen as not providing Central funds to states over political differences, the split between the Mamata Banerjee's TMC and Congress had given rise to an apprehension that the Congress-led government at the Centre may deprive Bengal of its share of funds. West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee has already warned against it during her attack on the Congress and its central leadership since she pulled out of UPA-II.Interestingly, in his letter to Subrata Mukherjee, Bengal minister for public health engineering department, Ramesh said, \"I wish to assure you that, in spite of the recent political developments and in spite of the continued and intemperate verbal onslaughts on the leadership of the Central government being made from Kolkata, the Union ministry will continue to support programmes and projects for the benefit of people of West Bengal.\"Bengal Congress leader Manas Ranjan Bhunia had been meeting with ministers and Central Congress leaders, including Rahul Gandhi and the Prime Minister, for the past one week ahead of Banerjee's protest rally here on Monday against the government over FDI in multi-brand retail and fuel price rise, to ensure that Bengal is not deprived of the funds because of the split in the alliance two weeks ago.The Centre's gesture is important since it underscores that Congress is not keen to withdraw the support for development of Bengal on account of its severance of ties with allies-turned-rival Trinamool Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16615770", "title": "India ignores vaccination for the elderly", "text": "MUMBAI: Vaccination for the elderly is one of the most ignored healthcare subjects in India. While in countries such as the US, it is a matter of routine to give annual shots (such as flu) to senior citizens, the concept is nascent in India. In a few cities such as Mumbai and Delhi, senior citizens suffering from cancer do get vaccines but their numbers are too small to be of any significance. This is mainly because there is no recognition of the fact that the elderly, like children, have a vulnerable immune system. A 75-year-old man is as susceptible to the H1N1 virus as a child is; a preventive vaccine would go a long way.Recently, Pfizer secured the prequalification of the World Health Organisation for use of its pneumococcal conjugate vaccine in 50-plus age group. This vaccine protects against a few strains of pneumonia and was previously prequalified only for the pediatric age group. But recognizing the fact that the elderly are equally susceptible to pneumonia, the WHO prequalification for the vaccine has been expanded to include them as well.A Pfizer press release said that Prevenar 13, or Prevnar 13 as it is called in the United States, Canada and Taiwan, is approved in adults 50 years of age and older in more than 70 countries, including Australia, Canada, the European Union , India, Mexico, Russia, Singapore, Turkey and the United States. The WHO prequalification program allows priority medicines to be made available by United Nations agencies for the benefit of those in need.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16610466", "title": "Situation tense as Karnataka releases Cauvery river water in Tamil Nadu", "text": "MANDYA: Complying with the Supreme Court directive, Karnataka today began release of Cauvery River water to Tamil Nadu, triggering widespread protests across the district and disrupting vehicular movement.Irrigation authorities told PTI that about 5000 cusecs of water was being released from Krishnarajasagar Dam and Kabini reservoir since last night.According to sources, Karnataka will be ensuring flow of 9000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu.The decision comes a day after an all-party meeting decided to request Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh to review the directive of the Cauvery River Authority, (CRA) headed by him, asking Karnataka to release 9000 cusecs of water.The all-party meet decision was taken in the backdrop of Supreme Court on Friday directing the state to implement the CRA order.As the water release began, the farmers blocked the Bangalore- Mysore highway near Gejjalagere and more than 50 people including JD (S) MLA, C S Puttaraju have been arrested.The Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) has suspended bus services apprehending violence. The KSRTC also withdrew its high-end Volvo bus services to Bangalore and stopped services via Mandya. We are operating buses through Kanakapura, Mysore divisional controller T R Naveen said. The public transporter has withdrawn its services across Mandya district. However, the inter-state bus services to Tamil Nadu are on and there is no disruption of train services between Mysore and Bangalore.Police have stepped up security in various parts of the district, the epi-centre of protests against release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu. Mysore SP R Dileep, who is there at Kabini dam site, told TOI that situation is under control. Mandya police have thrown a security cover around KRS dam which witnessed midnight protest before the water is released. The KRS dam and Brindavan Gardens are shut for tourists till Monday. The situation in the region is tense.On Friday, the Supreme Court had pulled up the Karnataka Government for failing to comply with the CRA directive to release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu from September 20 to October 15 and warned that it would have to pass appropriate orders if Karnataka did not fall in line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606802", "title": "Telangana march today: Cops, protesters wrangle over entry to venue", "text": "HYDERABAD: Last minute snags continued to dog the 'Chalo Hyderabad' march with the organisers and the police wrangling over the entry points to Necklace Road and the extent of the area that the Telangana activists will have access to. The organisers -- Telangana Political JAC, TRS, BJP and CPI -- have charged that the police were resorting to massive preventive arrests in districts even as Osmania University students threatened to hold a march from the campus to Necklace Road on Sunday.In a permission letter that Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma gave to all the organisations staging the event, it was stated that the march and the public meeting would be allowed only between 3 pm and 7 pm on Sunday. The participants can assemble at Necklace Road only from three points, namely Ranigunj, Minister's Road and Buddha Bhavan and that they cannot go beyond PV Ghat, Sharma said.But this was protested by the organisers, who wanted access to Necklace Road from all sides including Khairatabad flyover, Prasad's Imax side and from the Secretariat side. This was rejected by the cops. T-JAC and the others also wanted access till People's Plaza and not just till PV Ghat on the ground that the former was a better place to hold the public meeting. Finally, the cops agreed to allow access to the participants till P V Ghat and not People's Plaza but the organisers are still unhappy about it.With all the political parties wanting to score a point, minor rallies are expected to converge on Necklace Road from several points in the city. While the TRS plans to begin the march from its headquarters Telangana Bhavan in Banjara Hills, Telangana Jagruti is to commence from Martyr's Memorial near Clock Tower in Secunderabad. The BJP will begin the march from Martyr's Memorial at Gun Park near the assembly while the CPI is to begin it from Indira Park. T-JAC was yet to make a decision on the starting point for the march. However, police said no political party will be allowed to take a rally in the city. All of them will finally assemble near Sanjeevaiah Park and proceed towards Necklace Road.The organisers claimed that over 3 lakh people will gather for the march but in the same breath, charged the police with resorting to unprecedented preventive arrests. Police sources said at least 400 persons each from the surrounding Telangana districts have been detained. A delegation of Telangana leaders led by T-JAC convenor M Kodandaram and Telangana Jagruti chief K Kavitha called on city police chief Anurag Sharma and complained about the preventive arrests.The police commissioner reportedly assured them that he would look into the matter and get them freed. \"The march will be peaceful and organised in such a manner that the government will have no option but to bow down before the people. We will announce our future course of action at the march,\" Kodandaram said.While the organisers are promising that the march will be peaceful, the cops are still apprehensive of outbreak of violence. In the meantime, a delegation of Osmania University students met home minister Sabita Indra Reddy on Saturday and sought permission to take out a rally from the campus to Necklace Road. The home minister, however, said such permission cannot be granted and that they can individually go up to Necklace Road and join the march there.But the students are insisting on taking out a rally from the campus to the march venue on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608751", "title": "MADNESS of the mobs", "text": "Why are we so much at the mercy of furious crowds? From Manesar to Mumbai, Guwahati to Kolkata, angry groups are on the prowl, ready to maim, molest and murder.As the long, hot summer refused to break its grip on the northern plains of India, tempers finally frayed in Manesar, Haryana. A worker at the Maruti plant had been sacked and despite the protestations of his colleagues, management was refusing to take him back. So far, the workers and management had been negotiating. Suddenly , things got out of hand.When the haze lifted from over Manesar , on July 18 this year, the plant lay gutted. Over a 100 personnel of Maruti's management , including a few foreigners, were in hospital. And the plant's human resources general manager, Awanish Kumar Dev, had been brutally killed.What sort of madness was this? Could this crowd violence be explained? The Maruti workers, after all, were not arsonists and murderers. They were blue collar workers who came to their jobs every day and worked hard to make a living.In his paper 'The Political Theology of Violence in Contemporary India' , Thomas Blom Hansen, professor of South Asian Studies at Stanford University , wonders how public violence in India came to be a form of \"legitimate and deeply routinised violence?\" The violence, he said, was usually directed against the state. People would gather, pelt stones at officials, and destroy public property.At least the state, when it is attacked, can fight back. Today's violence, however , can be directed at just about anybody . In July this year, a 20-year-old girl was assaulted by a mob of men for an entire half hour before the police rescued her from outside a bar in Guwahati . The attack on her was recorded by a local TV channel and later broadcast.A few years ago, another woman was similarly assaulted outside a nightclub in Kolkata on New Year's eve. How does one even begin to understand any of this? In the Guwahati incident, the mob was allegedly instigated by a reporter from the TV channel that filmed the attack. But why would the mob go along with him? Surely, they must have known that what they were doing was wrong.Experts say the worrying thing about a crowd out on the streets is that it allows the people in it to do what they might not otherwise. This is a process called \"de-individuation\" , where the character of the crowd overtakes your own. You wouldn't normally assault a girl on the street or beat her up inside a bar \u2014 you know that is wrong \u2014 but that you might do those things from within the anonymity of a crowd. Professor Deepak Mehta, associate professor with Delhi University's Department of Sociology and somebody who has studied the sociology of violence, says voyeurism can kickstart the process. People go along with a mob only to have a peek, then the thin line between voyeur and participant is breached.Mehta refers to this as the maximisation of opportunity. So many people sharing so little living space. So, when an opportunity comes our way, we grab it. \"Look at our traffic, for example. A tiny little space opens up and you will gun for it. Never mind if that might be wrong, against the rules.\"\"Why else would middle class families drive up to shops during the riots in Ahmedabad and loot them?\" he asks. And as long as that is so, there will be more and more instances of criminal behaviour by crowds that think they will get away with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16612829", "title": "Nilekani recommendations on e-toll gathering dust", "text": "THANE: The campaign for transparency and accountability at toll collection booths across Maharashtra has raised questions about the failure of the authorities to introduce an alternative e-tolling systems, recommended by a committee led by Nandan Nilekani way back in 2010.Nilekani, who is the chairperson of the Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ), had suggested a switch over to a new system where pre-paid electronic tags or stickers pasted on the vehicles wind shield will help deduct toll money from the motorists account every time he or she drives through a toll road.A hi-tech radio frequency identification (RFID) system installed at the booths will read details from the unique chip inside the sticker and classify the type of vehicle, determine the toll to be paid at the booth and also debit the amount from the motorists account, the report had said.Leaving little scope for corruption or fudging figures by the private toll contractors, Nilekani proposed creation of a centralized unit which would debit the toll from the motorists account, transfer funds to the toll contractors accounts and also manage the recharging of the tags of stickers purchased by motorists.E-tolling would be an effective measure to keep a day-to-day record of users, calculate the exact toll recovered and how much funds are still due to the contractor, said PWD officials who have time and again expressed displeasure with policy-makers in Mantralaya at the opaqueness of the present system which is heavily tilted to benefit the toll contractor.However, than two years have passed since submission of this study report to the Centre but there has been near-zero initiative by the state administration to ensure its implementation here. The committee's suggestion to initially convert two booths at a toll posts from the present cash payment system to e-tolling system has also failed to find favour with Mantralaya.Maharashtra is said to have the highest toll collection booths as most of the infrastructure projects here has been funded by private players. The state has as many as 79 toll projects and Thane district tops the list of highest toll collection posts with 17 toll projects here.There have been frequent incidents of clashes between personnel employed by the toll contractors and the motorists over the cash payments as many a times the users have to wait in a long queue and wait for his turn to pay toll and exit from a particular toll posts.It completely defeats the purpose of paying toll as precious time is wasted in waiting at the toll booth because the contractors personnel are engaged in some argument or are busy attending to someone who tried to sneak out without payment of toll. Moreover, in the present system we are not informed how much money has been recovered so far, how much more money to be paid and for how long are we to make these payments,'' said Mahesh Nawar, a resident of Vasant Vihar here.He said vehicle census is completely left to the toll contractor and there is no system of checks and balance. The vehicle count increases every year so effectively the toll amount payable should reduce proportionately. However, far from that it has been rising. I used to pay Rs 15 while exiting from the Mulund express highway which has increased to Rs 30 one way now,'' Nawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16607453", "title": "ICSE, ISC exam fees slashed by over 50%", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE) has decided to reduce the fees for both Class X and XII final examinations by over 50% from next year. The council runs around 2,000 schools across the country. The next examinations are scheduled to be held in March, 2013.\"We have decided to reduce the examination fees from Rs 2,100 to Rs 1,000 this time,\" CISCE chairman Jose Aikara said here on Saturday. Akira was here on the occasion of a two-day conference of principals of ICSE schools in Odisha and Chhattisgarh. \"The council has decided to decrease the amount from the next year for the benefit of the students,\" he added.Last year, around 1.6 lakh and 80,000 students had appeared in the Class X and XII examinations respectively. The number of examinees for both the examinations is likely to go up next time, he added.Over 100 school principals from Odisha and Chhattisgarh attended the conference, hosted by De Paul School here. Commandant of Army Air Defence College, Golabandh, Lt. Gen V K Saxena inaugurated it.The chairman said the council had introduced a common syllabus at the higher secondary level. The 2014 pass-outs would be the first batch to take the test based on that syllabus, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "krishnagiri/sathyamangalam", "code": "16608762", "title": "Police forces keep peace along border", "text": "KRISHNAGIRI/SATHYAMANGALAM: Tamil Nadu on Saturday moved police forces to man the Karnataka-Tamil Nadu border at Hosur and Karappallam near Thalavady, in anticipation of protests breaking out over the Cauvery water release issue.Over 200 activists of the Karnataka Rakshana Vedike blocked vehicular traffic on the busy Coimbatore-Sathyamangalam-Mysore Road at Karap pallam near Thalavady on Saturday morning. The protest continued till 2.30pm, when Karnataka police reached the spot and arrested the agitators They were taken to Chamara janagar police station.Tamil Nadu police diverted buses via Dimbam-Thala malai route to reach Chamarajanagar. However, hundreds of trucks and private vehicles remained stranded in the Dim bam ghat section and Thalavady forest area.A posse of 2,000 policemen at the Hosur border near Ban galore spoiled attempts to block vehicular traffic along the Ban galore-Krishnagiri-Salem Coimbatore highway. Trans port buses bound for Bangalore had few passengers, and only a small percentage of private vehicles operated on this route.On the Tamil Nadu portion of the Hosur border, over 2000 cops have been deployed and they are under the direct supervision of West Zone IG T P Sundaramoorthy. All the eight district police superintendents in the region have also reached Hosur border in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610658", "title": "Lady Gaga reacts to being branded 'slut'", "text": "Lady Gaga , who was called a \"slut\" a few days back by a Staten Island official, took to Twitter to thank another politician who defended her against the remark.The 26-year-old singer wrote to Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer on her Twitter account, \"thanku for your support of my activism as a new Yorker.\"\"You show political integrity + a modern vernacular,\" the New York Post quoted her, as writing.Staten Island Borough President James Molinaro had made the \"slut\" remark on Monday, during an anti-substance abuse event, pointing to pictures of the 'Judas' hitmaker lighting something that appeared looked like a marijuana cigarettes at an Amsterdam concert last week.Stringer later defended Gaga in an interview with the New York Observer's Politicker website, saying that she \"is a social justice activist and a real leader for marriage equality in this country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607611", "title": "Coalgate: BJP asks CVC to probe delay in seizure of bank guarantees", "text": "NEW DELHI: Largescale defaults on part of private players allotted coal blocks led to relaxing of timelines and when even this did not help, the government was faced with having to frame fresh guidelines for de-allocation and seizure of bank guarantees.Action was initiated only when the inter-ministerial group (IMG) reviewing allocations in the wake of the comptroller and auditor general's ( CAG ) finding that private entities were benefitted by Rs 1.86 lakh crore began to recommend de-allocation and forfeiture of bank guarantees.Dissatisfied with the government's efforts, BJP MP Hansraj Ahir, who first raised questions over irregularities in allocation of coal blocks through a screening committee process, has written to chief vigilance commissioner (CVC) Pradeep Kumar asking for an inquiry into why guidelines were not enforced and action not taken against defaulters.\"The coal ministry had the right to take back coal blocks and seize bank guarantees of companies if they did not follow guidelines for opening mines and starting excavation,\" Ahir has said.He said, \"many of these companies and their activities are only on paper ... there is a need to ask the coal ministry, screening committee and coal controller about the lethargy and delay in action against these companies.\"Ahir told TOI that not only were coal blocks awarded in a most improper manner, the government then failed to take action when timelines were not met. \"It is as if first blocks were allocated to some favoured persons and then their bank guarantees were also protected,\" he alleged.The government's dilemma seems to have been that a majority of those who were allotted coal blocks failed to meet targets. There were clear conditions in allocation letters but these were not fulfilled by an overwhelming number of allottees.In its responses to the standing committee on coal and mines and to the public accounts committee (PAC), the coal ministry has pointed to the unpredictability in getting various clearances. It has said elaborate guidelines are in the making.The ministry told the PAC that the committee for monitoring coal blocks and deduction of bank guarantees (BGs) met on April 3, 2012, and again on April 24, 2012, to discuss modalities. \"It was noted that 50% of bank guarantees linked to production can be deducted only after the commencement of production. It was felt that it may not be legally justified to forfeit entire BG in the absence of guidelines of deduction on account of delay in development of coal blocks,\" the ministry said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16614978", "title": "Directorate General of Civil Aviation to consider proposal to charge for facilities on flight", "text": "MUMBAI: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) is considering a proposal sent by airlines to charge passengers for facilities provided on board. Indian carriers had written to the DGCA to allow them to charge for facilities given to passengers.These facilities include providing pillows, blankets on board. Currently, airlines provide these services free of cost. Airlines had drafted the proposal asking for sanctions to charge passengers. Many airline abroad levy charges on these facilities. DGCA officials said that the proposal is under consideration. \"The proposal is still to be sanctioned but is being looked into,\" a DGCA official said. The proposal has got more weight with most airlines running into losses.\"The cost of operation is already high particularly due to the devaluation of the rupee and the hike in fuel prices. That is why airlines want to charge passengers and minimise the losses,\" a senior official said. \"The DGCA may think of sanctioning the proposal after a thorough scrutiny,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "16616908", "title": "East Bengal beat Dempo 3-2 to lift Federation Cup", "text": "SILIGURI: East Bengal came back from behind and scored twice in the extra time to beat Dempo 3-2 for their eighth Federation Cup triumph at the floodlit Kanchenjunga Stadium on Sunday.It was a sweet birthday gift to their Englishman coach Trevor Morgan who turned 56 on Sunday as his wards defied all odds scoring through Arnab Mondal (60th), Manandeep Singh (100th) and Edeh Chidi (109th) for a stunning win under slippery ground condition in a rain-hit summit clash.Climax Lawrence gave Dempo the early advantage with a 51st minute strike and the Goan heavyweights remained in the hunt in the second-half of the extra time by reducing the margin through Mahesh Gawli in the 112th.Despite their desperate attempts, Dempo could not get on the equaliser to hand East Bengal the title in their fourth consecutive final appearance.Handicapped by the absence of the suspended duo of Uga Okpara and Gurwinder Singh, Gaikwad and Mondal took charge of the central defense and did it reasonably well for a goalless first 45 minutes.But the I-League winners Dempo bounced back after the break with a Lawrence strike after the change over with a well-coordinated effort.A slight lapse in East Bengal defence and Dempo were quick to pounce on when Lawrence had a powerful right footer that ricocheted off a defender to find the back of the net.But there was no let off from the East Bengal who kept on counter-attacking, resulting in a corner and the equaliser.Nine minutes after conceding the goal, it was youngster Mondal who rose to the occasion with a neat header beyond Dempo goalkeeper Subhasish Roy Chowdhury's reach.Mondal took the header from a back header of Harmonjot Khabra from a Mehtab Hossain corner for the equaliser that brought the roaring supporters back on their feet.With 10 minutes left for the regulation time, Armando Colaco bolstered his side's forward line, bringing in their second foreigner Ryuji Sueoka in place of midfielder Clifford Miranda but without any change to the script as both teams headed to the extra time with 1-1 stalemate.In the extra time, Singh followed a Lalrindika Ralte strike to find the goal for East Bengal's stunning turnaround.In a rare lapse, Dempo custodian Subhasish failed to gather the ball as an alert Singh followed it up nicely to give East Bengal the lead.Chidi then scored from a counter attack, putting it past the Dempo goalkeeper in a solitary effort to give East Bengal a 3-1 lead and almost settle the issue.But Dempo showed tremendous fighting spirit when Gawli scored from a freekick with a brilliant header to beat East Bengal goalkeeper Abhijit Mondal.Dempo almost got an equaliser in the closing minutes of the extra time but Cresson Antao failed to reach the ball as East Bengal held on for a superb win.Earlier, Chidi looked aggressive right from the start as the Nigerian had two fine chances early on.In the eighth minute, Chidi capitalised on a Hossain cross but it was the Dempo goalkeeper who thwarted a fine attempt by the Nigerian forward.Minutes later, Chidi had another chance inside the Dempo box but only to be cleared by a Dempo defender for a corner.East Bengal had the best chance in the resulting corner kick in the 22nd minute when Mondal headed it near the goalmouth but only to see Dempo defence clear it from the goal-line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16608076", "title": "Stir over sulabh complex shifting", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Scores of students of the Kulbhaskar Ashram Degree College affiliated to Kanpur University blocked traffic movement on Lowther Road on Saturday, demanding shifting of a sulabh complex from outside their college building.The students damaged the iron shutter and partially damaged the building of the complex while expressing their anger. A heavy police consignment led by superintendent of police city Shailesh Kumar Yadav rushed to the spot and pacified the agitating students.Station Officer, Georgetown told TOI \"Students in a large number started assembling outside the college gate and raided the sulabh complex and damaged it partially.\" He added the students had raised their objection to construction of sulabh complex in front of the college and demanded to shift it at the earliest. The road blockade on Lowther road lasted about an hour and caused trouble to commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16607420", "title": "Corporation to act tough on unauthorized film shooting", "text": "KOCHI: Taking a serious view of film units shooting movies in the city, especially in places like Fort Kochi and Mattancherry, without paying the corporation the statutory fee, the local body has decided to ask the city police commissioner to deny the no objection certificates (NOCs) to such units.The decision was taken after many councillors raised the issue in the recent council meeting.Mayor Tony Chammany said the corporation would ensure that film units paid the fee fixed by the corporation for using its roads and other facilities for shooting purposes.Though Mattancherry and Fort Kochi are the most sought after shooting location for many film units, the corporation is not paid the required fee.\"Film units should pay the corporation Rs 5,000 per day for shooting in city limits. In many cases, permission is granted only for a day or two, but it is used for a whole schedule,\" said Antony Kureethra, Fort Kochi councillor.He said film units have been paying Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh for a day's shooting in certain areas.\"Sometimes the film units claim the district collector has granted them permission for the shoot. But only the corporation has the right to give such permission,\" he said.Residents in the area said on an average three to four movies are filmed in Fort Kochi and Mattancherry every day. On many occasions there have been heated arguments between the residents and the film crew about roads being blocked on account of the shooting.\"Though the corporation cannot ban film shooting, we will take steps to ensure that the residents in these areas are not inconvenienced,\" said Chammany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16616771", "title": "Don't resort to cheap gimmicks: Narendra Modi tells Kapil Sibal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Taking another swipe at Kapil Sibal over 'Aakash' tablets, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Sunday asked him not to indulge in \"cheap gimmicks\" and instead make honest efforts to deliver the promised device to the youths in the country.Modi's comments came after Sibal shot off a letter and two tablets to the Gujarat chief minister who had criticised the \"delay\" in delivery of 'Aakash' to the students.\"Instead of cheap gimmicks, the minister (Sibal) should first inform the nation on his promise to provide Aakash tablet to 10 lakh (one million) youths in 2011!,\" tweeted Modi.\"In future, Mr Sibal should make honest effort to ensure delivery of good quality computing &amp; access device to our youth,\" he said.Reacting to Modi's earlier criticism over \"delay\" in delivery of 'Aakash', Sibal had commented this week that \"We have sent the devices (Aakash) to the chief minister (Modi). He lives in netherworld, I have shown him on land that Aakash is in your hand\".Sibal had sent a letter and two 'Aakash' tablets to Modi saying \"...Your statement has disappointed me. Education is a collaborative venture beyond the pale of politics and we need to work together in the best interest of the children of the country\".The war of words between Modi and Sibal began when the former criticised the poll promise of Gujarat Congress to give free laptops if voted to power.Modi had said, \"Kaash (if only), this Aakash tablet could land on earth the lies (promise of free laptops by state Congress) they (Congress) are spreading now, would hold some weight\".\"No Aakash tablets have come down on earth even after 11 months (of promise by the Centre). Now I realise why the gizmo was named Aakash,\" the BJP leader had said earlier this month, punning on the word \"Aakash\" (sky).'Aakash' project is a scheme of the ministry of human resource and development under which a million low cost tablet computers are planned to be distributed in the colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16607154", "title": "Making political pawns of \u2018reform\u2019 and \u2018aam aadmi\u2019", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610379", "title": "Movie mania for city dwellers", "text": "The city's movie buffs got a taste of some high octane action on the silver screen recently. Braving the rains, these film lovers made it to the premiere which was held in the heart of the city. Armed with tubs of popcorn to stave off hunger pangs, they sat back to enjoy the action-heavy sequences and all the drama that was being played out on the screen.We spotted Nisar and Priyanka engrossed in the film. Models Deepti and Viraja who had come dressed in chic casuals for this night of movie fun, had a great time too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610788", "title": "Chunky's birthday cake takes everyone by surprise", "text": "Chunky Pandey got a reminder of his oldest habit when his wife gave him a surprise birthday bash. After his shoot Chunky returned home to a surprise birthday party thrown for him by his wife and children. The party had in attendance, Shah Rukh Khan , Hrithik Roshan , Karan Johar , Farah Khan, Arjun Rampal , Kareena Kapoor among other friends. Chunky was pleasantly surprised but what took away the cake was, ironically, the cake itself!Because right there on the birthday cake was a miniature Chunky, sitting happily on the pot, as he does in real life, for hours on end! \"It was Bhavana's idea,\" admitted Chunky. \"You should have seen his face,\" shared a friend who attended the party. \"He was beetroot red!\" So on his birthday, all the friends finally got to see Chunky in an avatar they hadn't expected and even the guests were surprised at the site of that cake!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607033", "title": "Late night bureaucratic reshuffle in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another reshuffle, the state government transferred 16 senior IAS officers around midnight on Saturday. Niranjan Kumar Arya, registrar, co-operatives, would now be moving to the CMO as a secretary while Pawan Kumar Goyal will replace him. Kiran Soni Gupta, member, Rajasthan Civil Services appellate tribunal is divisional commissioner, Ajmer.Deepak Upreti is new principal secretary, medical and health department while Mukesh Kumar Sharma, principal secretary, medical education is appointed as principal secretary, animal husbandry, dairy and fisheries department. Tapesh Panwar is now principal secretary, medical education. Another transfer list for 66 additional SPs was also released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16615753", "title": "Three arrested for murder of Gajjar", "text": "SURAT: Crime branch sleuths nabbed three accused in Nilesh Gajjar murder case from Junagadh. The accused were absconding since September 11 and nabbed through mobile phone surveillance.Police arrested Rajesh Patel alias Raju Salman, Vikas Yadav alias Vicky and Alpesh Yadav alias Pintu from Kalva Chowk of Junagadh. The crime branch team brought the accused to the city and were questioned for their involvement in the murder. Following initial questioning the accused were handed over to Adajan police station for further investigation.Gajjar, a real estate broker and associate of history sheeter Manish Sindhiya was murdered while coming out of a gymnasium in Adajan area on September 11. He was stabbed to death on road when he was walking towards his car parked outside the gymnasium. Two youth wearing helmet came on a bike and stabbed Gajjar.Family of the deceased alleged in the police compliant that Gajjar was murdered by Salman and his aids out of financial disputes. Sources informed that Salman and Gajjar were partner in a property deal. Dispute over share of earnings led to a fight between them out of which Gajjar was murdered, family members alleged. Sindhiya and Salman are into property business and have criminal background. Both were part of a same gang but got separated over financial disputes. Both the gangs have clashed several times in recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612500", "title": "Gurmeet Choudhary wins Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5!", "text": "With the grand finale taking place tonight, (30th September 2012), the much awaited wait to announce the winner of Colors TV's popular dance show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa has finally ended!The Three finalists-Gurmeet Choudhary, Rashmi Desai and Rithvik Dhanjani were hot contenders to win the trophy, but Gurmeet Choudhary led the way with his huge fan following. Both Gurmeet and Rashmi Desai made it to the top two and Gurmeet was finally declared the winner of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5 .Although Rashmi and Hrithvik were tough completion for Gurmeet, his fans proved how much they clearly loved him.Many a times on the show, during the entire four months, Gurmeet's performances have been shaky in many instances but his fans have always come to the rescue.Gurmeet who debuted in 2006, tasted success in 2010 with the show Geet - Hui Sabse Parayi where he played the character of Maan Singh Khurana opposite Drashti Dhami and after that, he catapulted to fame overnight! He currently plays the character of Yash on Zee TV's popular show, Punar Vivah .Winning Jhalak goes on to prove that Gurmeet is truly the most popular male actor in the TV industry! Congratulations to Gurmeet Choudhary! You've surely made the judges, fans and your wife Debina proud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16612730", "title": "53 per cent patients of cardiac cases in Gujarat are below 50 years of age", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Guess who are falling prey to the cardiac emergencies in the state? It is the young professionals who bear the brunt of lifestyle disorders and lack of physical activities. As per a recent study by EMRI 108 in Gujarat, more than half of the cardiac emergencies came from the age group of below 50 years of age. The study also highlighted that the most common symptom observed in cardiac cases was repeated chest pain followed by hypertension.According to health experts, Gujarat is long considered to be heart disease capital of the country followed by Punjab and Rajasthan. However, the new findings put the fact in a new perspective. As per the EMRI study for 2012, the ratio of cardiac emergencies has remained high for past three years but the distribution of the cases has underwent a sea change. \"Earlier, the heart ailments were attributed to the urban centers such as Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Surat and Vadodara but during our analysis of the calls for 2012, we got to know that centers such as Bhavnagar and Junagadh also rank high in reporting emergencies,\" said an EMRI official. Experts said that rapidly changing lifestyle where the work has become sedentary and lack of physical exercise can be attributed to the new trend.As per the research, the percentage of cardiac emergencies reported in various age groups were - below 10: 3.65%, 11 to 20 years: 3.96%, 21 to 30 years: 11.43%, 31 to 40 years: 13.67%, 41 to 50 years: 19.21%, 51 to 60 years: 20.35%, 61 to 70 years: 16.85%, 71 to 80 years: 7.93% and 81 and above: 2.95%.An interesting trend observed by the researchers was about recognizing the symptoms beforehand. In most of the cases, the victims were caught unawares when diagnosed with cardiac problems. Researchers said that cardiac arrest or heart disease shows signs such as pain extending from chest to jaw, arm, shoulder, sweating, breathing problems or back or pressure, crushing or squeezing pain or discomfort in chest.Warning Signs of Heart AttackPressure, crushing or squeezing pain or discomfort in chest Pain extending from chest to jaw, arm, shoulder or back Difficulty in breathing Sweating Lightheadedness, dizziness, fainting Nausea, vomiting", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "begusarai", "code": "16608203", "title": "Tight security for chief minister's train journey", "text": "BEGUSARAI: Security has been beefed up on the highways along the Katihar-Patna rail route for CM Nitish Kumar's return journey to the state capital after his Adhikar Yatra rally in Kishanganj on Sunday. The CM is scheduled to return by the Dibrugarh-New Delhi Rajdhani Express.Begusarai SP Kshatranil Singh on Saturday said intensive police patrolling has been planned at railway crossings along more than 50km stretch between Sahebpur Kamal and Barauni stations. Additional police personnel have been requisitioned from the adjoining Samastipur district and precautionary measures would also be taken outside Barauni Junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607101", "title": "Dausa burns after jeweller killed", "text": "JAIPUR: Residents of Dausa on Saturday morning singed with anger following the gruesome murder of a prominent jeweller on a busy thoroughfare on Friday night. The robbers pumped in five bullets and killed him on the spot.Residents spilled on to the roads and blocked the Jaipur-Agra National Highway, burnt tyres, took out a protest rally and hurled stones at the police and government vehicles on Saturday. They also set ablaze an Uttar Pradesh's state transport bus.The Special Task Force (STF) had to be deployed in the town for the entire day. Tension was palpable and small-time traders also downed their shutters.Rammanohar Soni, 45, was walking home from his shop along with his 13-year old son around 8.30 pm on Friday when two men on a motorcycle intercepted them and fired at the jeweller.They took away a bag containing about Rs 30 lakh cash and jewellery worth about Rs 70 lakh from Soni. The miscreants soon fled. Soni collapsed and died on the spot. The incident took place about 200 meters from the Kotwali police station.Hearing the cries of Soni's son for help, nearby shopkeepers rushed to the spot and informed the police. The body was shifted to the district government hospital in Dausa.As the news of Soni's death reached his family and other jewellers in the town, they gathered at the district hospital and blocked National Highway 11A.Before the police and administration could have placated the agitators, some of them arrived at the Jaipur-Agra National Highway and hurled stones at vehicles and put up a blockade. They set ablaze an Uttar Pradesh's state transport bus at the bypass junction around 11 pm after forcing the passengers out.Police resorted to lathichage to disperse the crowd. The situation was tense as senior police and administration officials, including SP SN Kindhi, were manhandled.As policemen were on alert mode throughout the night, a complete shutdown was observed by the traders' association on Saturday.People in small groups burnt tyres at almost 20 different places in the town alleging police negligence in checking the growing rate of crime. Their demands included immediate arrest of the robbers, removal of the local SHO and financial help to the victim's family members.Law and order went for a toss on Saturday after people gathered at the district collector's office and blocked the Jaipur-Agra National Highway between 1 and 3 pm. When a police team tried to disperse them, the agitators hurled stones. A woman passenger was injured.Meanwhile, the family members were adamant and wanted to take away the body without post mortem. SP, Dausa, SN Kinchi told TOI that STF and police force has been deployed in the town to maintain law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606787", "title": "V Dinesh Reddy is DGP until 2014", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Saturday night reappointed V Dinesh Reddy as DGP for a two-year term. He was scheduled to superannuate in September 2013 but will now serve as the head of the police force of AP till September 2014.The AP High Court had quashed the appointment of Dinesh Reddy as DGP following a petition filed by fellow IPS officer P Gautam Kumar. The high court had ruled that Reddy's appointment was not done as per norms and directed the state to follow the procedures in appointing the head of police force of the state. This entailed sending a list of DGP-rank officers to the Centre and the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) out of which three names would be sent to the state for consideration for the top police post. Until then, Dinesh Reddy will only be the in-charge DGP and will not draw the pay scale as head of the police force, the high court had held.While striking down Dinesh Reddy's appointment, the high court had said his name can be considered again for the top post provided proper procedures were followed. Accordingly, in response to the names of 8 DGP rank officers that the state had sent to the Centre and the UPSC, the latter came up with a list of three names from among them.They were, in that order, Dinesh Reddy, T P Das and Aruna Bahuguna. On receiving the list of three names on Saturday evening, the state in the night issued a GO appointing Dinesh Reddy head of the police force with immediate effect. He was appointed based on his experience and excellent service record, said a GAD official. Incidentally, Dinesh Reddy would be the second IPS officer in the country to be appointed for a two-year term that goes beyond his superannuation, the first being Lathika Sharan who was DGP of Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608752", "title": "The supply of demand", "text": "Rising incomes and a prospering economy have not been able to stem the tide of this lowest form of greed \u2014 dowry. But some are fighting hard to rid India of the infamy.They say a society is known by the way it treats its weakest members. This summer, a poll of 370 global gender specialists by the Reuters Foundation stated that the worst country for women is India. That shouldn't come as a surprise. Our own national statistics are testament to the range of abuse suffered by Indian women daily.Take just one of the several violent crimes against women here \u2014 harassment for dowry. On average, there are 23 dowry deaths every day in the country (8,618 deaths in 2011). It is the fifth most common motive for all murders (3.9%). There has been a 20% increase in dowry deaths since 2000 (6,995), showing only too well that a prospering economy and rising incomes have not stemmed the tide of greed. It gladdens the heart, then, to hear about some voices and platforms of dissent, for whom dowry is a dirty word.A successful entrepreneur, Ayyappa Nagubandi could have had an arranged marriage with an NRI doctor. But the CEO of Possibillion Technologies in Hyderabad decided go unconventional, purely on principle. \"I could have got Rs 2 crore as dowry! But I don't like the concept and wanted to marry someone who has the same independent streak that I have, who would be more educated than me,\" laughs Ayyappa, 33. So he spent a lot of time looking for a like-minded Ms Right and then met Mahalakshmi, a doctor , on idontwantdowry.com. Luckily , they were from the same caste, which mollified their families somewhat , though their anti-dowry stand confounded everyone.Many acquaintances of Ashish Rao reacted the same way when he, an IBM techie in Hyderabad, got married on March 17 without dowry. His father, Harish Rao, a government official, says, \"People asked me why I didn't take anything. But I feel taking dowry is like begging.\" Ashish met his match on withoutdowry.com, a matrimonial website managed by the CEO of Inspire Software Solutions Pvt Ltd, Prasanna Chennamadavuni. \"People think that if a boy is not taking dowry, then there's something wrong with him,\" adds Rao.Satya Naresh, the founder of idontwantdowry.com, where Ayyappa found his bride in 2008, says his intention was to mix business with a cause. \"I found there were marriage websites for all communities, religions, regions but not for dowry-free marriages. I could not find even a bureau. So I felt this was my way of giving back to society.\" Currently, 14,290 members are registered on idontwantdowry .com \u2014 9,065 grooms and 5,225 brides. Says Naresh, \"When we started in 2006, we thought a lot of girls would join. That did not happen. There are two reasons -one , there are a lot of idealistic grooms who say no to dowry, and two, a section of the brides still feels 'paying dowry' is a must for a good marriage.\" While a great majority of the members here are Telugu and below 35, the next largest is the Hindi-speaking section. There are enquiries from UP, Delhi and Haryana at withoutdowry.com, too, says Prasanna.Some of these websites also want to be social crusaders. Naresh's idontwantdowry.com, for instance, conducts swayamvarams every year, with the next one due to be held in November . \"Brides and grooms are free to participate and select a partner who says no to dowry,\" he says.It's a more intensive effort by Nilambur municipality, in Kerala's Malappuram district, which manages the website dowryfreemarriage .com along with the Kerala Mahila Samakhya Society (KMSS). A survey had found that a number of unprivileged families were becoming homeless after being forced to sell their homes as dowry for their daughters. Assistant project director of KMSS, Rama Devi L, says, \"Families were paying lakhs in cash and in gold as dowry, because of which many in Nilambur were landless.\" A social movement was started with door-to-door campaigns, counseling and sermons. KMSS also gives career guidance to youths, including coaching for public service exams. \"That's because one of the excuses given for taking dowry is lack of jobs and high living costs,\" adds Rama Devi.These feel-good stories are only small ripples against a bigger tide. But they are not without effect. Chennai's management consultant K Buhary, who runs the matrimonial site nodowry.net, says, \"The real need is make our daughters selfreliant and to spread awareness. Recently, after an anti-dowry meet in Ramanathapuram, some of the people returned the dowries they had taken.\" It's a hope against hope, but Ayyapppa wishes that by the time his 16-month-old is an adult, the practice would exist only in history books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16607093", "title": "I\u2019m sure india\u2019s defeat is just a one-off", "text": "A few hours after Australia thrashed India by nine wickets in the first World T20 Super 8 encounter in Colombo this week, David Warner the star of the show along with Shane Watson, tells Boria Majumdar that India will make a strong comebackThat was a job really well done. Clinical, smart and a real statement to the other teams.Thanks, mate. Shane and I batted well but one must first give credit to our bowlers for restricting India to such a modest score. The score, 140, was never going to be enough and Pat (Cummins), Mitchell (Starc) and Brad Hogg bowled exceptionally well. It was important we put the pressure on them and our bowlers had set it up nicely for us.There was so much talk about Australian vulnerability against quality spin but you just tore into the Indian attack. Was it a premeditated assault?That's how I play. If the ball is in my zone, I will always back myself to hit it and hit it hard. It was important we get off to a good start against the Indian spinners and that's what we did. While it wasn't premeditated, I was always going to attack them if the balls were in my zone. It is a deeply satisfying win because the Indians, make no mistake, are a world-class team.The morale in the dressing room must be at its highest now and you all must be fancying your chances of making it to the semi-finals.It is a very happy dressing room and each of us is backing the others up to go out there and do the job. We play South Africa on Sunday and we know that we can't afford a major slip-up at this stage. We are, in fact, focused to just push on the momentum and make it to the last four and then go on further in the competition. Australia has not won the World T20 ever and we are aware that we need to change this record.While you play South Africa, we play a do-or-die encounter against Pakistan on Sunday. Do you think the Indians have the mental strength and the ability to come back after this defeat?Oh, no question. Absolutely they can and I am convinced they will. Make no mistake they have some world-class batsmen in that team and also some world-class bowlers. They will come back hard and surely put up a fight. You must also remember that the rain helped us a bit. It made it difficult for the Indian spinners to grip the ball and that may also have affected their rhythm.You have a fast developing major fan base in India. Here too, I could see you sign autographs and pose with Indian fans for photos. Is it a result of the IPL and you playing for the Delhi Daredevils?Playing against Indians and playing in India is always a matter of great pleasure for any cricketer. You have some of the most passionate fans and here also, the Indians were there in great numbers to support the team. It is great for cricket and I'd really like to do well in India when we tour India next year. As a cricketer, it is important I do well in India to really make a mark at the international stage.You already have the Perth 100 against India earlier this year, the innings you have played here in Colombo... you seem to have a fondness for India.(Laughs). I am glad you say that. At times we have a problem playing quality spin bowling. It is important we put in that extra effort and make sure we overcome our difficulties. And India has some really good spinners in Ashwin and Ojha in the Test match arena. It is a matter of great satisfaction to be able to do well against them.Are the pitches in Colombo going to favour the spinners as the tournament progresses?It was a good wicket during the match and the rain helped the balls come on to the bat. There is no doubt teams from the sub-continent should and will fancy their chances. Don't be too disappointed with India's performance. It is just a one-off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608757", "title": "Innocence, interrupted", "text": "They should be the most protected, yet they are the ones at greatest risk. In Delhi alone almost 9000 kids went missing till September this year. Unspeakable crimes continue to be committed in India against those who are least able to defend themselves.September 26: An 18-month-old girl is raped in Kolkata.September 22: A 12-year-old tea stall worker in Ghaziabad is pushed into a pan of boiling milk by an inebriated man.September 17: A French consulate employee is chargesheeted in Bangalore for violating his four-year-old daughter.All this and more happened in just this month. Unspeakable crimes continue to be committed in India against those that are the most vulnerable, the most defenseless, the most innocent \u2014 kids being battered, beaten, raped. And the perpetrators could be anyone \u2014 parents, relatives, hostel wardens, strangers. The bad news is that, as the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) figures show, matters are only getting worse (see box).While kidnapping and abduction of children accounted for 46.2% of the cases, rapes were 21.5% and other crimes 25.8%. In Delhi alone, 8,956 kids have gone missing till September this year. The 2007 National Study on Child Abuse which surveyed 12,447 children from 5-12 years came up with shocking statistics. It found two in every three children suffered physical abuse. Two-year-old Falak, admitted to AIIMS this year with severe head injuries, broken arms and bite marks, was probably the worst of the victimized lot. In 88.6% of the cases, parents were the perpetrators. Sexual abuse was faced by 53.22% children, mostly on the street, at work and in institutional care. What was most frightening was that every second child reported emotional abuse.The deviant behaviour meted out to them is numbing. One NGO got a call from a woman who said that a CD left at her doorstep showed her powerful father-in-law in Pune abusing a boy employed as a help by pushing sticks up his anus. But despite two NGOs filing FIRs, the man was given a clean chit. In another case, a 15-year-old girl from Maharashtra reported that her father, an alcoholic and drug addict, repeatedly raped her in front of family members. \"He would threaten to throttle her if she spoke up,\" says Nishit Kumar of Childline India Foundation.And increasingly, technology is being used to threaten and stalk children, blighting them forever. On August 14, a 16-year-old girl from Delhi was abducted and raped by two men who filmed the act and leaked it to others. Many school-based abuses have teachers using mobiles , says Vidya Reddy of Tulir, a Chennaibased centre dealing with child sexual abuse. But what's heartening is that children are also using mobiles, internet and Facebook to report crimes, says Rajat Mitra of Swanchetan Society for Mental Health.In Lucknow and Allahabad, an alarming trend is the use of bombs to target kids. Ankush , a teenager, died on April 29 after four miscreants hurled a bomb at him in Saraisheikh village in Chinhat. There's also been a rise in juvenile offenders. In Maharashtra , they've gone up from 4,315 in 2010 to 4,775 in 2011. On September 23, five-year-old Shubh Rawal was abducted and murdered in Pune by two students for a ransom of Rs 1 lakh.While some quietly tolerate the abuse, many reach out for help \u2014 these days increasingly so. Childline, which runs a helpline, gets close to four million calls annually. Of these, 40% are directly by children, says Kumar. \"There are SOS calls from street children as young as six years. The maximum calls are from 11-15 year-olds who just want someone to talk to. A new trend is that many middle class children too are calling up.\"Just as well, as the police often doesn't show enough alacrity or interest in solving cases. On May 19, 2009, the body of Yogita Thakre, 7, was found inside a car in the then BJP state president Nitin Gadkari's residence. Postmortem report indicated blood stains and abrasions in various parts of the body. It was referred to the CID but a year later it sent a report to the court stating the case be closed. In Patna, despite the gang rape of a school girl at a residence in Shastri Nagar, no action was initiated till the state's women commission took the matter up with the DGP. The main accused is still at large. The lackadaisical probe into the Nithari case in Noida where many children were abducted, abused and killed by a psychopath, shows that young lives, especially from weaker sections, aren't valued enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16613735", "title": "No industrial development in Bengal since Mamata came to power: Narayanasamy", "text": "CHENNAI: Hitting back at West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee over her criticism of UPA government's policies, Union minister V Narayanasamy on Sunday alleged that no industrial activity has taken place in her state or jobs created since she came to power.\"After Mamata Banerjee came to power in West Bengal, there is no industrial development and no jobs were created. A state cannot remain like that.... The Centre cannot remain like that,\" the minister of state in PMO told reporters at the airport here.\"Centre has to march forward for the purpose of fulfilling the wishes and aspirations of the people\", Narayanasamy said on the eve of Trinamool Congress' demonstration in Delhi to protest the decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail, an issue on which it has withdrawn support to the UPA.Banerjee had alleged on Saturday that \"Looting is on in the name of aam admi and reforms\".\"Reforms are meant to usher development for the people. Now-a-days, the trend is whenever any anti-people decision is taken, it is taken in the name of reforms,\" Banerjee had said in her post in Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16614932", "title": "Cauvery water row: Experts should work out distress formula, retired engineer says", "text": "MYSORE: Supreme court and CRA direction to release water to TN might have come as a bolt from the blue for beleaguered BJP government in the state, but water resource department officials feel that government had failed to present the facts of the case before the Supreme court and CRA to convince the latter on how TN is trying to build up water storages in it's dams located in Cauvery basin .Gut feeling among the engineers is Karnataka leadership failed to present it's case from the farmers perspective and base it 's argument on the ground realities. A senior officer in the department said region passing through an unprecedented drought with water storage in the dams in Cauvery basin failing to reach the full capacity, Karnataka never bothered to base it's argument on the lack of rains and TN's water yield from the North east monsoon which will set in mid October or November .As per the details available with the water resource department the dams in Cauvery basin and dams which add water to Mettur dam from north east monsoon like Bhavani Sagar , Aamaravathy, Vaigai and Periyar and Mettur dam itself are holding 43.34 tmc ft of water against the present live storage in Kabini, KRS, Hemavathy and Harangi being 54.283 tmc ft . But TN dams in Cauvery basin and which add water to Mettur dam have the possibility of getting filled from north east monsoon rains where as Karanataka will not comeunder the umbrella of north east monsoon. If TN receives good rain in north east monsoon and dams fill up their live storage will cross 146.978 tmc ft , exactly adding 103.638 tmc to present storage of 43.34 tmc ft.\"In addition to drinking water demand of Bangalore and Mysore which need about to 5 to 6 tmc ft of water , the existing sugarcane and paddy crops require more than 60 tmc ft of water and the present release of water to TN and prospects of dam getting water in the coming days being remote with monsoon coming to end worst affected will be the farmers who have raised sugarcane\" an engineer said , pointing out how sugarcane a perennial crop needs water round the year. \" It needs couple of thousands to plant the sugarcane crop once again if they lose it now\" the officer added.However, a retired senior engineer who handled similar crisis which cropped up in nineties C N Babu said CRA or Supreme court would have taken into consideration the yield of TN from north east monsoon and prevailing dry conditions in Karnataka before directing Karnataka to release water . CRA or Supreme court would have worked out a formula to save the existing crops both in TN and Karnataka and drinking water needs of Bangalore and Mysore, Babu felt, adding that only solution to this intermittent problem is working out an across the table distress formula based on crop pattern and monsoon conditions by the experts and not the politicians or lawyers .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16614439", "title": "World Rivers Day: Rivers are our most threatened, endangered species", "text": "NAGPUR: As India prepares to host the 11th Conference of Parties (COP) at the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) in Hyderabad from October 8 to 19, experts say it needs to take a look at the pathetic state of Indian rivers, riverine and connected terrestrial biodiversity and communities.\"Even as union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan made a public statement that biodiversity assessment will now be included in the impact assessment, the fact is the government has absolutely no effective policy, law or programme for protection of India's rivers,\" said Himanshu Thakkar of South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers &amp; People, Delhi.Even as the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) reported in its latest submission to CBD that it has increased protected areas from 1.33 lakh sq km to 1.56 lakh sq km, India has next to none protected areas for explicit protection of rivers and freshwater biodiversity.The only exceptions are the National Chambal Sanctuary, Ken Gharial Sanctuary, Sanjay Gharial Sanctuary, Vikramshila Dolphin Sanctuary etc. and even these protected areas (PAs) are facing huge water abstraction pressures from upstream and downstream.Thakkar says 'World Rivers Day' is the time to take stock of how we are treating our rivers and the communities that depend on them. \"The scene looks bleak today. Our rivers are so threatened that if they were a species instead of our life support systems, they would have been declared as endangered, red data book species,\" says Thakkar.Dams, hydropower projects, diversions, pollution, floodplains and river bed encroachment, bad water management practices have all but destroyed rivers and the ecosystem goods and services they provide to millions.Rivers from Alaknanda in Uttarakhand to Krishna in Andhra Pradesh , from Sutlej-Ravi-Beas in Himachal to Godavari and Wainganga in Maharashtra, from Brahmaputra in Assam to Sabaramati in Gujarat, from Yamuna in Delhi to Netravathi in Karnataka, from Chenab in Kashmir to Chalakudy in Kerala all are facing a crisis and need urgent help.Looking at the immense ecological, economic, social and cultural value of Indian rivers, Thakkar has drawn attention of the Centre to come out with a policy and law for protection of rivers and also declaring certain rivers in each state as no go areas, and leave them in their natural state, not allowing any dams, hydropower projects or such structures on them.Shockingly, India does not include 'rivers' in its definition of wetlands. Nearly all the Ramsar sites of India are lakes or reservoirs. Even they are getting affected by upstream dams and abstraction and no effective protection is accorded to them. There are hardly any legal instruments to protect rivers and ironically, the World Rivers Day celebration started in 2005 on last Sunday of September, following endorsement of the UN.The reality of plans like National River Conservation Program, Ganga Action Plan, Yamuna Action Plan, the recently constituted National Ganga River Basin Authority etc is that none of them have any success to show in terms of protection or rejuvenation of a river.The CAG report on Water Pollution (2011-12) has said that India's 14 major, 55 minor and several hundred small rivers receive millions of litres of untreated sewage, industrial and agricultural wastes. Presently, only about 10% of the waste water generated is treated while the rest is discharged as it is into our water bodies. \"Over 38 years after enactment of Water Pollution Control Act in 1974, the only noteworthy thing one can say is that the state pollution control boards (SPCBs) have be formed under it but all have been complete failures and are known as dens of corruption,\" Thakkar alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608182", "title": "Teen starts new life on World Heart Day", "text": "KOLKATA: Sixteen-year-old Reshma would find it difficult to keep up with other girls of her age. She would be ill all the time and get exhausted at the slightest physical activity. Over the last few months, she lost a lot of weight and her nails and tongue went blue. Her condition even forced her to drop out of school.But all that is now past. On World Heart Day, Reshma started a new life after being cured of her rare congenital heart defect though a surgery at a private city hospital a few days back.Though born with the defect, Reshma's condition remained undetected all these years. About two months ago, when her condition got very serious, the girl from Haldia was admitted to a Joka hospital. The hospital then referred her to Fortis Hospitals. There, doctors found that the girl had a history of repeated respiratory tract infection. Detailed tests detected that the girl was suffering from cor triatriatum, a rare birth defect, due to which she had five chambers in the heart instead of the normal four.Experts said cor triatriatum is an extremely rare disorder that comprises only 0.1% of all congenital cardiac defects. Normally, the human heart has four chambers of which two are the atria. These two are separated by a partition (septum) called the atrial septum. The other two chambers, known as ventricles, are also separated by a septum.A cor triatriatum patient has a small extra chamber above the left atrium. The pulmonary veins, that return blood from the lungs, drain into this third atrium. The passage of blood from the lungs into the heart (left atrium and ventricle) is slowed by this extra chamber. It may eventually lead to congestive heart failure and obstruction.\"Without surgery, a patient does not survive for long,\" said Dr K M Mandana, consultant cardiac surgeon at Fortis Hospitals. The defect can be detected by echocardiography or an MRI scan.Reshma was operated upon on July 21. \"The partition between the two chambers was removed so that her heart now has only four chambers. The hole in the heart (ASD) was also closed during the surgery. The girl also underwent a post-operative cardiac MRI scan to ensure that all was well,\" Mandana added.Reshma's condition has been reviewed and she is doing well. \"I get exhausted no more. Neither are my nails and tongue turning blue.It is a wonderful feeling that I will be able to do all that I have missed out on all these years. I am also looking forward to going back to school. I feel I have got a new life,\" she smiled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608706", "title": "Cognizant Technology Solutions to aid poor students", "text": "BANGALORE: New Jersey-headquartered IT company Cognizant Technology Solutions has announced a scholarship programme for economically backward students in Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. This is in association with the US-based non-profit organization Foundation for Excellence (FFE).Under the programme, students who score 70% marks or more in high school board examinations are entitled to a full college scholarship. The programme will initially fund 130 students in the first year and will be scaled up gradually. \"We are focused on improving education in our communities so that future generations have opportunities for professional and personal growth,\" said Archana Raghuram, director of Outreach at Cognizant. The firm is also engaging its employees to mentor scholarship recipients and support the programme with financial and administrative work.FFE has given scholarships to 12,000 students amounting to $7.5 million in the last 16 years with an overwhelming proportion of contributions coming from Indians based in Silicon Valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610210", "title": "Smartphones on a budget", "text": "Phablets, the phones with a screen size of five inches and above, seem like devices tailor-made for India where consumers may not want to spend on both a phone as well as a tablet. We put three budget 'phablets' through our gruelling tests to see how they perform.Mercury MagiQWhat we like Good performance: The Mercury MagiQ performs admirably. There is virtually no lag during day-to-day operations, whether you're scrolling through hundreds of contacts, browsing apps, or juggling between a few open tabs in the browser. What's more, its touchscreen is responsive, quick, and fantastic for a budget device.Media playback: We liked how well the MagiQ handles video formats. Of course, it can't play back 1080p FullHD videos or the MKV file format. But other 720p HD videos are handled smoothly.What we don't like Screen: The viewing angles on the screen are terrible. View the display from almost any angle other than up front, and you are likely to see a change in its brightness or distortion in colour.Call quality: Call anyone using the MagiQ and if you're in a noisy area, there are chances that they might not hear you clearly. The device's microphone amplifies all background sounds and this hampers call quality.GPS: The MagiQ supposedly supports GPS, but during tests, it could never lock onto a satellite. This means we could not use location-based services such as Google Navigation.Bulky: Even for a phablet, the MagiQ - with its rectangular design - feels a bit bulky, making it difficult to use as a phone.iBall Andi 5cWhat we like Good performance: The Andi 5c performs impressively. There is the occasional lag when switching between apps or during scrolling in some apps, such as Tweetdeck. Mostly, the performance is incredibly smooth. It also helps that the 5c's touch response is good, and its GPS works very well.Media playback: The 5c handles 720p HD videos with ease (although the default video player lacks support for most formats). Given its budget hardware, the device is still incapable of handling the heavy MKV file format. But that is not a deal-breaker.What we don't like Ghosting: The screen on Andi 5c is not as good as what we've seen on other devices. It blurs during fast scrolling and images are prone to some amount of ghosting. Bulky: The phone feels heavy to hold. Besides, its wide design makes it seem rather bulky. Poor camera: The camera quality is poor and it is difficult to get usable images unless you are shooting in daylight.Micromax A100What we like Good design: The first thing we noticed is this smartphone's premium looks. Rounded edges, rubberized back cover, on-screen buttons and attention to detail make A100 one of the best-looking budget devices. The build quality is good and nowhere does it feel flimsy. Touchscreen: This is one of the best touchscreens we have seen on a budget phone. Colours are rendered vividly and brightly. Besides, the handset responds promptly to touches and swipes.GPS: The GPS performance is impressive. It may take a while - around 10 to 15 seconds - to lock onto a satellite, but once it is connected, it's a solid performer. Battery life: The Micromax A100 has fantastic battery life. On average use, it lasts for over 18 hours.What we don't like UI lags: A100 is the only phone in this round-up that suffers from chronic lags. If you switch between apps too fast or open more than two windows in the browser, the phone seems sluggish. Try running more than a couple of apps at once and it starts to choke. Media playback: This is not one of those devices where you can just copy any media file and play it. In most cases, the phone can't even handle 720p HD videos.Camera: The camera in A100 is disappointing. The images it shoots lack details; and in case of low light, the pictures suffer from too much grain.(What the ratings mean: Below 5: The product is poor and doesn't offer the experience it promises. 5 and 6: The product works as advertised. It is functional. 7: The product is good; will not disappoint the buyer. 8: The product is very good; super value for money. 9: The product is exceptional. 10: You're kidding, right?)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16614678", "title": "Bill to fix responsibility on Discoms: Moily", "text": "MANGALORE: The centre will fix responsibility of power management with states through draft model bill for fixing responsibility on state Discoms.The Power Ministry would bring out a draft State Electricity Distribution Responsibility (SEDR) bill after due inter-ministerial consultation soon, said Power Minister Veerappa Moily here on Sunday.This follows after the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs approved the scheme for financial restructuring of Discoms. The SEDR bill mandates compliance with provisions of the financial restructuring package.Moily said as of now the accumulated losses of all Discoms were in the region of Rs 2,46,000 crore at the end of March 31, this year. The objective of the proposed scheme is to enable the state governments and discoms to carve out a strategy for the financial turnaround of the power distribution companies. He said the centre will incentives Discoms for reduction of transmission loss, which according to the package works out to Rs 24,000 crore in the next 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16613155", "title": "Puri Jagannath's issue settled", "text": "Puri Jagannadh and DVV Danayya's fallout over a remuneration issue that created a stir in Tollywood has been quietly sorted out, we learn. SKN (Srinivas), official PR of the 'mega' family, wrote on his microblogging site, \"The issue 'settled' with in hours yesterday only, as its miscommunication (sic).\" According to reliable sources, the duo met up and resolved the issue, after which Puri boarded the flight to Bangkok.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16614777", "title": "First rehabilitate those displaced: CM to Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: Worried for 1000 odd residents of Trilokpuri likely to be displaced during construction of metro's Yamuna Vihar line, Delhi government has asked DMRC to first give it an alternate site for their rehabilitation.A 55 kilometer long corridor of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation's (DMRC) Yamuna Vihar- Mukundpur line passing through Trilokpuri area, situated between Mayur Vihar Phase-I and Vinod Nagar, needs relocation of 144 plots housing some 1000 odd residents of Block 15 of Trilokpuri part II's resettlement colony.However, to settle the issue and ensure timely completion of the project officials of DMRC, area MP Sandeep Dikshit and government officials have been running from pillar to post to arrange land for the residents.Several meetings have already been held with DDA for an alternate site but the civic agency is yet to come out with a proposal. DMRC, however, has pinned down on a 4000 square yard land in the near by vicinity but the same belongs to DDA which is sitting over the project.DMRC, however, is not only willing to pay for the land but has also proposed to built the houses if required.Earlier, after local protest by residents and on insistence of area MP and other politicians, DMRC was forced to re-consider the plan design. However, after due consideration DMRC in a report said any change in design can affect metro's safety.\"Both government officials and senior Metro officials have even approached UD ministry to put pressure on DDA for an early disposal of the case as no work metro work can start in the area until residents are relocated,\" said a senior government official.However, the residents are up in arm against government officials against the demolition. \"Our officials were man handled and thrown out from the area when they had gone their to conduct survey,\" said a senior government officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16608362", "title": "Finding partners for singles in twilight years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amar Lal Joshi, a widower, who is a retired professor, found his second love at the ripe age of 81 at a senior citizens meet in Ahmedabad. Joshi went into depression after the death of his wife and it was his daughter who encouraged him to find a companion. There are several elderly citizens like Joshi in various cities like Pune, Indore and Mumbai, who are keen to find a companion through such events.The members of Ved Varsha Foundation, a non-profit organization, which claims to have set the trend for such events, are now all set to hold a first single senior citizens meet here in the city.Headed by Harish Gulati, the foundation would facilitate elderly singles in finding a companion for themselves at the meet, for which the date would be declared soon.Single men and women above the age of 50, who are looking for a companion, would be eligible to take part in the event.There are several elderly people who are keen to have partners but dont come out with it, fearing social censure as second marriage or alliance at an older age is still considered a taboo. The objective is to encourage such alliances in cases where the elderly are finding it difficult to live alone and would rather spend their life with a person in a similar situation. This event will help such elderly singles meet and help them find suitable partners, said Gulati.Stating that single, divorced, widowed and separated persons would be eligible to take part in the event, he maintained that legal advice too will be given to those, who fear any legal or property-related complications due to re-marriage or a new relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610506", "title": "A tryst with history", "text": "Lucknow's a heady melange of all cultures and emphasizing the Australia connect were the duo - Prof Christopher Vernon and Dr David Headon, who were in the city the past few days. And the who's who from Lucknow's party circuit got a chance to know them and their work better.Their mission: familiarize Lucknowites with Walter Burley Griffin and his wife Marion, prominent architects from Australia, who spent their last days in Lucknow and designed some prominent buildings including the Tagore library at Lucknow University.The reception and subsequent high tea, organized by a corporate major, began with a short film that detailed the life of the architect couple, principally their struggle with the government authorities as they went on with the task of planning Canberra, Australia's capital. And many in the crowd laughingly identified with them, including host Jayant Krishna. But none more so than special guest, politico Abhishek Mishra, who laughingly reassured all the architects present at the do that he will try his best to ensure they did not meet similar hurdles. Many among the audience recollected how they could associate with Griffin's work, including Ali, Raja Mahmoodabad's son, whose family had commissioned some work to Griffin, which could not be completed because of his untimely demise. Photog Ravi Kapoor took the opportunity to talk about Lucknow's glorius architectural marvels and the need to sustain them. But it was during the high tea that people intermingled.A crowd surrounded Prof Rakesh Chandra who could be heard talking about his travels to Mumbai and other cities, while GB Patnaik and Krishna were in close conversation. Abhishek Mishra and Chander Prakash too were conversing for a long time before Prakash moved on to speak with Dr Headon to discuss more about his passion, Lucknow heritage.Meanwhile Vipul Varshney could be heard telling friends , \"I can completely understand the travails of the Griffins. It can be frustrating dealing with the", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16608952", "title": "Collector revives old bypass alignment, farmers upset", "text": "COIMBATORE: Hardly a fortnight after the state government succumbed to pressure from local farmers to change the alignment of the proposed western bypass from Madukarai to Mettupalayam, another bypass project to decongest the city has attracted the wrath of farmers.Farmers, fearing large scale displacement, are angry that the district administration has cleared the Kangayampalayam-Mettupalayam bypass alignment that passes through Neelambur and Saravanampatty, ignoring two other alternatives that were proposed earlier. The controversial proposal was shelved by the then district collector following strong agitations by farmers.In his recommendation to highways and minor ports department secretary T K Ramachandran, district collector M Karunagaran has said that agricultural land would constitute only 15% of the proposed acquisition by citing a feasibility study undertaken by a consultancy firm, Mukesh and Associates. However, the collector recommended for change of the toll plaza proposed in Mettupalayam road in the face of staunch opposition.Few years ago, the state government in consultation with the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) had announced the plan to build a 59.35-km long bypass to link Trichy Road and Avinashi Road with Mettupalayam Road. However, massive protests erupted over the plan after it became clear that a large number people may have to be relocated. Tamizhaga Vivasayigal Sanghom, a platform of farmers, proposed an alternative alignment from Kangayampalayam to Mettupalayam Road though Vellanaipatti, Kalvipalyam, Kunnathur, Kattampatty and Kuppapalayam. The alternative alignment was only 33-km long and the displacement very minimal, it was suggested. Further more, the cost of land on the stretch was less.However, the then collector P Umanath came out with a revised proposal that was 46.35-km long but free of large scale displacement.According to farmers, the administration has revived the old, expensive proposal because of pressure from companies that aim to take up the bypass construction under BOT basis. They plan to instal a toll plaza at the spot where the bypass merges with the existing Mettupalayam road. A large number of vehicles are likely to pass through this spot. The opponents of the plan claim that the authorities will even have to build a railway over bridge to put this plan on track whereas the alternatives are free of such constructions.\"The length of the proposed bypass is 59 km. The existing Coimbatore-Mettupalayam road is just 39 km. So vehicles are unlikely to use the lengthy bypass if the government revive the old controversial proposal,\" argues M R Sivasamy, state president of Tamizhaga Vivasayigal Sangam. He claims that if the Coimbatore- Mettupalayam road is widened till Mettupalayam (work is on for a four-lane road till Narasimmanaickenpalayam), traffic jams will cease to happen.\"The NHAI will have to depend on private players to get funds for the new bypass road. This road will have three toll plazas and the vehicle riders will have to pay at every toll plaza. Car drivers should pay Rs 70 and lorry drivers should pay Rs 140 in each toll plaza. If they accept the proposal, revenue is likely to fall,\" said Sivasamy.Farmers claim over 5,000 acres of coconut and sugarcane plantations will be affected if the controversial bypass road alignment is implemented. The Sangham is alleging that the proposed bypass would benefit only speculators among realtors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16614746", "title": "Delhi CM spent Rs 48 lakh in 6 years on international and domestic travel", "text": "NEW DELHI: In response to a CIC order Delhi government recently posted details of expenditure incurred by chief minister Sheila Dikshit on her international and domestic travel in last six years on its official website. The RTI seeking details was filed by late Ravinder Balwani, an RTI activist and aide of Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal a fortnight before his mysterious death on April 23rd this year.As per the RTI response, uploaded on the website in August, Dikshit has spent Rs 40 lakh (approx) on her seven international and 28 domestic visits made between Jan 2007 to June 2012.After Balwani's death, his daughter Sonia Balwani had moved CIC to seek reply against the pending RTI's forcing CIC to pass an order for publishing of the details on government's official website.The RTI reply gives details of CM's official as well as private travels which was allowed by government's General Administration Department. In 2007, CM made two international visits one to Kuwait to attend the meeting of Olympic Council of Asia and the second one to UK and USA to participate in large cities climate summit. While the second trip had costed Delhi government Rs 7.5 lakh, expenses of trip to Kuwait were borne by Indian Olympic Association.Again in 2008, CM made two international trips one to Hong Kong and China to visit games sites to see the infrastructural development and stadiums in the back drop of Common Wealth Games (CWG) and second to attend an environment sustainability event on the Millennium Development Goals. The two trips had costed government Rs 4, 69,451 and Rs 6, 35,182 respectively.Dikshit, who was perhaps occupied with CWG preparations, did not make any foreign visit for next two years between October 2008 till October 2010. However, immediately after CWG were over, she went to Japan in November 2010 to attend 9th plenary meeting at an expenditure of Rs 6, 18,805. Her last foreign visit in recent times was to Singapore in October 2011 to see the Institute of Technical Education (ITE) a replica of which is being built in Delhi. This visit had costed government Rs 3, 57,749.Besides international travels, Dikshit spent Rs 8.65 lakh (approx) on domestic visits made all across Indian cities. Of the 28 domestic visits made by her during this period six were her private visits.The CIC order came after the commission's resolution in September 2011, where it had decided that if it received a complaint regarding assault or murder of an information-seeker, it would take up the pending RTI application and order the department concerned to reveal the information on its website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16610756", "title": "Pandit Jasraj, Shiv Kumar Sharma to perform at Delhi Classical Music Fest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eminent musicians such as Pandit Jasraj , santoor maestro Shiv Kumar Sharma, Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan and Ustad Wasifuddin Dagar (Dhrupad) will regale the audience at the Delhi Classical Music Festival.The five-day festival, to be held from Oct 1-5, will also see performances by vocalists Pandit Rajan-Sajan Mishra, Savita Devi (purabang gayeki of the Banaras gharana), Venktesh Kumar, Vinayak Torvi and Ustad Shujaat Khan (sitar), Pt Daya Shankar (shehnai) and Tejendra Majumdar (sarod).The festival, organised by the Punjabi Academy, is presented by Department of Art, Culture &amp; Languages and Govt of Delhi. It'll be held at Kamani Auditorium and inaugurated by chief minister Sheila Dikshit. The festival intends to keep alive the sentiments of 'Delhi Celebrates' post its success at the Commonwealth Games 2010.Anita Singh, vice chairperson Punjabi Academy, has chalked out the detailed programme for the festival as it has some of the biggest names performing in it. \"Keeping with the tradition, this year's festival will begin with a Dhrupad recital,\" says Singh. While Pt Jasraj's vocals and Shiv Kumar Sharma's 100-string santoor will be the highlights, not to be missed would be Grammy nominee Shujaat Khan's sitar, Daya Shankar's shehnai and Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan's vocals.\"We'll provide a platform to artists from Delhi as well as those who are nationally acknowledged. Delhi artists are mostly neglected by the events or festivals in Delhi, something this festival will address\" said Singh.According to Rawel Singh of Punjabi Academy, entry to the festival is by invitation only which will be available at the Punjabi Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "16615082", "title": "Cancer awareness drive in Faridkot soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Keeping in view the growing number of cancer cases in Punjab, a state wide awareness and symptom based early detection door to door campaign is being started by the government on pilot basis in Faridkot district from October 2, which would be later extended in the entire state during the month of December.The campaing will be biggest ever door to door campaign involving more than 50,000 personnel touching more than 1.25 crore people of the state.Deliberating on problems of cancer patients in the state, Vinni Mahajan principal secretary health said that there were certain bottle necks in the disbursement of Mukh Mantri Cancer Rahat Kosh Funds which have been thoroughly examined in the state level meetings and necessary steps to make it more patient-friendly and hassle free have been initiated.She said that there would now be no gap between the diagnosis of cancer and the start of treatment, as the sanction of the amount from the Rahat Kosh would be from the date of final diagnosis. In the case of State Medical Colleges, whenever a patient of cancer was diagnosed by the college, a Committee of the College would be empowered to directly send the case to the state level sanctioning committee of the Mukh Mantri Cancer Rahat Kosh.Empanelled hospitals may begin treatment immediately after taking a security deposit from the patient, which shall be refunded after the relief was sanctioned from the date on which treatment begins. If the disease progresses such that treatment cost goes up beyond the original estimate, additional amount shall be sanctioned up to the maximum admissible amount of Rs. 1.5 lakh. Another patient friendly initiative was that, if a patient being treated by one hospital was required to be referred to another empanelled hospital, the balance amount with the previous hospital shall stand transferred to the referee hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16608500", "title": "Makeshift fireworks unit busted", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: A day after the blast in an unauthorised backyard cracker manufacturing unit in Sivakasi, officials found another such illegal unit functioning on Saturday.The revenue and police officials rounded up the unit functioning under tarpaulin sheds on the outskirts of Veppankottai village and took all the 68 labourers busy making crackers there into custody. The workers were let off after questioning, but the officials have seized bundles of crackers and chemicals from the makeshift unit. Owner of the unit Alagarsamy absconded after he learnt about the raid. The police have registered a case against Alagarsamy and the foreman of the unit.Police said Alagarsamy was running a cracker factory named Karthick Fire Works at Veppankottai. \"But during an inspection at the unit on September 22, officials found several violations and suspended the licence. Alagarsamy moved the chemicals from the unit and set up this makeshift cracker unit on the outskirts of the village and was employing villagers there since then,\" said a police officer. During the questioning, the workers admitted that they were aware that it was a illegal unit, but had no alternative sources of income.\"The collector has instructed us to gather information about similar unauthorised units and cracker manufacturing activity done out of houses in villages. We will crackdown on such units also,\" said a senior revenue official.The official said preliminary inquiries revealed that crackers were being made in houses in over 50 villages in Sivakasi, Sattur and Arupukottai areas. \"We could not arrive at the exact number of such illegal units because crackers are made in backyards of houses. There could be more than a 1,000 households. But we will act against the owners of cracker units and contractors who are involved in illegal manufacturing,\" said the official.However, the revenue officials say they are facing extreme pressure due to lack of manpower. \"We have our own day-to-day official duties to perform. After the Mudhalipatti accident that claimed 39 lives, we began inspecting all licensed units. Even before we could complete the inspection of 689 units, now we are forced to act against illegal units. The government should deploy special teams or even create a separate wing to monitor the cracker industry,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "dharmasthala", "code": "16614348", "title": "Improve quality of English in Kannada schools: Heggade", "text": "DHARMASTHALA: It is imperative to improve the quality of education imparted in Kannada schools in the state and also teach English phonetically to students there, said D Veerendra Heggade, dharmadhikari, Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala. Such an effort is presently on in schools managed by the Kshetra with help from a Hyderabad based Institute, he said, adding that only when children are taught any language phonetically, can they learn it easily and shed fears about it.Replying to felicitations accorded to him by Kannada Sahitya Parishat at the convention of its district office bearers and taluk presidents here on Sunday, Heggade said the warning bells for Kannada has been tolling for the past five years and this tolling has only increased off late with penchant of parents to admit their children in English medium schools. Merely submitting representations to the government without making course correction will not do, he said.Regretting the increased 'corruption' in the form of Kannada due to extraneous influences, Heggade said, \"Kannada is like the Ganga. However, even Ganga has a limit to which it can tolerate distortion,\" he said exhorting the parishat to take up the task of cleansing this polluting influence on the language and also strive to promote the use of Kannada in its pure spoken form in all official functions so that the language can survive the onslaught of change.Nallur Prasad RK, immediate past president of the parishat who presided over the function said the time has come for Kannadigas to stand up united to challenges that the language is facing on various counts. Referring to the prevalent Cauvery issue or the issue of bestowing classical language status in the past, Prasad said, \"Karnataka has always received step motherly treatment from the centre, mainly due to lack of unity among the political parties in the state.\"Referring to the success that the Parishat saw under him in getting budgetary support to conduct various activities, Prasad exhorted the district and taluk office bearers of the parishat to use it wisely and promote the language. \"We are getting Rs 5.07 crore from the state government in the budget,\" Prasad said, adding that the funds received from the state for the dictionary project too has been utilized properly for the overall benefit of the language and the state therein.Sangamesh Badavadagi, honourary secretary said each taluk unit will henceforth receive Rs 25,000 as maintenance grants, Rs 1 lakh for conduct of taluk sahitya sammelans and the district units Rs 5 lakh. The parishat will organize a state level meet on old Kannada poetry and similar meets at the district level for which the district units will get Rs 25,000. The parishat will also issue identity cards to around 45,000 newly inducted members by end of October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16612765", "title": "Border firing, drugs feature in DG-level talks between BSF and BGB", "text": "KOLKATA: The use of non-lethal weapons like pump-action guns and stun grenades by Border Security Force (BSF) personnel along the Indo-Bangla border may have resulted in fewer deaths of Bangladeshi nationals but the attacks by criminals from across the international border on India's border guarding force has gone up.Senior BSF officials brought this matter up with their counterparts in the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) during the recently concluded 5-day DG level Border Co-ordination Conference between the two forces in Dhaka. \"Criminals in Bangladesh have come to know that BSF personnel are carrying non-lethal weapons.They are attacking BSF personnel with lethal weapons. We have brought this matter to the notice of the BGB and they have assured increased surveillance along the border. Till date, 2008 co-ordinated patrols of the BSF and BGB have been conducted along the international border. Numbers have been exchanged at all levels and officers are in direct communication to diffuse any tension along the border,\" B D Sharma, additional director general, East, BSF, said in Kolkata on Sunday.According to him, there has been a decline in the number of deaths along the international border since 2009. This has happened due to the issuance of non-lethal weapons and sensitisation of troops. The number of deaths in 2009 was 93. In 2010, the figure dropped to 55. In 2011, seventeen people were killed along the border and in 2012 so far, the casualty figure is 16. These figures were presented to BGB officials in Dhaka when they brought up the issue of deaths of Bangladeshi nationals along the border.The policy of the Government of India is clear on this subject. During his last visit to Kolkata, P Chidambaram, who was then minister of home affairs, said that the BSF jawans have been instructed not to open fire on anybody who has 'succeeded in crossing over' the international border. There is some consternation regarding this policy amongBSF officers and jawans but the orders are being followed for the sake of better ties with Bangladesh. Unfortunately, Bangladesh doesn't seem to appreciate the efforts made by India. At the same time, Bangladesh continues to raise the issue of narcotics smuggling from India. Sources in the BSF say that this smuggling can't be effectively controlled without use of force. The moment force is used, Bangladesh starts raising the issue of deaths along the border. According to Sharma, the issue of terror outfits seeking shelter in Bangladesh was also brought up during the talks. Like in the past, Bangladesh assured that action is being taken against anti-India groups on its soil.Whether such action has yielded results is not clear though. The additional DG also said that plans to set up a joint task force on Fake Indian Currency Notes (FICN) were discussed. Bangladesh, like India, also suffers from the circulation of fake currency. A few years ago, fake currency was detected in the BGB's own headquarters in Dhaka. \"The movement of FICN from Malda to other parts of the country is a major problem. We have written to the district magistrate of Malda to incorporate several villages that have come up between the international border and the fencing on the Indian side. These zero-line villages were set up by villagers who tended to land across the fence.Today, they have become the conduit for FICN from Bangladesh. Sometimes, bundles of currency notes are simply thrown across the fence. They have also deviced ingenious methods to send in FICN. We have recovered FICN from irrigation pipes even,\" he said. On the issue of suicides in the force, Sharma said that it has now been made mandatory for all personnel to go on leave thrice a year. The personnel will be granted 30 days leave twice. On the third occasion, he can proceed on leave for 15 days. The personnel are questioned about the situation at home when they return to find out if they are suffering from any depression. Watch is also being kept on barracks to identify those with a suicidal streak. Once this is done, welfare funds are utilised to bring in family members to spend some time with the disturbed jawan. EOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16608083", "title": "Combing operation launched to nab deputy pramukh's killers", "text": "PATNA: The Vaishali police on Saturday launched a massive combing operation to arrest the suspected Maoists involved in the gruesome murder of Patepur deputy pramukh Umesh Singh and his son Kunal Bharti at Sukki village under Patepur police station on Friday night.Around 30 armed Maoists attacked the village and asked the family members of Umesh to come out of their house. They blew up his house with dynamite and shot dead Kunal before killing Umesh. They escaped after pasting a poster there.IG, Tirhut range, Gupteshwar Pandey, said Umesh had never complained to the local police about any threat from the Maoists. He said the villagers described him as a well-behaved man. He said Umesh was a relative of BJP MLA from Muzaffarpur, Suresh Sharma.He said in 2007, Maoists had attempted to eliminate one Indramohan Singh alias Bigul mukhiya who, according to locals, was close to Umesh. Bigul was later killed in Muzaffarpur, the IG said.Pandey said the Maoists' poster mentioned Umesh as patronizing antisocial and feudal elements and also supported Bigul.Vaishali SP Upendra Kumar Sinha said the reason behind the attack was yet to be ascertained. He said an FIR against unknown persons had been lodged with the police station concerned and massive combing operation had been launched to nab the Maoists. Umesh had two sons. One is studying at Bangalore, the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608307", "title": "Suburban train jumps tracks", "text": "KOLKATA: Services in the Sealdah-Bongaon section were disrupted after two wheels of a local train derailed at the Bongaon station on Saturday. According to an Eastern Railway spokesperson, nobody was injured in the accident. Commuters, however, claimed that two persons received minor injuries after they jumped off the affected coach when it lurched and the wheels started dragging.\"The train left Sealdah at 5.55am. When it reached platform number 2 of Bongaon station, two wheels of the third coach from the rear jumped the rails. There were no injuries. There was also no cause for panic as the train had already reached the station. Services were delayed as the platform remained blocked till 10.30am,\" an ER spokesperson said. tnnCommuters on the affected train said that they felt a jerk and heard a noise before the coach lurched to one side. There was some panic as the train didn't stop immediately and the coach was dragged forward. This was when two commuters tried to jump out of the train and hurt themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16612940", "title": "Sourabh crashes out of National Badminton Championship", "text": "SRINAGAR: Defending champion Sourabh Verma became a second-round casualty but for the rest of the top shuttlers it was just another day in office as they expectedly reached the third round of the 77th Senior National Badminton Championships on Sunday.Sourabh, who got a first-round bye, was defeated 21-18, 17-21, 15-21 by a hitherto unknown Shreyansh Jaiswal from Chattisgarh in the men's singles competition at the Sher-e-Kashmir Indoor complex.London Olympics quarterfinalist P Kashyap, Ajay Jayaram, Sai Praneeth, Anand Pawar, Arvind Bhat, Chetan Anand and Anup Sridhar also reached the third round in men's singles, among others.Defending champion in women's singles, P V Sindhu, advanced to the third round after winning 21-10, 21-3 against Juhi Dewangan.Arundhati Pantawane, Neha Pandit, Mohita Sahdev, Tanvi Lad (9), Trupti Murgunde, PC Thulasi and Sayali Gokhale also reached the next stage in women's singles.World number 33 Sourabh, who played for Petroleum Sports Promotion Board in the team event, was leading the match after winning the first game but 17-year-old Jaiswal raised his game to create pressure on his fancied rival.The 19-year-old Sourabh crumbled under pressure to allow Shreyansh to come back into the match.Despite losing the opening game, Shreyansh grew in confidence and went into the break at 11-10.Sourabh tried to get his act together but ended up making too many unforced errors as his younger opponent walked away with the match in the end. Shreyansh will next take on Nikhilesh Sarma in the third round.\"I never played him before. He is the defending champion and when I went into the match, I thought I will lose. But then in the second game, I started retrieving everything and it put pressure on him. I slowly grew in confidence and I am extremely happy with my effort,\" said Shreyansh, who has been training under Dronacharya awardee coach Mohammad Arif for the last five years in Hyderabad.Sourabh said he could not execute his strategy in the match.\"I won the first game but in the second midway, I was in two minds with my strokes. I was confused what strokes to play and ended up making too many errors. Initially I was confident of rubbing off the deficit but then I got under pressure,\" he said.The Madhya Pradesh lad, who had skipped the Japan Open this month to focus on the Nationals, will next play in the Denmark and French Open next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "sanguem", "code": "16607636", "title": "Plea to paint Sanguem speed breakers", "text": "SANGUEM: Residents of Sanguem taluka and nearby areas have demanded that 24 speed breakers on the 12 km road from Ugem to Curchorem via Sanguem should be painted as they are not visible during the night.They have opined that the speed breakers, which are installed by the PWD, lack specific design, thereby posing a serious threat to commuters.Residents complained that certain speed breakers in the locality are too high and are also not visible during the night time as they are not painted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16614404", "title": "Dr Trehan visited Chandigarh on World Heat Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Beopar Mandal -a group of businessmen in the city- on Saturday hosted lunch in honor of visiting dignitary Padma Bhushan Dr Naresh Trehan, world's most renowned cardiologists. Dr Trehan was in the city to hold a scientific session on the occasion of World Heart Day.During the visit, Dr Trehan advised group of businessmen to eat and drink everything but only in moderation especially who do not fall in the sick category and said that with modern technology now the likely patients can be identified who should then must consult doctors for the likely precautions or treatment where as others should just try to restrict every intake to moderation along with regular physical exercise.In an answer to a queries about the apprehension amongst general public especially traders that they shall get subjected to unnecessary expensive treatment even if they only go for a general check up about heart functioning, Dr Trehan said that a video conferencing facility is being started by his Medanta, the medicity in Gurgaon. Later in the day the functionaries of Chandigarh Beopar Mandal also attended the scientific seminar conducted by Dr Naresh Trehan in the Government Medical College and Hospital, situated in sector 32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16610181", "title": "Students stars felicitated on the eve of Delhi's half marathon", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the eve of the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon (ADHM) 2012, Bharti Foundation organised a special felicitation ceremony for the young Satya Bharti School 'Student Stars' on Saturday.These children have addressed social issues in their communities, stood up for what is right and have transformed their lives as well as their village communities. According to a press statement, actor Bipasha Basu, along with Olympic star, David Rudisha, interacted with students in the capital as a prelude to their participation in the 5th ADHM. Espousing the 'Student Star' theme in ADHM 2012, Bharti Foundation has corporate organisations and individuals running for its student winners.In the last four years of the event, the foundation has raised awareness about the significance of quality education in the villages of India. Since 2008, it has brought together more than 3,000 people - employees across 43 corporate houses, around 160 students and over 800 individuals, raising resources for its schools and education of underprivileged children. Speaking at the event, Vijay Chadda, CEO of Bharti Foundation said: \"The Airtel Delhi Half Marathon has given us a great platform to share the work that Bharti Foundation has been doing in providing quality education to rural India.This year, we bring to light the success of our students who are 'stars' in their own right and have become change makers in their communities. It is a proud moment as we celebrate the success of the Satya Bharti School children today in the presence of our partners.\" The foundation was set up in 2000 as the philanthropic arm of the Bharti Group of Companies to help bridge the education divide between urban and rural India.Towards achieving this intent, it launched its flagship initiative, the Satya Bharti School Program in 2006. The program delivers quality education, free of cost, to underprivileged children in the villages of India, focusing primarily on the girl child, and is helping transform students into well educated, confident, employable and socially responsible citizens of tomorrow. Currently, over 38,000 children are enrolled in 254 Satya Bharti Schools (including 187 primary, 62 elementary and five senior secondary schools) across six Indian states. The intent of the program is to develop scalable, sustainable and replicable components of quality education to make a large scale impact on the education sector as a whole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16607343", "title": "Scientists feted at award ceremony", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Eminent scientist professor (Dr) Pradipta Kishore Dash was awarded the Biju Patnaik Award for Scientific Excellence for 2010 on Saturday. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik presented a cash prize of Rs 2 lakh, a shawl and a citation to Dash at a glittering function organized by Odisha Bigyan Academy here. The academy is an agency of the science and technology department engaged in promotion and popularization of scientific temper among the masses.Dash, presently director (research and consultancy) at Siksha O Anusandhan University's multidisciplinary research cell, said, \"I am happy to get the prestigious Biju Patnaik Award from Naveen Patnaik after 22 years of getting Samanta Chandrasekhar Award from his father Biju Patnaik.\"However, Dash expressed concern over the deteriorating standards of engineering education in Odisha. \"Engineering education is on crossroads in Odisha. Though a large number of colleges have been set up but we don't have quality teachers to teach in these colleges. As a result our students don't have employability. While research and development has been given so much importance across the world, we are lagging much behind in this sector, which is affecting our productivity and innovation,\" he lamented.Speaking on the occasion, chief minister Naveen Patnaik simply said, \"The future of science education in Odisha has improved a lot in the last few years with the opening of a number of institutes of national repute.\"Four other senior scientists were also awarded by the academy for their contribution in the field of science for the year 2010, among others. Botanist Banchhanidhi Mishra, noted plant breeding and genetics scientist Dr Japhran Keshari Ray, chemistry professor Gopabandhu Behera and agri-scientist professor Asutosh Ray were the other awardees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16607954", "title": "Nagpur student makes low-cost multi-rotor copter", "text": "The model, made of parts from gaming consoles, can be used for surveillance and disaster managementWhile one would find many students making small model planes at the many aero-modelling competitions, not many students can build a complex multi-rotor model. Akshat Deshpande, a third year student of Dr Babasaheb Ambedker College of Engineering And Research, has attempted to do just this, using parts from gaming consoles.An electronics and communication student, Akshat also spent hours online to learn the language called embedded C that was used for programming the tri-copter. This plane, he says, can be used for surveillance and disaster management.Differentiating his model from the ones made at aero-modelling competitions, Akshat says, \"Those models are made of wood or foam and need to be watched continuously to be controlled properly. They have minimal applications and are more or less like toys. The tri-copter I have designed does not need to be watched and can be controlled from a distance. Such models with multiple rotating heads are extremely costly in market and are complex machines.\"He substituted the components of the device with a simple circuit with cheap components found in gaming consoles. A gyroscope censor from Nintendo Wii, nunchucks censor from Wii Motion Plus, some other motion censors and a microcontroller to control them were assembled to form the machine.He also designed the software that runs the copter. \"The programme is written in plain embedded C, which is used for controlling small 'brains'. As an electronics engineering student, writing a programme is a little difficult but I surfed the internet for a couple of months to learn it,\" said Akshat. He added features to keep the hardware and software open to any further modifications for flexibility and adding more features.The applications of the device, he said, can be getting a bird's eye view of areas affected by disasters like floods and fires by mounting a camera on the copter. It can also be used for surveillance in densely populated areas. By putting a GPS chip on it, the copter can also be used for locating one's position. Being an open platform, it can be further upgraded by anybody who's interested,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607151", "title": "Scrap OBC quota: Samta Andolan Samiti", "text": "JAIPUR: Representatives of the Samta Andolan Samiti on Saturday met the Other Backward Classes (OBC) commission demanding scrapping of reservations; members of the Shri Rajput Karni Sena also met the commission demanding that their community be included in the OBC category.Led by Samiti's president Parashar Narayan Sharma, representatives handed over a memorandum to the commission's chairman Justice I S Israni (retd) on Saturday saying the OBC quota should be scrapped completely. The organization, representing government employees from the non-reserved categories, is fighting against the quota system.\"The beneficiaries of the OBC reservation have used and misused the government facilities to an extent where they no more need reservations. The OBC commission should now recommend scraping of quota for the OBCs,'' said Sharma, adding that the OBCs were also eating into the pie of the unreserved categories.On the other hand, members of the Shri Rajput Karni Sena handed a memorandum to the commission demanding inclusion of Rajputs in the OBC list. \"We have been demanding reservation for the past 15 years, however, no heed is being paid to our demand. If the only way to get quota is to take to the streets, we would be forced to do that,'' said Shyam Pratap Singh, claiming that the community had faced a major setback socially and economically over the years.Commission chairman I S Israni said the commission has completed the public hearings and will now start preparing its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16608184", "title": "Central bounty, despite bitter split", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has cleared Rs 3,576 crore for Bengal under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna even as Congress and Trinamool Congress slug it out after their bitter break-up.Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Saturday informed the Bengal government that the final package will be released in a couple of weeks after the state complies with some \"technical issues\".While the Centre cannot be seen as not providing central funds to states over political differences, the split between Congress and Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool had given rise to an apprehension that the Centre may deprive Bengal of its share of funds. Mamata has repeatedly warned against it during her attacks on the Congress and its central leadership since she pulled out of UPA-II.Interestingly, in his letter to Bengal minister Subrata Mukherjee, Ramesh said, \"I wish to assure you that, in spite of the recent political developments and in spite of the continued and intemperate verbal onslaughts on the leadership of the Central government being made from Kolkata, the Union ministry will continue to support programmes and projects for the benefit of the people of West Bengal.\"Bengal Congress leader Manas Ranjan Bhuniya had been meeting with ministers and Central Congress leaders, including Rahul Gandhi and the Prime Minister, for the past one week - ahead of Mamata's protest rally here on Monday against the government over FDI in multi-brand retail and fuel price rise - to ensure that Bengal is not deprived of the funds because of the split.The Centre's gesture is important since it underscores that Congress is not keen to withdraw the support for development of Bengal on account of its severance of ties with allies -turned-rival Trinamool.Mamata, too, has appeared somewhat soft on the Congress in Bengal, hinting in the assembly a few days ago that \"forgiveness is the biggest religion\". In a recent TV interview, when she was asked if an alliance with the Congress was now a complete no-no for Trinamool, Mamata refused to be drawn into a direct answer. On the other hand, she has repeatedly warned in public meetings and Facebook posts that she cannot be \"threatened or blackmailed\".With the panchayat polls on the horizon, funds for rural development may prove to be a key element in the political equation. The cash-strapped Bengal government will find the going very tough without central funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16613440", "title": "A photo exhibition in Pink City", "text": "Photography exhibition in an art gallery in the pink city is catching everyone's attention .The moment one enters the Sudarshan Art Gallery of Jawahar Kala Kendra where photo exhibition 'Imagine: A Photo exhibition' is being organised, it proves to be a visual treat for art lovers.This show is not usual, as it offered something different to the lovers of the art, bringing various aspects of photography on a single platform. The exhibition, created to showcase photo journalists' works in a new and refreshing way, displays 75 pieces of works created by a group of 9 photographers. Be the panoramic view of the pink city or rich and picturesque forts and palaces of the desert state, or flaura and fauna of Rajasthan, the show truly proves to be an amazing experience. The photojournalists showcasing their work at the exhibition include Ramji Vyas Rajesh Jobanputra, Purushottam Diwakar, Leela Diwakar, Deepak Sharma, Rakesh Sharma , Dinesh Chandra Gupta, Padam Saini and Salim Sheri. Always on a hunt to click the perfect photo, the group of nine photographers have tried to bring a different perspective through their art.\"The experience is truly exquisite and amazing. Padam Saini's picture of a tiger and a bird clicked in Jaipur zoo captures viewer's attention. The combination of light and shades, evident in his pictures, is truly remarkable,\" said a foreign visitor while looking at the picture. The group now plans to take the photography exhibition to the different cities of the country. Exhibition concluded on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16613418", "title": "State Wildlife Crime Control Bureau to be formed: Tarun Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Under fire over the recent rhino killings at Kaziranga, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi today said a state Wildlife Crime Control Bureau would be set up to deal with poaching and smuggling of animal products.He said the state government would soon bring out a white paper on wildlife and forest conservation giving details of the work carried out by his government and previous regimesm which, he claimed, will prove that charges made by opposition parties like BJP and Asom Gana Parishad were false.\"We will form a State Wildlife Crime Control Bureau. Poaching has happened and we are taking the issue seriously,\" Gogoi told reporters here.He said that \"involvement of extremist groups have been noticed in poaching of rhinos\", but did not elaborate.\"Some people are trying to play politics over the poaching of rhinos. That is unfortunate,\" he said.Gogoi said, \"We plan to involve local communities in the area of Kaziranga National Park and Manas and form Animal Defence Parties, on the lines of Village Defence Committees. We are also eager to involve NGOs for wildlife conservation.\"Gogoi said so far in 2012, a total of 14 rhinos have been poached in Kaziranga, while another 27 have died due to drowning during the three waves of flood.He refuted suggestions of encroachment of land at KNP by suspected Bangladeshi illegal immigrants.\"There is no encroachment in the core reserve area. However, there might be instances of encroachment in those areas which have been acquired for expansion of the KNP but are yet to be handed over to the Kaziranga Authority,\" he added.\"We will not allow any encroachment and evict anybody found to have encroached land in the national park,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16608082", "title": "Date of concession in house tax extended till October 31", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Mayor Abhilasha Gupta has given orders for extension of the date of concession in house tax till October 31. Further, the date of filing objection to the house tax has also been extended till October 15.The order has been passed following series of complaints made by people and corporators that many people have not got the house tax bills at the new rates. As a result, people are not able to to get the benefit of 10 per cent concession in house tax. Further, they are also not able to file objections to the house tax.In addition to this, mayor Abhilasha Gupta has also given orders for waving off the interest on the arrear of water tax, water charge and sewerage tax till October 31 in the interest of the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16614099", "title": "US TV star watched porn for Broadway role", "text": "American Actress Ari Graynor has revealed that she watched porn videos to prepare for her role in the Broadway comedy 'The Performers.' Meanwhile, her co-star Cheyenne Jackson took a different approach by talking to adult stars.The Broadway comedy is about the \"ins and outs\" of the adult-entertainment industry. \"I've watched some videos of some people,\" the New York Post quoted her as saying at the Metropolitan Opera's opening night.\"I went to the [AVN] Adult Entertainment Awards list, and I wanted to see, like, best newcomer and best couples scene,\" she said. Fellow actor Jackson revealed his unique approach to ready himself for his role. \"I interviewed several adult stars,\" he said. \"I just wanted to know how they got into it and why. The real thing to me is: Are you what you do for a living? I'm not sure,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16608057", "title": "25th edition of IIM-Ahmedabad's marketing conclave begins", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) inaugurated its annual marketing conclave - Insight, on Saturday. The institute is celebrating the silver jubilee of the conclave this year.The two-day conclave registers student participation from several business schools across the country. This time, the event was also opened to international students from Stanford University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology for the first time.Keeping the global audience in mind, Insight included a performance on traditional Gujarati folk, called Charni chhand on Saturday evening. Ahmedabad's Chhand Group recited traditional verses and poems by Gujarati poets in a fusion version with musical instruments.The flagship event of the coveted festival, 'Reality Bites', has offered a staggering prize money of Rs 1 lakh for the winners, who are going to test their skills by running a local beauty salon for a day in Ahmedabad on Sunday.The event provides a platform to the teams to get a real time experience of running a renowned salon chain at its three different stores at Vastrapur, Maninagar and University Road. Three teams are selected after a rigorous round of preparing a case study summary given to them. Two of the teams are from IIM-A itself and one team is from Welingkar Institute of Management, Mumbai.Rohan Agarwal, second year student at IIM-A and the event organizer, said, \"On September 30, each of the teams will take over the functioning of one of the three branches and would aim at maximizing the salon's profits by luring customers across the city. Their task would involve increasing the sales of their respective salon branch by following a well-defined marketing strategy designed by them. At the end of the day, they will be judged on the basis of the profits they made for the salon and how many new customers they were able to bring.\"The event will be judged by Rushal Jain, supervising producer and marketing manager of the Gujarati film 'Kevi Rite Jaish'.The marketing team of popular television show Satyameva Jayate will also interact with students on Sunday to impart lessons on effective marketing.Founding fathers of the event-Kapil Kapoor from the batch of 1987 flew in from Hong Kong to be part of the event. Kapil, who is the global chief operating officer of Timex and the first secretary of Insight, inaugurated the event on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16607657", "title": "4 suffer burns as gas leak sparks fire", "text": "CHENNAI: Four people suffered burns in a fire triggered by a gas leak at Kodandaram Nagar in Chromepet on Friday.Police said technician Kannan was attending to a faulty stove at the house of Manimaran, 41, when gas leaked. Someone then lit a match and a fire broke out, Kannan, Manimaran and his relatives Dass and Asif sustanined burns and have been moved to the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital.Meanwhile, the death toll in Tuesday's gas cylinder blast in Kodungaiyur, has risen to four with the death of the Vignesh, 11, early on Saturday. Police said, Kathiresan, 40, and his younger son Vinoth, 8, admitted to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital, died on Thursday. Kathiresan's wife Latha had died on Tuesday.There have been at least six such incidents in the city in the recent past which claimed nearly ten lives, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607531", "title": "Three robbers caught", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ghatlodia police officials arrested three persons for looting cellphones and cash from citizens on Friday night. The accused have confessed to having committed 37 mobile phone robberies in the last one year.The arrests were effected during night patrolling by Ghatlodia police officials near R3 Mall at Gurukul on Friday. They heard a man shouting about thieves. The cops spotted three youths who were fleeing on a bike. They were caught after a chase and a mobile phone with Rs 650 cash were recovered from them.The trio was identified as Jigar Chauhan, Ajay Tomar, and Alim Solanki, all in their early 20s from Memnagar. \"They said they were working with travel agencies as cleaners and office boys during the day and targeted people sleeping outside their residences in the night. They used to roam on bike and rob street dwellers of their valuables,\" said a Ghatlodia police official.The accused confessed that they had looted 37 mobile phones and other valuables from Navrangpura, Vejalpur, Naranpura, Shahibaug and Sabarmati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16608363", "title": "Senate polls: DAV lobby stronger", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Members representing the DAV management lobby have emerged stronger in the Panjab University senate polls this time, with three members topping the graduate constituency voting chart already.Even as the top 15 candidates with highest votes for 15 seats of graduate constituency have become clear on day-two of counting, the names of final winners will be announced on Sunday.DAV's Satish Kumar (2,707 votes), B C Josan (2,700 votes) and Kailash Nath Kaul (2,693) are already on the top in the count chart so far, while principal of MCM DAV College Puneet Bedi has won from the principal's constituency. Certain prominent faces are also likely to be nominated to the senate by the chancellor among a??nominated membersa??.Others who are ahead in the voting count, include Varinder Singh Gill (2,295) who was backed by the Panjab University Studentsa?? Union members, Manish Pal Singh Banda (2,252), Jarnail Singh (2,056), Ragbir Singh Bhullar (1,949), Anu Chathrath (1,947), Jagpal Singh (1,856), Naresh Gaur (1,848), S S Randhawa (1,796) and Gupreet Kaur (1,613) who is yet to catch up.Names of three new senators have already been announced on Friday, including D P S Randhawa, Sanjeev Kumar Arora and Sandeep Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612221", "title": "Manchu Vishnu competes With Allu Arjun", "text": "Stylsih Star allu arjun's great following in Kerala state is known to everybody and no hero of South India has such a charisma in Kerala. Looks like, Manchu Vishnu also wants to make his presence felt in Kerala. His new movie 'Denikaina Ready' is being planned to be released in Kerala as well. It is interesting to see whether he competes with Bunny there or not.Cute actress Hansika is doing opposite to Vishnu in this movie. Yuvan Shankar Raja and Chakri are jointly rendering the music of this movie. G.Nageswara Reddy is directing this movie while it is being produced by Manchu Vishnu himself under the banner 24 Frames Factory. The movie is hitting the screens on October 18.Source: www.haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16606976", "title": "Break-in at SBI branch in north Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours after Friday's Defence Colony robbery in which armed men shot at a guard and decamped with Rs 5.25 crore in a cash van, a burglary attempt was made at an SBI branch in Inderlok in north Delhi.Although the burglars entered the branch after cutting through iron bars and knocking down a portion of the bank wall, they could not breach the ATM code or the locker, a police officer said on Saturday.The attempt was made around 1am on Saturday. Sarai Rohilla police, who are investigating the case, say this was the second break-in at the branch in a span of one-and-a-half years.Harish Kumar, deputy manager of the branch, said the break-in was noticed when their cashier, Chanderpal, reached the office around 9.15am and found the ATM machine lying on the floor. All four CCTV cameras were found disabled.\"The burglars came from the jungle at the back, climbed up to the AC duct and knocked a hole around the barred window. They cut open the grille and then disabled the CCTV network before turning their attention on the almirahs and the ATM. They broke the ATM cover but could not crack the code. They even tried to break open the strong room,'' Kumar told TOI, adding, the ATM was kept in a working condition till 1am although no cash transactions were allowed beyond banking hours. \"The lone guard had left his post before the burglars struck. It seems they were aware of the bank's layout.''Police said CCTV footage shows three or four people entering the bank around 1am after cutting the iron grille on a ventilator. \"The robbers tried to unlock the ATM inside the bank. They also damaged the ATM in the attempt. Four of the five CCTV cameras installed inside the bank were found damaged,\" said the officer. Bank officials, though, claimed no CCTV footage had been found.Police and bank officials confirmed no cash or valuables were missing. \"We are investigating into the case. We have some leads and a breakthrough is expected soon,'' said Sindhu Pillai, DCP (north).Crime and forensic teams have lifted fingerprints from the spot and sent them to the forensic laboratory. There are eight employees at the 30-year-old SBI branch that remains busy due to its market location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16607452", "title": "Gurgaon businessman duped of Rs 10.5 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: A sacked manager of a Delhi-based battery company, a Mumbai-based battery entrepreneur and a Ludhiana-based relative of the Delhi manager have been booked on the charge of duping a Gurgaon-based battery supplier. The main accused has been accused of receiving Rs 10.5 lakh from the supplier but not providing him the batteries.On the recommendation of the police commissioner, Sector 10 A police have lodged an FIR against Rajiv Sahni, resident of Delhi; %Naresh Dheer, resident of Ludhiana; and Rajiv Singhvi, native of Mumbai.In his complaint to the police commissioner two months ago, a Gurgaon-based battery supplier, Jai Bhagwan Sharma, resident of Harsaru village, Gurgaon, had said that one Rajiv Sahni, who was working as manager in a Delhi-based battery company and had supplied batteries to the company many a time, left his job in November 2011 and had claimed that he would provide him good batteries from Mumbai at lower prices. Sharma trusted Sahni and placed orders with Sahni.Sahni asked him to deposit Rs 5 lakh by RTGS in the account of one Rajiv Singhvi, a Mumbai-based battery entrepreneur and it was done in two days. The following week Sahni told him to deposit Rs 5 lakh more as the batteries supplied exceeded the order. As Sharma trusted Sahni, he had given him Rs 5 lakh in cash and a cheque for Rs 56,000.When Sharma did not receive any battery consignment, he lodged a complaint with the police commissioner. Police investigation lent credence to Sharma's allegations.The probe revealed that Sahni, who had told Sharma that he had quit his company, was in fact sacked. He had lied to Rajiv Singhvi that since the Gurgaon businessman did not want delivery now he could deposit the Rs 5 lakh through RTGS in the account of Jaibhagwan Sharma's son Naresh Dheer and had given him the account number. Singhvi abided by Sahni's advice.The police investigation also found that Naresh Dheer, resident of Ludhiana, was actually a relative of the main accused Rajiv Sahni and not of Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16611168", "title": "Arnie admits affair with Stallone\u2019s ex", "text": "Arnold Schwarzenegger has confirmed in his autobiography that he did indeed have a \"hot affair\" with US actress Brigitte Nielsen at a time when he and Maria Shriver were dating and already living together.Schwarzenegger and Nielsen co-starred in the 1985 film ' Red Sonja .' Nielsen in her memoir, published last year, wrote that she and the 65-year-old actor had an \"outrageous affair\" while filming the flick and that she did not know until later, that he was involved with Shriver, Fox News reported. In his memoir 'Total Recall,' coming out on Monday, the ' Terminator ' star has written that he knew the affair wouldn't last. In fact it was their \"fling\" that made him realize that he wanted to marry Shriver", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16613464", "title": "Sleeping for long hours can cut risk of diabetes in teens", "text": "LONDON: Extending sleep duration may help to reduce diabetes risk in youth, a new study has claimed.Researchers from the University of Pittsburgh have found that increasing the amount of sleep that teenagers get could improve their insulin resistance and prevent the future onset of diabetes.\"High levels of insulin resistance can lead to the development of diabetes. We found that if teens that normally get six hours of sleep per night get one extra hour of sleep, they would improve insulin resistance by 9 per cent,\" said lead author Karen Matthews.The study tracked the sleep duration and insulin resistance levels of 245 healthy high school students.Participants provided a fasting blood draw, and they kept a sleep log and wore a wrist actigraph for one week during the school year.Sleep duration based on actigraphy averaged 6.4 hours over the week, with school days significantly lower than weekends.Results showed that higher insulin resistance is associated with shorter sleep duration independent of race, age, gender, waist circumference, and body mass index.Interventions to promote metabolic health in adolescence should include efforts to extend nightly sleep duration, authors said in a statement.The study will be published in the journal SLEEP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16607759", "title": "Mamta Vahan: A huge success", "text": "GARHWA: The Mamta Vahan scheme for the convenience of pregnant women proved a hit in Garhwa district. The scheme has been launched in 104 panchayats for pregnant women to reach the nearest primary health centre (PHC) for regular check-ups and delivery. As many as 1555 pregnant women have so far been benefited by the scheme that was started just a year ago.The Mamta Vahan have been in service on contract basis, sources in the department said. This arrangement has been made by the health department for the convenience and security of pregnant women so that they reach the nearest PHC safely, the sources said.However, all district panchayats do not have Mamta Vahan facility. Out of 196 district panchayats, 92 are still deprived of such a facility.District coordinator of Sahiya programme Vinay Kumar said that efforts are made to provide the Mamta vehicle facility in the rest 92 district panchayats. Kumar also said though the vehicle scheme especially made to ferry pregnant women to PHCs, they can also be taken to sadar hospital if necessary.The scheme was launched by the health department in Garhwa district on September 29 last year. It was launched for would-be-mothers living in rural areas of the district for an easy drive to reach the nearest PHC. Only a telephone call by a relative of the pregnant woman is enough to call the vehicle to their doorstep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607401", "title": "Delhi: Leopard cub gets survival lessons from zoo officials", "text": "NEW DELHI: After being separated from its mother, life for seven-month-old Tejas has not been easy. The leopard is slowly being taught how to survive in the wild. In its small enclosure in the hospital, it hides behind water bowls as if waiting for a prey; stretches its limbs and ponders its next move. The caretakers say it has learnt to feed on raw chicken without assistance. However, this training, which is supposed to come from the mother leopard or through the fight for survival, is being imparted by forest officials.The officials, who have been rearing this wild cat for the past four months, say the cub will be released in the zoo closure in another one and a half months, when it starts feeding on beef. In May, Tejas was brought to the zoo from a village in Uttar Pradesh. The cub had strayed into the village a month after its birth, and a family had taken it under their wing. The cub was handed over to the zoo officials when it was two to four months old. Officials say they are working mainly on its feeding habits to preserve its wild nature.\"When the cub was brought, its health showed it was surviving on milk. So we started teaching it how to eat meat, which would have been the case in the wild,\" said Dr N Panneer Selvam, veterinary officer at Delhi Zoo.The transition from milk to meat was gradual as the training provided to the cub in the wild is different from the one given in a zoo. \"For the first 15 days the cub was fed milk. After that it was provided with chicken soup,\" said Selvam. \"Twenty days later it was fed full-boiled chicken along with calcium and multi-vitamin supplements. This was upgraded to half-boiled chicken, and by September, it was able to feed on raw chicken,\" added Selvam.Selvam said usually the milk feed is given for a longer period but as Tejas already had sharp teeth and nails, the changeover was quick. However, forest officials say the cub still requires special attention. \"Before it is transferred to the zoo, it should know how to feed on beef on its own,\" said an official. For this they say the entire soup to raw meat cycle shall be repeated again, but this time using beef. At present, Tejas is having minced meat, after which raw or boiled beef will be phased in.Each feed for the cub weighs one-tenth of its weight, and includes calcium, phosphorous and multi-vitamin supplements. Officials discussed the changes in the cub's behaviour since it arrived. \"Initially, we could handle it using our hands. It was young and lethargic. But now no one can go near it as it gnaws and bites,\" said Selvam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16611237", "title": "Anne Hathaway marries longtime beau Adam Shulman", "text": "Anne Hathaway has tied the knot with longtime beau Adam Shulman in scenic Big Sur on the California coast on Saturday night.More than 100 guests were invited for the wedding weekend, which started on Friday with a rehearsal dinner at the Ventana Inn and Spa.A nearby private estate was secured for the ceremony, People magazine reported. Valentino provided a custom gown, the designer confirmed last week.According to a source, the wedding decor was inspired by nature, with many branches used to create a ceremony and reception to blend in with the majestic Big Sur surroundings.The couple, who have been together for four years, got engaged last November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607344", "title": "Two boys drown during Ganesh immersion", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ganesh Visarjan ended in tragedy for two boys, in their early twenties, from Jahangirpuri who drowned in the Yamuna at a ghat near ISBT, Kashmere Gate, even as those accompanying them cried helplessly to save the duo. While the boys drowned in the absence of mandatory arrangements like danger markings, police vigil, rescue boats and divers, the authorities were visibly unprepared for the crowds arriving for immersion.The body of one of the victims, a 20-year-old, was fished out later in the evening while the divers were still on the lookout for the other boy. Those accompanying the boys identified them as Sonu and Bunty. There were reports of at least two other persons being swept into the water at different ghats. However, they were learnt to have been saved in time by the divers on the boats later in the evening.Senior officials of Delhi government's revenue department claimed they had no prior information from Delhi Police about the need for arrangements in anticipation of arrival of crowds. The first calls made by the police seeking intervention for rescue arrangements were not before 4.30 pm, officials said. By then the crowds had started swelling and the police were clearly overwhelmed by the situation.A senior government official pointed that enough boats were available and had the police informed them in advance about the possibility of the crowds getting into the river, these boats could have been deployed at all important points between Wazirabad and ISBT earlier. The crowds gathered at various ghats, like Sonia Vihar and ITO and other points along the river.The TOI photographer witnessed the drowning at the ghat near ISBT. Around 4.30 pm, the crowd had started to swell. The devotees poured in, dancing and beating drums, along with the idols for immersion. Suddenly, a group of people started running into the water shouting for help. As people went closer, it turned out that two boys from Jahangirpuri had been swept away. A lone constable stood at a distance and his arrival was of little help. A police team reached the spot only 20 minutes after the two had disappeared in the water, and the rescue boats arrived sometime later. The friends and relatives of the two kept pleading with the officials present there that divers be asked to go down to search for the boys but there were no divers.It was only later in the evening that the body of the 20-year-old was fished out. A search was on for the other boy. TOI found there were no markings to indicate the danger level. For instance, at the two ghats near ISBT, one side was shallow where most people were immersing the idols and the other side was deep. Most people were going by a rough estimate of the depth.According to top officials in the state government, in case of Chath Pooja there is a state committee and arrangements are monitored by all deputy commissioners from the districts. Ganesh Puja has only recently become popular in Delhi and hence there is still no action plan in place. Despite repeated calls, DCP North Sindhu Pillai was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16607665", "title": "HC OKs Raj Bhavan order for probe into Nilamber Pitamber University affairs", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Decks have now been cleared for the probe into the alleged irregularities in Nilamber Pitamber University affairs.Sources said the Jharkhand high court had approved a Raj Bhavan proposal which asked principal district and sessions judge (PDJ) V K Sahay to conduct the probe.Earlier, Raj Bhavan wrote to the registrar general of the high court seeking approval for the services of the judge to probe the NPU affairs.Sahay could not have started the investigation without the approval of the high court.A fax from the high court said, \"The high court has been pleased to accord concurrence for making available the services of the PDJ Palamu in capacity of one member committee for investigating the allegations levelled against the pro-VC.\" The fax reached the Palamu civil court on Friday.Sahay on Saturday confirmed the receipt of the high court order.\"Probe has been initiated following a complaint lodged by the VC of NPU against the pro-VC with the Raj Bhavan on 31.8.2012,\" said Sahay.When asked that earlier he had told TOI that the probe was initiated on the complaint lodged by the pro-VC against the VC, Sahay said the acts of both the VC and the pro-VC were to be investigated by him.\"There was some confusion but now the matter is clear and the probe is on the complaint of VC against the pro-VC,\" sahay added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16607617", "title": "Woman delivers in ambulance", "text": "CHENNAI: A 20-year-old woman delivered a girl inside an ambulance on the way to a hospital on Friday. The 108 ambulance was taking her to a primary health centre in Medavakkam when her labour pains increased.Paramedical staff in the ambulance assisted her, police said. Sellapakkiam from Karim Nagar in Palavakkam was due for admission to hospital for delivery but she developed labour pains on Friday evening.Her husband Arasu, a labourer, called 108 emergency ambulance. An ambulance from Sholinganallur picked her up from her house and rushed her to the health centre. Her pain intensified near Perumbakkam.The mother and child were taken to a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16611068", "title": "Prabal Gurung will not dress bimbos", "text": "The Nepalese-American fashion designer has turned Hollywood divas and first ladies into goddesses with his creations. Here, he tells Nona Walia why some things are best left to the imagination.He's been crowned as fashion's new star. New Yorkbased fashion designer Prabal Gurung has been getting some royal treatment for the past couple of years. The Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton , wore his purple-printed wool and silk-blend Oriental print dress on her recent visit to Singapore. His latest collection at the New York Fashion Week had A-listers like actresses Kate Bosworth , Hailee Steinfeld , Zoe Saldana , at the front row, in his stunning outfits.The prestigious Parson School of Designgraduate has dressed the current first lady of the US, Michelle Obama (twice) and former first lady, Barbara Bush , apart from Oprah Winfrey , Demi Moore, Cate Blanchett , Gwyneth Paltrow , Carrey Mulligan and Kate Bosworth, among others. Gurung was recently listed by Time magazine as fashion's new phenomenon, even as Anna Wintour , fashion world's most formidable magazine editor, personally went up to congratulate him after his recent New York Fashion Week collection. The humble 38-year-old designer, who stared off with Indian designer Manish Arora in Delhi, before moving to the Big Apple only has praise for his mentors, Arora and Donna Karan. His fashion funda is quite simple: \"Keep the perfect balance between fabric and cuts, and look dignified\". Excerpts from an interview:The Duchess of Cambridge wore your outfit recently in Singapore. She seems to have put a US label back on the global map...Kate Middleton's fashion choices are revered around the world. Every move she makes is under a microscope and she has undoubtedly affected businesses in such a positive way.When high-profile women like Sarah Jessica Parker , Demi Moore and Lady Gaga wear your outfits, does that change things for you?Yes. We live in a world that allows us to access images almost immediately. So when people see these women dressed in my creations, they really do take notice.You've been quoted as saying \u2014 \"girls who wear certain kind of dresses, who show certain areas of the body, are not going to like my clothes\". In fact, you openly say, you don't dress bimbos. What kind of women do you like to dress?I will never dress people who are famous for being famous. I've said this before. I do not design clothes that leave little to the imagination. I want to make women feel beautiful, confident and feminine, and dress them in a way that compliments their figure and their personality rather than detracting from it.You've been brought up in Nepal, worked in Delhi \u2014 do you have Asian/Indian influences in your work?Being exposed to different cultures has helped shape my aesthetics. Living in Nepal and India has exposed me to an endless array of beautiful colours, fabrics and silhouettes. This season, my resort collection in particular, was inspired by Anish Kapoor's art, which brought eastern influences to the collection.You talk about the earliest influence on your fashion aesthetics being around your mother's shop in Nepal. How did it influence your aesthetics?As a boy, I was intrigued by everything my mother did. Growing up, I was inspired by my time spent in her shop but more than anything, I was motivated by her hard work and overall personality. She has such a unique style and she exudes strength, which to me is one of the most admirable qualities in a woman.What was the turning point in your career, the thing that made you the darling of the fashion industry?A huge part of my success is due to the support I have received from the industry. Being a New York-based designer and a CFDA (Council of Fashion Designers of America) member has opened many doors and led to such incredible relationships. It also helped that my designs quickly made it to the red carpet.Any tips for women who want to turn into goddesses?Listen to the sound of your own voice over all others, and live by it. It will get you further in life.How has your style evolved?Fashion is ultimately about evolution. It's ever-changing and I strive to keep my collections focused, and continue to finetune each season.What about your personal style?My personal style is quite simple: T-shirt and jeans.Tips for Indian womenFor his loose-fitting summer collection this season, Gurung's inspiration was India. The fashion designer who has been praised for finding the perfect balance, combining feminine cuts with structured lines, gives a few fashion tips inspired by his 2013 collection.Avoid skin show Wear loose clothes Wear layered tunic over pants to camouflage flabby areas Discover sensuality by wearing clothes that skim the body; tight clothes are a big no-no.Don't highlight the waist, cover it for easy and comfortable movement Indian women can teach the world about looking good in traditional attire Purple &amp; vermillion are the hot colours in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16613598", "title": "Centre proposes Brahmaputra River Valley Authority", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Centre has proposed the setting up of Brahmaputra River Valley Authority (BRVA) in place of the Brahmaputra Board to deal with water management, flood and related issues in the north-eastern region, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi said on Sunday.\"They (Centre) have sought our (Assam's) opinion. We are totally for the Brahmaputra River Valley Authority and I hope all the states of the region would join it,\" he said here.\"A proposal in this regard has been made by the Centre. As per the proposal, the Union water resources minister would chair the body and all chief ministers of the north eastern states would be vice-chairmen,\" he said.Besides the problem of dealing with floods, the body would also act as an umbrella organisation where the Centre and all states of the region would pool resources and expertise to tackle issues related to land reclamation, irrigation and erosion.Apart from Brahmaputra and its tributaries, the BRVA would also deal with the Barak and other rivers in the region and is likely to come in handy at a time when the proposed North-East Water Resources Authority is yet to take off due to opposition from some quarters.He asked for cooperation at an international level with China, Bhutan and Bangladesh for a comprehensive solution to the problems of flood, erosion and water management in the north-east.On the current wave of floods in Assam, Gogoi said 26,000 villages in 20 districts and 29.14 lakh people have been affected.\"Over 3.62 lakh flood-affected people still remain at camps. For those who may have to remain in camps for some more time, we have decided to provide them with garments, health food and tents,\" he said.Gogoi said while flood is an annual problem for Assam, the state had lost over four lakh hectares over past few years due to erosion by Brahmaputra.Regarding loss of crops, he said \"I have asked the agriculture department to identify the flood prone areas where we will henceforth encourage planting of water-resistant varieties of paddy.\"Besides, we will from now undertake roads and other infrastructure projects in such a manner that the natural flow of water is not hindered,\" he said adding the state government would also undertake a big afforestation drive in the flood prone areas.Gogoi said flood relief and mitigation work would be undertaken as per plans prepared at district levels as all areas have different needs.Assam government wants to gain international expertise, specially from Japan which has a record in disaster management.Taking a dig at the opposition parties, he said \"People have criticised me for visiting foreign countries. But I do not go for joy rides. There are a lot of things to learn from other places.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata/haldia", "code": "16608183", "title": "Abduction claim muddles port crisis", "text": "KOLKATA/HALDIA: The Kolkata Port crisis took an unexpected turn on Saturday, with an officer alleging kidnap and his superiors accusing him of trying to instigate tension.Ramakant Burman, a junior assistant manager (administration), at the Haldia Dock Complex, has accused Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) chairman Manish Jain and an unnamed Rajya Sabha MP of plotting his \"kidnap\".Jain strongly denied the charge and said that Burman was transferred to Kolkata and then suspended after intelligence reports said he was fomenting trouble in the docks.Burman, who is also the secretary of Haldia Dock Officers Forum (HDOF), says he was kidnapped on September 23. But he filed the complaint six days later, on Saturday.Burman says he was picked up from Cluster-4 in the Haldia Township residential area around 1.45pm and taken in a white SUV to a flat near Hatiberia railway station.\"The kidnappers snatched my mobile phones and took me before a group who threatened me with dire consequences if I continued with the agitation on the issue of cargo handling at Berths 2 and 8 at HDC. This group included a Rajya Sabha MP having business interests at HDC and KoPT chairman Manish Jain,\" Burman said in his FIR.\"I was shocked to see our chairman. It appeared that he had come from Kolkata in his 'morning walk dress' in a hurry to threaten me. On hearing of the incident, some port officers and union leaders reached the spot and I was freed,\" the FIR said.Jain reacted strongly to this. \"The allegation that I was present is absurd. I wonder what took him so long to lodge an FIR if he was really threatened. I am surprised that he is still in Haldia as he was transferred to Kolkata on Wednesday and subsequently suspended. I have a report from the East Midnapore district intelligence branch, which states that Ramakant Burman is taking advantage of the situation and instigating HDC workers for his personal gain. Now that he has lodged an FIR, it is for the police to look into the matter,\" he said.Haldia SDPO Amitava Maity said they are investigating Burman's complaint.Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd had earlier threatened to suspend operations at Berths 2 and 8. The KoPT management could prevent this but work at the two berths has been suspended since last week. HBT lodged an FIR on Friday alleging that its workers and some port employees were attacked. The port management denies that any such incident happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16608188", "title": "26-year-old youth hangs himself", "text": "PATNA: A youth, Aman Prakash Narayan alias Vicky Kumar (26), the adopted son of one Prabhu Rai, committed suicide by hanging himself with the ceiling of his room at Goriya Toli under Kotwali police station on Saturday morning.Kotwali police station SHO Aman Kumar said one of the tenants saw him hanging in the morning and informed the police. He said Vicky was in depression and as per the locals, he had consumed poison about a month back also. No suicide note was recovered from Vicky's room, the SHO added.Judicial custody: Five youths charged with raping a minor girl in the house of Jharkhand MLA Rajendra Singh, located on road number 13 at Patel Nagar here, on Thursday night, were remanded to judicial custody on Saturday.It may be mentioned here that the Shastrinagar police had arrested five youths - Niraj Kumar, Purushottam Rout, Tulsi Rout, Ravi and Ranjit Kumar - on Friday.Shastrinagar police station SHO Vidyasagar said the arrested youths were produced before the court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Patna, on Saturday, who remanded them to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16606880", "title": "Sitamber: The harbinger of torment", "text": "\"The leaves of brown came tumblin' down, rememberIn September in the rain.The sun went out, just like a dying emberThat September in the rain.\"-- Frank Sinatra, September in the Rain (lyrics: Warren &amp; Dubin)The mere mention of September, which ends today, sends shivers down the spine of residents of Hyderabad who wait, fingers crossed and breath abated, praying for the cursed month to end as soon as it has begun. So ingrained on their mind are tragedies brought on by Septembers past that colloquially the month is referred to as 'Sitamber'- the harbinger of torment. Golconda fell to Mughal forces in the September of 1687. It was also a bleak day of September in 1911 when the mortal remains of Mahboob Ali Pasha, the 'beloved' Nizam of Hyderabad, were laid to rest at Mecca Masjid.The most devastating of the September calamities however, was the great flood of 1908 which left in its wake an unprecedented tale of sorrow and misery. On September 28 of that year, the Musi broke its banks and inundated the city. By the time the river receded, large tracts along its bank had been denuded of life and property. The toll as per a chronogram written to mark the tragedy claimed that 52 localities had been swept away leaving over 2,00,000 people dead or homeless. The Nizam, Mir Mahboob Ali Khan, was so moved by the tragedy that when on the following day 'he rode out to see the scene of desolation in the city, his eyes were streaming and he could not speak'. This rare public display of emotions has been recorded for posterity by Sarojini Naidu in her poem 'The Tears of Asif'.The Nizam's immediate reaction was to reach out to his people. Opening up the palaces to his beloved subjects, he ordered communal kitchens to be set up to feed the hapless public and initiated large scale relief measures. Over succeeding years, Mahboob and his successor Osman Ali Khan galvanized the state and its people to action. Not merely satisfied with rebuilding the ravaged city, they set about with exemplary zeal to capitalize on the tragic destruction by implementing development schemes which transformed the decaying metropolis into one of the most envied abodes of mankind. The restructuring also put in place a unique flood control system which delivered the city from the perennial threat of inundation by the recalcitrant Musi.With time the memories of the great flood receded and few remembered the destruction that this now chastised waterway, flowing right through the midst of their city, had wrecked in times gone by. Complacency set in and over time nefarious elements, with the active support of unscrupulous politicians, indulged in encroachments right onto the river bed. The trend speeded up after the administration itself joined in the plunder; first clearing a thick tamarind grove to establish a bus terminus and then dumping millions of tons of garbage into the Musi before covering it up by forming a garden. Thereafter began the never ending exercise of creating promenades along both banks.Touted as the 'Save Musi Project' to pre-empt any public protest demanding genuine safeguards for the beleaguered river, the project has achieved little other than a further reduction of its drainage capacity. Time and again nature has presaged against the fallacy of challenging its might. Instances when massive inflows into the balancing reservoirs resulted in discharge of significant amounts of water into the river have as yet failed to induce remedial action.The earliest warning came in 1971 when the Musi, with its lost glory momentarily regained, was seen flowing majestically once again; her level within a few feet of the crenellations crowning the embankments. To jog short-lived memories, there was a repeat performance as recently as a decade back. Despite these ample warnings, the city has failed to pay heed and no serious attempt was ever made to keep the river's course free of obstructions.The vagaries of nature can never be fully comprehended and it is always prudent to respect the elements. Rivers and streams drain vast areas and can be ordered about only within reasonable limits.The Musi is a disaster waiting to happen for a repeat of the chain of events leading up to the 1908 disaster is not beyond the realm of possibility. It would only be prudent to clear the river of all encroachments and keep its course free for any eventuality. Till then the people of Hyderabad better keep their fingers crossed, praying that each September passes off without any calamity.(The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606812", "title": "37 trains cancelled", "text": "HYDERABAD: The South Central Railway (SCR) on Saturday cancelled 37 trains and regular MMTS services on Sunday stating \"operational reasons\". However, it appears like the railway authorities cancelled the trains fearing trouble during the 'Chalo Hyderabad' protest scheduled for Sunday.SCR, in an official release issued here, announced cancellation of 12 express trains and 25 passenger trains. Sixteen trains arriving in the city were amongst the cancelled trains, while seven trains were partially cancelled. MMTS services between Falaknuma and Lingampalli are also cancelled, but officials announced that special MMTS services would run in the early hours of Sunday on the account of Ganesh immersion. SCR maintained that the cancellations were due to operational reasons, but refused to elaborate on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "16608708", "title": "'Load shedding inevitable, will get worse by summer'", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: If the frequent load shedding in the district is anything to go by, power situation is likely to be grim during next year's summer and will continue to be so till monsoon.Mescom executive engineer C S Vijayakumar said the district required 90 megawatts of power everyday, but only received 52-58 megawatts, making three to four hour long power cuts inevitable.Load shedding is monitored by the Karnataka Electricity Regulatory Authority.When demand increases, the KERC informs the 220KV stations to switch off supply to some sub-stations, if this is not then the stations will automatically stop supply on that line to avoid grid collapse, Vijaykumar explained.In urban areas, Mescom has been cutting power supply from morning 7 am to 9 am and in the evening from 8 pm to 9 pm. Rural areas are being supplied six hours of three-phase supply and six hours single-phase power supply, and there is no power supply for the remaining 12 hours in the day.However, Karnataka Raitha Sangha leader Gurushanthappa complained that power supply in rural places had been erratic. Mescom's assurance that they would provide six hours of three-phase power to farmers for irrigating their land has not been kept. Mescom provides three-phase power during midnight and farmers cannot stay up every night to switch on their pumpsets, he said.He added that students were the worst-hit by power disruptions and kerosene lamps have made a comeback in rural households. Shashidhar, another farmer, said fridge, mixers and washing machines had become decorative items in their houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16608860", "title": "Students oppose corporal punishment in schools", "text": "BHOPAL: Students vehemently opposed corporal punishment in schools and demanded that it be done away with. The school students expressed their views at a debate on the topic 'should corporal punishment be allowed in schools' held at the state-level convention of the school forums was organized by the Child Rights Observatory (CRO) on Saturday.Speaking on the occasion educationist Dr Uday Jain said, \"All forms of punishment have been banned under the Right to Education (RTE) Act. Hence it is a challenge for today's teachers on how they should impart education to students without punishing them.\"Secretary of CRO Nirmala Buch said, \"Children are not only the future but are also citizens of today. Hence it is essential that they should participate in various programmes and issues related to them. It is important to create an environment both in schools and at home where the child should not be punished in any form.\"\"Child rights forums in schools offer a platform to students where they can voice their issues and concerns,\" said UNICEF communication officer Anil Gulati.Selected students were also felicitated for their essays, paintings and debate. Students from Bhopal , Indore, Itarsi, Hoshangabad, Harda, Betul, Rewa and Rajgarh districts participated in the convention.Various issues focusing on child rights were discussed whereby students of the school forums participated in the events held. As per the UNICEF convention on the rights of child, participation rights are also essential. The convention held on Saturday focused on the same.In the month of September, students had written essays, made posters and paintings on topics like cleanliness, harmful effects of drugs, corporal punishment, sports, news relevant to children etc. on Saturday at Gandhi Bhavan, 120 paintings were put up for display. Around 50 essays were also recited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16608173", "title": "Fall in 4-wheeler sales a blip?", "text": "PATNA: In line with the national trend of lower four-wheeler sales in August this year compared to the corresponding month last year, the state capital has also witnessed a fall in their sales. However, local vehicle dealers hope that this will prove a blip in the trend of growing sales.According to the figures provided by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), there has been about a 19% dip in four-wheeler sales in the country in August this year. In the state capital, however, the fall in sales has been much more muted at 3.2%.\"In 2011, altogether 1,071 four-wheelers (cars and jeeps) were registered at the district transport office (DTO), Patna, in August, but this year, in the same month, this number has fallen to 990,\" said Dinesh Kumar Rai, district transport officer, Patna.Various four-wheeler showroom owners attribute the dip in sales to 'Kharmas' season. Narendra Kumar , director of a Maruti showroom located at Rajapur, explained, \"Kharmas is considered an unauspicious time to buy anything. Even otherwise, vehicle sales in August is low. Last year, we had sold over 300 cars during this month, but this year it has gone down to around 240.\"Expressing hope that with the festival season approaching, sales would perk up and make up for the decline, Kumar said, \"This Diwali, Maruti is coming up with its new model and we hope sales will pick up soon.\"The sale figures of Hyundai reveal a similar trend. Amitesh Sinha, sales manager, Hyundai, said, \"Last year, between July and September, we sold 318 four-wheelers, but this year it is just 295.\"But if the sale figures over a broad period are taken into account, the craze for four-wheelers does not seem to have gone down in the state. Compared to last year, the number of four-wheelers (cars and jeeps) registered in Patna district has increased by 7.2% this year.According to the data available at DTO, Patna, as many as 15,250 four-wheelers were registered between September 2010 and August 2011, while between September 2011 and August 2012 this number swelled to 15,546. Apparently, a jam-packed city, increased registration cost which is two per cent for vehicles costing above Rs 4 lakh and one per cent for vehicles priced below Rs 4 lakh, an increase of one per cent in VAT and even fuel price hike have failed to impact the sales.Utility vehicles (UVs) continue to be in good demand. While there is a dip of 141 in the number of cars registered at DTO in August this year compared to last year, the number of UVs registered increased by 60 units. In 2011, as many as 952 cars were registered at DTO in August, while it has fallen to 811 in the same month this year. The number of UVs registered in August last year was 119, which has swelled to 179 in the corresponding month this year.Anirban Das, proprietor of a Mahindra Showroom, said, \"In Bihar , it seems the craze for utility vehicles will not go down even for a month. Compared to last year, sales of Mahindra SUVs during April to August this year went up by 16%.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607776", "title": "Advantage Vid deferred to January", "text": "NAGPUR: Advantage Vidarbha, a proposed event to showcase Nagpur and the region as an industrial and investment destination would now be scaled up to global level, district guardian minister Shivajrao Moghe announced here on Saturday. At a recent review meeting with state industries department, it was decided to defer the event from the earlier proposed date of November 23-24 to January next, said Moghe.Accordingly, the state industries secretary Manukumar Shrivastav has assured the minister that a government notification will be issued within a fortnight on the event. \"For a global level conference with exposition and fairs on the sidelines, more time would be needed to work out details, to invite global players. The notification which would fix responsibility of various departments for the event will be issued soon,\" said Moghe.Meanwhile, the guardian minister held a series of meetings on Saturday. At a meeting with industrial associations and trade bodies, it was suggested that industrial plots be reserved for automobile units that have large employment potential. The minister was also urged to remove all special provisions to promote coal-based power units as the region already has too many of them. Units that have registered and got lands at MIDC estates but failed to start business, should be asked to return the land, they said.The minister who also holds charge of de-addiction department, said on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti rallies would be taken out in every district on the theme. The first ever 'sahitya sammelan' (literary meet) on de-addiction will also be held on that day in Pune which will be presided over by Governor K Sankarnarayanan. He has also been informed by the state education department, that nine lessons on de-addiction are now part of curriculum for Std V to XII.The historical Zero Mile will be developed as a tourist spot with a new befitting structure to be built by the NMC. Earlier one developed by the NIT was not found up to the mark, said Moghe. For the proposed museum on freedom fighters, land is being scouted after the heritage committee objected to its location near the Zero Mile. A plot near T-point Sitabuldi and another near Mayo Hospital on Central Avenue have been shortlisted, said Moghe, adding \"The collector will take a final decision and prepare a project report for it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16608382", "title": "Prime Minister's daughter in Trichy to explore temple heritage", "text": "TRICHY: Upinder Singh, the eldest daughter of Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh , and her husband Vijay Tankha came to Trichy on Saturday morning and visited the three famous temples and the Grand Anaicut, Kallanai. They will continue to Thanjavur from Trichy on Sunday morning.The couple landed in Trichy railway junction around 6.30 am on Saturday by a Madurai Express train. They drove straightaway to Circuit House in Trichy amid security from the Special Protection Group (SPG) and the local police. Following a brief stay at Circuit House, their trip started with a visit at the Rockfort temple around 8.30 am. They climbed the steps and reached atop the hill, capturing scenes all along with their camera. They worshipped Sri Uchipillaiyar and Sri Thayumanaswamy on the hill. After finishing their visit in Rockfort temple, they descended after more than one-and-a-half hours. Then they proceeded to the Srirangam Ranganathaswamy temple around 11 am.Srirangam temple executive officer (EO) S Kalyani and other officials welcomed the guests of honour and arranged for a special darshan. \"Both of them were inquisitive about the sculptures and structures of the temple, which dates back many eras. They enjoyed visiting the 'Thousand Pillar hall'. We arranged for a translator to explain the features of the temple in Hindi. They had already done research on this subject before coming here,\" Kalyani told TOI.Their next trip was to Thiruvanaikaval Sri Jambukeshwarar temple. They had darshan in the temple and left for Circuit House around 12.30 pm. After a short stay there, they visited Grand Anaicut in Kallanai around 5 pm.They will visit Thanjavur on Sunday morning and reach Chennai by October 5 after visiting Chidambaram, Cuddalore and Kancheepuram, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16607680", "title": "Weatherman says it will be a wet Sunday", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai and other northern parts of the state will remain cool and wet on Sunday as a low pressure formation over the Bay of Bengal is likely to bring heavy spells of rain. The weatherman said it could well be experienced as a precursor to the north-east monsoon which is expected to set in by the second week of October.\"A well-marked low pressure has been found over the central region of the Bay of Bengal and its neighborhood. This brings rain to the northern parts of Tamil Nadu including Chennai and Puducherry. A few parts of southern Tamil Nadu are also likely to get rain from the low pressure formation,\" a Met official said.Weather forecasts on Saturday evening showed likelihood of heavy and isolated rainfall in the next 24 hours. \"It may be heavy, but inconsistent in its frequency. We cannot predict the character of its movements,\" said the official. The maximum day temperature is likely to remain below 33Celsius for four more days.Chennaiites work up to a pleasant Saturday. The downcast sky allowed people to take a leisurely walk by the beach, but the evening remained sultry because of high humidity. The city will have to wait for two more weeks to get steady rains. \"Rains are welcome, but not the power cuts, sewage overflow and flooded roads,\" said Tanushri Sriram, a marketing professional.\"The northeast monsoon, earlier known as the 'retreating southwest monsoon season' is the main rain season for the city. Coastal districts including Chennai normally get nearly 60% of the annual rainfall and the interior districts get about 40-50% of the annual rainfall during this period,\" said a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16608632", "title": "Manager stops mall bouncer from \u2018free\u2019 movie, gets thrashed", "text": "LUDHIANA: Stopping one of the bouncers from entertaining his friend to a ticketless movie cost a Ferozepur Road- multiplex manager dear on Friday night, when he was thrashed for doing so.\"The police registered a case against Sukha and his accomplices on the complaint of the manager Ajay Rawal,\" said assistant sub-inspector Balkar Singh, the investigation officer for the case.Rawal told police that he had reported to his bosses that a friend of Sukha was watching a movie without ticket. \"The bouncers threatened me with dire consequences, but I ignored the threats. After I left work on Friday night, they stopped my car on the slip road near Hotel Park Plaza and they beat me up,\" Rawal told the police.He said the accused, who were around 10 to 12 in number, damaged his car and snatched his gold chain too.\"I want the culprits to be arrested so that goons are discouraged from harassing people,\" said the manager, who suffered bruises and cuts.The ASI said they registered an FIR under sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 341 (wrongful restraint), 356 (assault or criminal force in attempt to commit theft of property), 427 (mischief causing damage to the amount of Rs 50), 148 (rioting, armed with deadly weapon) and 149 (participating in unlawful assembly guilty of offence committed in prosecution of common object) of the IPC.\"We are conducting raids to nab Sukha, who is the only identified accused among those who thrashed the manager,\" said the ASI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16607490", "title": "Madras university revises syllabi", "text": "CHENNAI: The University of Madras has upgraded the curriculum and syllabi of some undergraduate and postgraduate courses to incorporate current developments in respective fields. This is the first time that inputs have been taken from students, alumni of the respective departments and industry experts.The syllabus is expected to be revised once in three to four years, but academics say a few courses were not revised for more than 10 years. As a result most students graduate after studying outdated content. Industry sources said this is a reason for the high unemployability among graduates.On Saturday, the academic council approved revisions in BSc Zoology, BSc Advanced Zoology and Biotechnology, BSc Microbiology, and BSc Chemistry courses. New concepts have been incorporated in MSc Botany, MSc Applied Microbiology, MSc Mathematics and MA Economics and Business Economics.\"Syllabus change is needed to get quality teachers and students. Frequesnt changes will make the syllabus job-oriented and on par with global standards,\" said university vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam.Changes have also been made to the BCom (Hons) and MCom courses, faculty members said. Head of the commerce department Professor S Gurusamy said that foreign direct investment, logistics and supply chain management have been introduced in the BCom programme, while concepts such as financial services and stock markets have been introduced in the MCom programme as many students are employed in these fields.The academic council also approved an increase in the remuneration for evaluation of answer papers. Council member C V Chittibabu said faculty members had made representations over the last five years to increase the remuneration from 9 to 15 per paper.The council also discussed the issue of amending the university regulations regarding the eligibility of faculty members of MSIT and BSc Electronics courses in affiliated colleges. More than 30 faculty members recently met the VC after a circular was sent to colleges saying the faculty recruited for these two courses before 2009 either meet the UGC 2010 requirement or leave their jobs.Several council members voiced their support for the faculty members saying some of them had been in service for about 15 years and hence could not be sacked. The VC referred the matter again to the board of studies to consider the situation of the faculty members before they clear the final semester papers of the MCA course for MSIT faculty and MSc Electronics course for BSc Electronics faculty members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607130", "title": "Corruption biggest challenge before nation, says RSS chief", "text": "JAIPUR: The chief of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), Mohan Bhagwat, on the second day of the organisation's Chaitanya Shivir in Jamdoli on the city outskirts on Saturday, highlighted corruption as the major issue facing the nation.Addressing 8,000 volunteers of the organization from the Jaipur region, Bhagwat, during the formal inaugural session of its camp, spoke openly over the issue for the first time. \"Corruption is the biggest challenge we face today,'' said Bhagwat, adding that those who are involved in corrupt practices are elected to power by the voters.\"Crowds show up in support of Baba Ramdev and Anna Hazare but when it comes to elections, caste plays a major role. Will the voters go beyond regionalism, caste etc. and vote in elections?'' said Bhagwat.According to sources, the RSS chief's speech was a clear give away about corruption being a major issue for the organisation in the future.Bhagwat also focused on social engineering and the role of RSS pracharaks in it. He said that there was a need to get those from the backward classes into the mainstream of the society. \"Everybody has to work together to ensure a strong and ideal society and unless we all work together, we cannot talk about a strong nation. One has to think beyond regionalism and casteism,'' he added. He said that noble men don't make a strong nation but the efforts of the common man help make a strong nation and noble men.For thousands of RSS volunteers at the camp, Bhagwat advised not to waste their energy shouting away during the campaign but conserve it for the day the nation needs it the most. \"You should aim at your target like Arjun who had nothing in view except for what he was aiming at,'' said Bhagwat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16608121", "title": "Give facelift to Karisath station, railways told", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Ex-servicemen League president Col (retd) V K Singh has urged the railway administration of Danapur division under East Central Railway (ECR) to give a facelift to Karisath station. This nondescript station has gained importance in the Indian Army as natives of Karisath village have made their mark in it.Singh said the Army has declared 2012 as the year of veterans. He added, \"Bihar has been a centre place for recruitment of soldiers since pre-independence era, hence the welfare of ex-army men and serving soldiers must be taken on priority basis. Though Bihar and central governments have taken a few steps, much more needs to be done.\" The League president urged the railway administration to provide better amenities to passengers at Karisath and prominently display the plaque put up in the memory of martyrs at the station premises.Col (retd) Singh told TOI 150 natives of Karisath village are currently serving in the Army while the number of ex-servicemen is about 500 so far. \"In Punjab, it is the duty of the Army units to take care of memorials of the martyrs. Deeds of bravery of Karisath soldiers must not be buried with the passage of time,\" he said, adding the Army should hold a rally at Karisath to recruit more jawans from this village.Singh stated 53 soldiers of this village had participated in the World War I , out of whom six were killed. Soldiers of Karisath also fought against the German empire in three contingents located in Germany East, Egypt, Gallipoli and Mesopotamia. The name of a valiant soldier of Karisath village, Haridas, pioneer no 296605, is still inscribed along with other martyrs at the Imphal Cremation Memorial, Col (retd) Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607772", "title": "Tainted PI Arun Rautwar suspended", "text": "NAGPUR: Senior inspector Arun Rautwar of Sonegaon police station was placed under suspension from Friday. Rautwar was caught red-handed while accepting bribe of Rs 25,000 in his police station by the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB).Now, in ACB custody till October 1, Rautwar's suspension had raised much speculation as city police was waiting for the reports from the agency which caught the senior PI. It is learnt that ACB had already informed the city police about the trap and also sent preliminary information regarding the action. The ACB will table a detail report about Rautwar's case next week.Rautwar had demanded Rs two lakh from the family of fraud accused Kanchan Mudgal who is former marketing executive with the DY Patil International School at Mihan. Mudgal and others were booked in a fraud case by Sonegaon police. Police team led by Rautwar had also arrested Mudgal earlier. Rautwar was demanding bribe to give his say before the court in Mudgal's favour during his bail plea hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16606746", "title": "India engages with stakeholders on Afghanistan\u2019s future", "text": "NEW DELHI: Afghanistan has dominated discussions between India and other countries in New York this week, said official sources.In the backdrop of the US and Afghan forces no longer fighting together and Nato forces' withdrawal looming large, Afghanistan convened a meeting of the P-5 countries, India, Pakistan and others at the UN Security Council to brief them about the Afghan situation in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in progress. Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai represented India at the meeting which discussed the future of the war-torn nation after 2014.Mathai held a bilateral meeting with the US' AfPak envoy, Marc Grossman, on Wednesday following the first trilateral meeting with Afghanistan. Besides Mathai and Grossman, the trilateral was attended by Afghan deputy foreign minister, Jawad Ludin.Official sources said on September 24, the states involved in the Istanbul process reviewed the current status of the seven action points that had been agreed upon. India was responsible for bringing together chambers of commerce, for which it organized a moderately successful investors' summit here.On September 25, the first trilateral meeting of the US, India and Afghanistan was convened by Ludin. Grossman led the US team, while Yash Sinha and Jawed Ashraf \u2014 joint secretaries in charge of the US and Afghanistan \u2014 led the Indian delegation. This was the first time that the three governments took a non-blinkered view of Afghanistan's future.Official sources said they agreed to work together on several aspects, including combating terrorism and an increased intelligence cooperation among the three countries. Both India and the US have strategic partnerships with Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16613430", "title": "I don\u2019t mind doing a cameo in Puneet\u2019s film: Sirish", "text": "A quick look at Sirish and he could well pass off for resembling his brother, Allu Arjun. But Sirish comes from an all new youth brigade unlike his counterparts. For starters, the Telugu lad is making a bilingual debut in Tamil and Telugu with Gouravam. And more importantly, it's no mass commercial movie that you'd expect Sirish to do. The film, directed by Radha Mohan and that has Sirish and Yami Gautam in lead roles is a social drama. Excerpts from the interview...About Gouravam... Sirish, we hear, was clear that he didn't want a regular fanfare launch. \"I wanted to prove myself in my first film itself and that's one of the reasons I took up the project. It has a human element to it and Radha sir gave me so much freedom while filming. Every scene in the movie has gone through several workshops and it's good to come prepared for the shoot,\" says Sirish.On Kannada cinema Though Sirish has watched only a couple of Kannada films, he is quite stunned by the kind of movies that Sandalwood has to offer. He says, \"I follow director Yogaraj Bhat's movies and his style of filmmaking is thoroughly different. Films such as Pancharangi , Mungaru Male are some of my favorites.\" So will he take up a Kannada project, if an offer comes by? \"Of course! Even if it's a cameo in Puneet or Sudeep anna's film, I am ready to take it up!\" says Sirish.Bollywood plans While his cousin Ram Charan Tej is making his debut in B-town this year, his fellow co-stars Rana Daggubatti , Madhu Shalini, Lakshmi Manchu have already gotten a taste of Hindi films. Is he looking at B-wood too? He says, \"B-town is not new to me as we have produced a couple of Hindi films and I have also worked on the production side. Nevertheless, I am not keen on looking at Hindi films currently. Let me first find my grip in South cinema, before I take a leap. In fact, there is so much to do here!\"Bros is arms While Sirish looks up to his uncle Chiranjeevi for his inspiration, he also takes advice from his brother. \"Arjun has given me a lot of tips, especially tricks to face the camera. However, he always says that an actor should learn by himself. In fact, he advices me not to prepare too well for my film as he believes that an actor's natural style will not evolve,\" he says. While Arjun is yet to make his K-town debut, Sirish is one notch higher when it comes to the two-deal launch. Sirish laughs, \"I pull his leg saying that he could introduce himself as Sirish's brother in K-town.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "16608206", "title": "Purnia MP's Vedana rally today", "text": "PURNIA: If all the stops are being pulled out to make the 'Vedana Pradarshan' rally of Purnia BJP MP Uday Singh at Rangbhumi Maidan on Sunday a humongous success, CM Nitish Kumar is no less hogging the political space for his 'Adhikar Yatra' at Kishanganj the same day.While the CM has been crusading for the pride and rightful claims of Bihar , the Purnia MP's rally is an attempt to expose the chinks in the government machinery which failed to deliver the benefits of the government schemes at the grassroots levels in Purnia district.The aim of Vedana rally might be quite laudable but it has brought the fissures between the two constituents of the NDA - the JD(U) and BJP - to the fore.\"The 'Vedana Pradarshan' is simply apolitical, and the BJP MP has no political axe to grind as such. He has only tried to focus on the myriad problems faced by the people at the grassroots level,\" says district BJP secretary Anant Bharati. The rally intends to highlight how the government machinery distorts things though the intention of the state government has always been good and flawless, he added.A senior JD(U) leader, Jai Krishna Mehta , in a statement on Saturday, questioned the timing of the BJP MP's moral posturing. \"If he is so genuinely concerned about the plight of his constituents what he was doing all these years,\" he asked.If Vyapari Sangh and others have extended full support to Vedana Pradarshan rally, the Dalit Adivasi Vikash Morcha took out a procession against the proposed event on Friday, dubbing it as a political hoax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16607247", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation locates nearly 24 dry toilets in zone-6", "text": "LUCKNOW: Close to the submission of On the heels of submitting its report following Supreme Court's directive in the manual scavenging case, the Lucknow Municipal Corporation has found close to 25 dry toilets in zone-6, believed to be the worst affected area by this social curse in the city. Older parts of Lucknow remain plagued by the inhuman tradition of manual scavenging in the absence of a proper sanitation mechanism. \"Due to large number of slums in congested parts of old city, sewage or sanitation infrastructure cannot be provided. People have no choice but to use dry latrines,\" said a civic official. The practice has been ongoing in slums situated in Maulana Kalbe Abid 1 and 2 municipal wards, which are home to several congested localities such as Saadat Ganj, Kashmiri Mohala, Jawhai Tola and Mahmood Nagar, among others.The findings of LMC are a part of a state-wide exercise to get the actual data on numbers of night-soil carriers in each district. Earlier this month, the apex court had fined four state governments, including Uttar Pradesh for failure to disclose the numbers of manual scavengers and their current situation.Additional municipal commissioner, PK Srivastava was confident that the number of dry toilets within LMC limits will be much lesser than what had been claimed in the PIL. According to petitioners, UP has over 3 lakh dry toilets, out of which 228 are present in Lucknow district. It was also reported that 57 persons remain engaged in manual scavenging in Lucknow. \"We want to appeal to such persons to come forward and take benefits of rehabilitation schemes,\" said Srivastava.In 2011, the Union ministry of social justice &amp; empowerment in a report submitted to National Advisory Council admitted that out of the identified 9,548 manual scavenger families in Uttar Pradesh, 67% did not receive any loan or assistance. Furthermore, Rashtriya Garima Abhiyan, a national campaign for dignity and eradication of manual scavenging, highlighted how funds meant for rehabilitation of manual scavengers under Self-Employment Scheme for Rehabilitation of Manual Scavengers, 2007 were being siphoned off in the state.The law prohibiting employment of manual scavengers was framed about two decades back, but till date not a single conviction has been witnessed. In fact, Indian Railways is the biggest offender owing to large number of dry toilets and coaches with open-discharge toilets. Government of India had prohibited manual scavenging practice in 1993 through an Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16607999", "title": "Bounty row: Pakistani minister to go ahead with offer", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani minister at the centre of a controversy for offering a reward to anyone who kills the maker of an anti-Islam film has said he will put a bounty on the head of any person who commits blasphemy in future. Railway minister Ghulam Ahmed Bilour said he stood by his offer of a bounty of $100,000 for the killing of the maker of 'Innocence Of Muslims'.Addressing a meeting in Peshawar on Friday, he said he would not be deterred by criticism of action by Western nations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "tirupur", "code": "16608935", "title": "Tirupur town calls for bandh on Wednesday protesting powercuts", "text": "TIRUPUR: The textile town would observe a dawn to dusk bandh on Wednesday to protest the power outages extending for more than 14 hours a day. All the textile, knitwear and other industrial units in Tirupur and its neighbourhood would take part in the protest organised under the joint initiative of textiles associations and trade unions. Shops and other establishments also would join the stir with almost all political parties extending support to the bandh call. The decision to organise the protest was taken at a meeting organised in the district by 12 textile associations, trade unions and various political outfits on Friday.\"There are over 10,000 industrial units across Tirupur and nearly 5 lakh people work in these units. However, the extended 14 hours powercuts now have adversely affected the sectors,\" said M P Muthurathinam, president Tamil Nadu Exporter and Manufacturers Association. \"No one has a clue when the power supply will be available and when it will be off. Production in industries has come down to almost 40 per cent now,\" he added.He said the textile companies incur Rs12, 500crore as yearly turnover from exports and Rs9, 000 lakh from the domestic sales. However, the units have suffered severe loss ever since the power outages increased, he added. Further, Muthurathinam says that the increase in diesel cost has added fuel to the fire. The units with 100 workers require at least 9,000 litres of diesel a day to run a single shift. This is proving to be a costly affair for the companies in terms of the competitive edge that they enjoyed over their competitors in Bangladesh, China, in terms of price, quality and delivery.According to Muthurathinam, the protest is expected to attract nearly 25,000 people. Trade union including CITU, AITUC and other Tirupur Export Knit Manufacturers Association and Tirupur Manufacturers Association will be supporting the protest.A C Eswaran, president, South India Hosiery Manufacturer Association, said most of the machineries are latest and digitally controlled. Due to power cuts the functioning of machines, most of them high-end and imported are getting affected and the huge cost has to be incurred to change the spare parts.He said the companies are forced to work without any labour as most of them have left the place. \"If the situation continues then the manufacturing and textile industries in Tirupur will be totally shutdown,\" Eswaran added. The government should at least provide eight hours of continuous power supply to help the industries from making losses. They should also subsidise diesel so that the units can utilise generators to work until the power situation improves in the state, he added. \"The state government should immediately start generating power from the Kundankulam nuclear power plant to meet the crisis,\" Eswaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16607678", "title": "Allies differ over para teachers' job demand", "text": "RANCHI: Two Jharkhand cabinet ministers belonging to JMM and BJP are at loggerheads over regularization of para teachers in the state. While state land reforms minister Mathura Prasad Mahato and JMM are pressuring the government to regularize the jobs of the 80,000-odd temporary teachers at government schools, state HRD minister Baidyanath Ram and the BJP are not keen to discuss the matter at the cabinet meet till the para teachers, who have been on strike for the last one month, return to work.Ram said: \"I sympathize with the teachers and their families, but the government cannot take decisions based on blackmailing tactics. I have been telling these teachers to end their strike and discuss the matter with us. Their agitation has affected students attending 40,000 government schools across the state. If they are not listening to our request, we have no reason to listen to them.\"Though BJP also backed Ram on the issue, it added that the matter should not be politicized. BJP spokesperson Pradeep Sinha said: \"JMM and its ministers should not interfere in the functioning of other departments. Many land acquisition matters are pending and Mahato should concentrate on his business rather than interfere the para teachers' issue.\"Meanwhile, Mahato, who met deputy chief minister Hemant Soren with an 11-member delegation of the para teachers, said he will take up the matter in the next meeting of the state cabinet scheduled for October 1. \"We cannot be mute spectators to the sufferings of the teachers and their families. The matter has to be addressed at the earliest as it is affecting studies in all government schools,\" said Mahato. Two JMM legislators Jaggannath Mahato and Jaiprakash Bhai Patel are also supporting Mahato's stand.Soren, also the leader of JMM legislature party in the Jharkhand assembly, said everyone sympathizes with the para teachers. \"This is a very serious issue. I will take it up with the chief minister and try to resolve it at the earliest,\" Soren said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16607210", "title": "Off-road city buses may stage comeback", "text": "LUCKNOW: The off-road city buses might soon come back into operation. Sources at Uttar Pradesh State Roadways Transport Corporation Limited shared that 100 out of the 260 city buses went off-road because of \"cannibalisation\" of buses. The firm used to take out the spare parts from one set of buses and install them onto others. \"The current condition of the buses is such that we really do not know how to make them run,\" said officials and added that although UPSRTC has taken up maintenance of city buses, given its limited resources, nevertheless some 60 buses are stationed in workshops for want of maintenance.UPSRTC has taken up the maintenance of city buses, after the private firm Goldrush rendered them unfit to run on the road. However, in the current scenario of limited resources, UPSRTC officials said they will bring back the off-road buses into operation soon.The maintenance contract awarded to Goldrush, a private firm by the previous regime has hit the UPSRTC's city bus operation hard. Though UPSRTC terminated the contract of the private firm, in June this year, the two years' time for which the firm held the maintenance contract, it left the corporation's fleet virtually \"worn out\".The maintenance contract was awarded to Goldrush in 2010, before which the maintenance was done by UPSRTC. There were only two firms, which participated in the tendering process and Goldrush bagged the tender. The sources said they had no clue that the said firm would render the buses totally unfit. \"Given the safety concerns, we cannot run them in their present condition,\" said officials. UPSRTC terminated the five-year contract of the firm, in June this year, and has forfeited the amount deposited as security by the firm. But, this can hardly undo the damage done to city buses, which UPSRTC is now finding difficult to repair. Out of the 15 low-floor AC buses, hardly 5 are on road.The fleet of city buses include Marcopolo AC buses, Marcopolo non-AC buses, Mazda and Tata 1613 model. Most of these buses have sophisticated tools and machinery. Worse, that UPSRTC finds it tough to procure the spare parts of the buses also. However, UPSRTC cannot do much here, as specifications given in the Detailed Project Report could match only the above mentioned model of buses.This is also one of the reasons, the need of proper maintenance, why UPSRTC can not add to the existing fleet of city buses. \"City needs at least 600 buses,\" said sources. The main route, BBD to Pasi Qila, has high demand for more city buses. But, again as only 300 city buses are mentioned in the DPR for Lucknow, UPSRTC does not have an option here too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16612908", "title": "Maha committe to probe into falling crime convictions", "text": "THANE: The increase in the number of court-directed acquittals of offenders booked in serious crimes, vis-a-vis the falling rate of convictions across the state, has raised questions about the police efficiency and compelled the state government to probe reasons for the poor legal performance.A five-member panel chaired by additional chief secretary (home) will take an overview of convictions and acquittals in offences registered under the IPC and related criminal laws in the last five years and is expected to submit its recommendations to the state government in three months.Principal secretary Medha Gadgil issued orders on August 27, 2012, for constituting the committee which will also include director general of police, principal secretary (law and judiciary), director of prosecution and a joint secretary from the home department.Orders have also been issued to all police commissionrates and the superintendent of police across the state to prepare a dossier on the convictions achieved by them in their respective zones.Home minister RR Patil has time and again voiced his concern at the falling conviction rate and instructed the police to prepare a water-tight case against the offenders. However, most police officials claimed that they are outsmarted by the legal hawks hired by the criminals and establishing a separate legal team to assist and advice the police officers would help increase convictions.Statistics culled out from police documents reveal that the worst conviction profile is in economic crimes where the percentage has slipped from .38 per cent in 2006 to .26 per cent in 2010. Economic offences include criminal breach of trust, cheating and counterfeiting.In criminal cases involving violence against women , the conviction rate touched a new low of 0.40 per cent in 2010 with just 489 cases convicted of the total 1.21 lakh cases up for trial in the same year. The acquittal percentage in the same year stood at 7.28 per cent as against an acquittal of 6.51 per cent in 2006.The state government had earlier set up a similar committee headed by then additional chief secretary Umeschandra Sarangi. The panel had visited other states such as Kerala, Rajasthan, New Delhi to study the measures initiated by the law-enforcing agencies in their state to increase the convictions.DISPOSAL OF IPC CASES BY COURTS IN 4 POLICE COMMISSIONERATESCITIES20062007200820092010MUMBAICOMMSNRTTotal Cases137238143188152487160568168452Convicted25122292180521171948Conviction%1.83%1.60%1.18%1.31%1.15%Acquitted63665754619470896966Acquittal %4.63%4.01%4.06%4.41%4.13%Pending127446134652143988150619158938Pending %92.86%94%94.42%93.80%94.35%THANECOMMSNRTTotal Cases6948172248760037962883677Convicted218201188245220Conviction%0.31%0.27%0.24%0.30%0.26%Acquitted24721545208916061946Acquitted %3.55%2.13%2.74%2.01%2.32%Pending6662670360735277767981346Pending %95.81%97.38%96.74%97.55%97.21%NAVI MUMBAICOMMSNRTTotal Cases2470426213278563004332009Convicted4462582841Conviction%0.17%0.23%0.20%0.09%0.12%Acquitted484647638644848Acquittal %1.95%2.46%2.29%2.14%2.72%Pending2416225481271362936031102Pending%97.80%97.20%97.41%97.72%97.16%PUNECOMMSNRTTotal Cases2470426213278563004332009Convicted4462582841Conviction%0.17%0.23%0.20%0.09%0.12%Acquitted484647638644848Acquittal%1.95%9.46%2.29%2.14%2.64%Pending2416225481271362936031102", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16608016", "title": "Congress to hold dalit rally in Gandhinagar on Monday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Congress has decided to stage a rally for issues affecting dalits in the state capital on Monday. The rally is being stage to register protest against the killing of three dalit youths at Thangadh in Surendranagar.The three dalit youths were killed in police firing on September 21. Congress leaders came down heavily on the state government for the killings in Thangadh and demanded a CBI probe into the incident.Office bearers of the opposition party and its SC wing visited Thangadh and Rajkot Civil hospital. Later, they held demonstrations at Sarangpur and burnt effigies of CM Narendra Modi as well.Vice president of Gujarat Congress, Girish Parmar alleged that 17 dalit youths were tortured in police custody for two days. He demanded that murder charges be slapped against the police officials involved.Congress leaders said a memorandum demanding action against police officials involved in the firing will be given to chief minister Narendra Modi on Monday. Congress also asked the state government to give Rs 10 lakh as compensation to the family of those killed in the police firing and Rs 2 lakh to the family of those injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16610238", "title": "Armed forces further tightening cyber security, IT usage norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The armed forces are further tightening cyber security and information technology usage norms for all its personnel to prevent the \"leaking\" of confidential data and information, apart from reiterating strict orders to refrain from posting classified information on social networking websites.The move comes in the backdrop of mounting online espionage attempts \u2014 mainly by China and Pakistan \u2014 as also several cases of officers inadvertently posting classified information on social networking sites like Facebook, Orkut and Twitter.All IAF officers, for instance, will now have to sign a declaration that they will not \"save or view\" any official document on personal computers as well as provide details of digital storage devices being used for official purposes. Any violation will attract strict action, warned IAF authorities.The Army has already directed all its officers and personnel to even remove their pictures and information showing their affiliation to the service from their personal profiles on social networking websites.The need to be extremely cautious in the use of computer and digital storage devices has also been reemphasized after intelligence alerts pointed to an increase in leakage of classified data from defence establishments through the use of pen drives, removable hard disks, CDs, VCDs etc.Five to six naval officers are facing a board of inquiry (BoI) after Chinese hackers were detected to have broken into sensitive naval computers, in and around Eastern Navy Command HQs at Visakhapatnam, with the help of \"worm-infected\" pen-drives.Another BoI in the Mumbai-based Western Navy Command has recommended stringent action, including dismissal of service, against at least two commanders for posting the location of warships and their patrolling patterns on social networking sites like Facebook.The armed forces are also planning the creation of a joint full-fledged Cyber Command, in addition to Aerospace and Special Operations Commands, to tackle rapidly emerging threats in the cyberspace domain, as reported by TOI earlier.Cyber-weapons can cripple an adversary's strategic networks and energy grids, banking and communication, and even sabotage a country's nuclear programme like Iran learnt after the Stuxnet software \"worm\" destroyed a thousand of its centrifuges couple of years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607088", "title": "Government to build 5 rehabilitation homes", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the economic and social rehabilitation of those who have undergone treatment for mental illness, Delhi government is building five homes to provide vocational training and counselling to them.Built at an estimated cost of Rs 48 crore, these homes will have capacity to accommodate 25 inmates, a state government release said here today. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Saturday laid foundation of one such facility in Dwarka here.\"Mentally improved patients take time in social integration and making themselves useful for the society. These homes would help them in forgetting memories of their mental illness and separation from the society,\" she said, applauding the initiative of the social welfare department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612088", "title": "Don't measure a film's success with 100 crore club: Vinay Pathak", "text": "\"Don't measure a film's success with 100 crore club,\"claims the Bheja Fry actor Vinay Pathak one his recent visit to the sangam city where he had come after a long time to participate in any private function, adding, \"Movies hitting the 100 crore club are definitely popular cinemas and I do support the fact that they managed to reach to the top because there were some quality reasons behind it.But commercial accomplishments should not be the only reason to measure success. A movie made up with a budget of 4 crore which managed to earn 9 crore is also successful. Unfortunately, everyone in the industry makes comparison with the 100-crore club today. This is unfair.\"Of late, bollywood cinema has witnessed a paradigm shift. On one had if masala movies continued to make huge revenues then on the other some new directors have also experimented with real life stories and literature, which eventually proved to be huge success. So when asked to comment on the future of Indian cinema, the actor added with hesitation. \"Whether it's a masala movie, a quality stuff or an art movie, there is plaform for everything. No one can actually say what is going to rule in the future. However, I do believe that in any kind of cinema, literature needs to exist,\"\" he says and adds, \"If a certain segment likes watching glamorous things, it doesn't mean there is no audience for poetries or real life stories. People like that kind of stuff too, so there is no definite answer for that but certainly literature adds depth to the cinema and we can't ignore if we want to produce quality stuff.\"\"We have always seen Vinay doing some quality comedy roles in serious cinema, but given the craze for glamorous roles is growing like never before, can Vinay be seen doing such roles in future? \"I don't have any aversion to glam roles, in fact I am open to any role serious, comedy or glamorous, as long as the character in the movie is exciting. So yes if tomorrow I find a masala role exciting, I will definitely do it,\"\" adds the actor.However, as for the other upcoming projects are concerned the actor just finished shooting for director Ananth Mahadevan's 'Gaur Hari Dastan '. \"I have just finished shooting for this movie, a satire based on the life of freedom fighter Gaur Hari, who fought for his rights for 30 years with the government,\" he avers and futher adds, \"\"Ananth is already won accolades for making a Marathi visual lifescape on the life of social crusader 'Sidhutai Sapkal'. This time it is freedom fighter 80-year-old 'Gour Hari Das'. Movie is going to be in Hindi and I am sure my audience is going to like it.\" Besdies, the actor is also going to work with his 'Bheja fry ' director for an untitled comedy. \"Sagar Ballary and I have decided to do another comedy, but I comment anything on that right now. Things are at a very primitive stage.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16609725", "title": "Sridevi &amp; Madhuri dance to each other\u2019s tunes!", "text": "The promos of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa on Colors TV have been screaming one thing-the coming together of the Indian film industry's two superstars, Sridevi and Madhuri Dixit. This is a feat that only Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa has been able to accomplish. The dance reality show succeeded in doing what Bollywood couldn't manage to do in two decades! So as a special treat, viewers are in for a delightful evening of the grand finale that takes place today. Sridevi will be promoting her upcoming film English Vinglish that releases on 5th October and she will also shake a leg with Madhuri Dixit. Judge Madhuri Dixit exclaims in excitement, \"Superstars ki bheed mein, there are very few mega stars and Sridevi is one such mega star\". Madhuri will dance to Sridevi's popular song, Mere Haathon Mein from the film Chandni.  As the two dancing divas take the stage by storm tonight, the tension is mounting! Which finalist will proudly walk away with the coveted Jhalak trophy? Will it be Rithvik Dhanjani, Gurmeet Chaudhary or Rashami Desai? With only a few hours left before the results will be announced, whatever the outcome, viewers will surely miss their dance favourite reality show, Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa !This show must go on and on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607937", "title": "Gulzar to get Indira Gandhi award for national integration", "text": "NEW DELHI: Renowned lyricist, poet and author Gulzar has been nominated for the 27th Indira Gandhi award for National Integration.The award will be given to the 75-year old film-maker by Congress president Sonia Gandhi on October 31 \u2014 the martyrdom day of Indira Gandhi \u2014 in recognition of his contribution in promoting and preserving spirit of national integration.The award had been instituted by Congress in its centenary year to give recognition to outstanding contribution to the cause of national integration by individuals and institutions.The award includes a citation and cash prize of Rs 5 lakh.Former recipients of the award include freedom fighter Aruna Asaf Ali, former PM Rajiv Gandhi (posthumous), former presidents APJ Abdul Kalam and Shankar Dyal Sharma, noted film director Shyam Benegal and music maestro A R Rahman.Among the institutions, which have received this award so far are Bharat Scouts &amp; Guides, Paramdharn Ashram Paunar (Wardha), Gandhi Institute of Public Affairs, Tumkur, Ram-Rahim Nagar Slum Dwellers' Association, Kasturba Gandhi National Memorial Trust and Ramakrishna Mission Ashram, Narainpur-Chhattisgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16608102", "title": "Govt mulls extending visa-on-arrival facility", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government is examining extension of the popular visa-on-arrival (VoA) facility to nationals from countries like Thailand and Malaysia.Inaugurating a two-day international Buddhist conclave in Varanasi on Saturday, Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahai said his ministry had decided to extend VoA facility to those countries that have a significant Buddhist population.The minister also announced establishment of a ghat in the temple town in the name of Lord Buddha on the bank of the Ganges.\"India, being the land of origin of Buddhism, is the main attraction for Buddhist tourists from across the globe. We are drawing up plans to attract more tourists from Buddhist countries like Thailand and Malayasia by providing them special facilities like visa-on-arrival,\" Sahai said.Currently, India extends VoA facility to 11 countries, including Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines and Myanmar.The conclave is being held with a view to showcase and project the Buddhist heritage of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16608932", "title": "An evening away from home to celebrate the moon", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a day of celebration and remembrance of their homeland for the few Chinese citizens residing in Coimbatore. For the 40-odd Chinese students in the city, the function organised by the Chinese Students Union, Coimbatore, in collaboration with Educational Department of Chinese Embassy and Western-returned Scholars Association of China, on Saturday was an occasion to celebrate the mid-autumn festival and the national day with traditional dances and songs. Students pursuing various courses in Bharathiar University and RVS College of Arts and Science participated in the function.The mid-autumn festival, also known as the Moon Festival or Mooncake Festival or Zhongqiu Festival, is a popular lunar harvest festival celebrated by the Chinese.A description of the festival first appeared in Rites of Zhou, a written collection of rituals of the western Zhou dynasty that existed 3,000 years ago. The celebration became popular during the early Tang dynasty. The festival is held on the 15th day of the eighth month in the Chinese calendar, which is in September or early October.Since the festival revolves around the importance of full moon in the life of Chinese people, Li Xiaoyang, a second year post-graduate student at Bharathiar University, rendered a traditional Chinese dance, 'The Moon', which expressed the people's hope that moon would protect them and bring prosperity. Recalling her days back home in Liaoning province she said it was a day when everyone got together and celebrated the day by drinking, feasting and dancing under the benign light of the full moon. She said that though the full moon would not show up in Coimbatore on the day, the kind-hearted and loving people in the city made up for the absence of the loved ones in China.Xiaoyang, who has been living in Coimbatore for three years, said she was in love with Indian culture. Citing that both cultures have a lot in common, people can learn a lot by visiting the places in both the countries. Later in the programme, she showcased her skill in Chinese calligraphy, which she had mastered by practicing for 10 years. It is written vertically and requires a lot of practice, she explained.Tang Zheng, one of the first Chinese students to come to the city as part of an exchange programme to the Bharathiar University, said the teaching system is very good and stringent, which helped him learn the English language in a short span of time. \"When I came here I was nervous as I could not speak English. But the staff enabled us to learn the language quickly and gain confidence,\" he said.\"I had the option to choose between the US and India. But the previous experience in Coimbatore during a students' exchange programme, changed my perception of the place and country, said Li Yaran, who is pursuing an MBA in RVS College near Sulur. \"My parents wanted me to pursue the course in America, however the love, comfort and the education was so good in India, especially Coimbatore that I chose to study here,\" she said.Chen Desheng, chairman, Chinese Students Union, and a PhD scholar at the Bharathiar University, said the celebration was an attempt to bring together the people of both the countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16608881", "title": "Court, women's commission approached by neighours over dog bite", "text": "INDORE: The prestigious Raja Ramanna Centre for Advanced Technology (RR-CAT) here is abuzz over a scientist and a woman medical officer approaching court and women's commission, respectively, after the former accused her of setting her dog on him.Scientist Dr P Chaddha and his neighbour, medical officer Kirti Barpande, living in the RR-CAT campus, cannot stand each other. The reason behind this is the growling German Shepherd owned by Kirti. Chaddha has openly accused his neighhour of having vented her ire against him by letting her dog free to bite him.The dispute is not only pending in the court for justice, but has also been raised with the Madhya Pradesh Women's Commission (MPWC), which held a hearing here on Saturday. Dr Chadha is the director of UGC-DAE Consortium for Scientific Research, Indore.Appearing irritated after arguing for more than half-an-hour before the MPWC, both Dr Chadha and Barpande refused to talk to the media claiming that the issue is sub-judice. However, talking to TOI, member of MPWC, Snehlata Upadhyay, said the dispute was merely an ego clash between the two neighbours.\"The scientist Dr Chaddha argued that he is an introvert and his neighbours have become a cause of nuisance for him,\" said Snehlata adding, \"The scientist has accused Dr Barpande of letting her dog on him, and even once prompted it to bite him. He has the medical report of the dog bite, which has been procured from the RR-CAT hospital where the scientist's wife is the head of the department,\" said Snehlata, adding \"Whereas Barpande complained that the scientist has a problem with her and he does not want her to stay in the RR-CAT colony.\"According to sources, the scientist reportedly lodged a complaint with the Department of Atomic Energy about the neighbouring family and got the quarter in the name of medical officer Barpande cancelled on the ground that her family has kept the pet without a valid permission from Indore Municipal Corporation.The woman complained to MPWC on January 18, 2012 and they appeared before a joint bench on Saturday here in Indore. MPWC member Upadhyaya tried to convince them not to fight in future and received in writing from both parties that they will not create problem for each other in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16607660", "title": "Trajano D'Mello wants CM to quit", "text": "PANAJI: Lambasting the state government for the deteriorating law and order situation in the state, Lokancho adhar president Trajano D'Mello said that \"the common man is not safe in the state.\"D'Mello referred to the recent theft of a vehicle belonging to chief minister Manohar Parrikar's brother, and said that \"the CM's own relatives are being robbed.\"The aam admi can visit the secretariat only on two days of the week. \"Is his the change Parrikar had promised the people of Goa?\" he wondered.D'Mello also condemned the incident on Friday where a pro-mining mob kept a group of journalists hostage for over two hours. \"To hold members of the fourth estate hostage for two and half hours after the police were informed is a collapse of law and order,\" he stated.D'Mello felt the collapse of the law and order situation was confirmed by Parrikar himself, who tightened his security. \"He has started feeling the heat of the people, and covered himself in a blanket of security,\" he said.Critical of Parrikar for demoralising the police force, D'mello noted that \"the CM is on record to say that the police were acting lethargic.\"He said said that when the then mines minister Digambar Kamat had resigned from the BJP government, he had said he was suffocated under the BJP regime, and demanded a probe into whether Parrikar had pressured Kamat on the mining issue.D'Mello also called for Parrikar's resignation and a white paper on mining in the state in light of the Shah Commission report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16608166", "title": "First batch of Tamil Nadu Haj pilgrims to fly out on Tuesday", "text": "CHENNAI: The first batch of Haj pilgrims from the state, comprising 423 people, will board an Air India flight to Jeddah at 10.30am on Tuesday from the city. Of the 6,488 pilgrims from Tamil Nadu this year, 3,668 are sponsored by the state Haj committee and 2,820 will be taken by private operators.State minister for backward classes welfare A Mohammed Jan has been designated by chief minister J Jayalalithaa to see off the first group. For the next nine days, there will be one flight a day from the city.Talking to TOI on Saturday, Haj Committee of India vice-chairman A Aboo Bucker said two orientation programmes had been organised for pilgrims. The pilgrims have been brought under the comprehensive insurance policy that will cover losses due to theft, hospitalisation, illness, injury or death due to terrorism, etc. The committee charged around 130 per person towards as premium. Last year, it was 160 per person.\"The Tamil Nadu government has given 20 lakh to the state haj committee and a further 12 lakh to the 12 volunteers accompanying the pilgrims,'' Aboo Bucker said. The committee had increased the quota to 811 for pilgrims from the state after a request from chief minister Jayalalithaa.The pilgrims will receive pre-loaded SIM cards with a minimum credit and will carry important numbers of officials and diplomats based in Saudi Arabia to contact in case of an emergency.The Indian Haj Mission offices at Makkah, Madinah and at Jeddah Haj Terminal are fully functional. More than 500 people appointed by the Ministry of External Affairs, including 117 doctors and 143 paramedics, have arrived in Saudi Arabia. Two 50-bed hospitals in Makkah and one 30-bed hospital in Madinah are serving pilgrims round the clock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16612999", "title": "Sikh body urge Akal Takht jathedar to declare November 1 as Sikh Genocide Day", "text": "AMRITSAR: All India Sikhs Students Federation (AISSF) has approached Jathedar of Akal Takht urging him to issue directive to declare November 01 as \"Sikh Genocide Day\".The Sikh body has also appealed to the community to commemorate the same internationally. Federation president Karnail Singh Peer mohommad told TOI on Sunday that in a request submitted at Akal Takht secretariat he had urged Gurbachan Singh to hold Akhand Paath in remembrance of thousands of Sikh men, women and children who were murdered in November 1984. AISSF had also sought directive from Akal Takhat about building of \"Sikh Genocide Memorial\" at Hondh Chillar, Haryana added he.On Saturday, Shivpuri, Madhya Pardesh based Bharat Milan Nayas had submitted a letter to Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee president Avtar Singh Makkar to display the photographs of soldiers in Sikh museum who had died during Operation Bluestar . Akal Takhat , the supreme temporal seat of Sikh religion had already declared November 1984 killings of Sikhs as \"Genocide\" in which thousands of Sikhs were killed across 18 states of India, said Federation president.Terming November 1984 as \"State sponsored Genocide\", Jagdish Kaur, prime witness against Sajjan Kumar's role in anti Sikh riots in November 1984 stated that victims had approached Akalt Takhat to take a lead in seeking justice for the Sikh community by observing Ardas on November 1, 2012 in the memory of those who were murdered. Citing to the recent discovery of mass graves of Sikhs killed during November 1984 in Haryana he said since the death of thousands of Sikhs remained unknown to the world for more than 28 years no last rites were ever performed as per the Sikh religious practices.He said he had urged Jathedar to hold Aradas and to declare November 1 as Sikh Genocide Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16612661", "title": "Delhi's humid weather takes its toll on Half Marathon athletes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Their stamina put to a harsh test in the hot and humid conditions in the capital, participants of the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon on Sunday questioned the wisdom behind scheduling the event at this time of the year.The long distance runners are known to have good stamina but their endurance was tested today as high humidity put paid to the record-setting aspirations of the elite athletes.The race traditionally takes place during the months of October or November but many of the participants would not be aware of the fact that the IAAF Gold Label status marathon was shifted to late September so that it does not clash with the Formula One Indian Grand Prix slated for October 28.Elite men's winner Edwin Kipyego of Kenya , who had set his sights on the course record, failed in his attempt as the weather did not allow him to gun for it.\"I was keeping the pace with the record till the 14-15 km mark after which I felt I was losing all my energy because of hot and humid conditions. I had a good start but the weather got worse and it kept getting hotter,\" said Kipyego.The organisers had an early start to the race at 6:30 am than in previous years but that did not help their cause as many of the participants in the Great Delhi Run were seen suffering from dehydration.Second-placed Leonard Langat, also from Kenya, said, \"Till the 15km mark, I tried to keep pace with Kipyego but then due to the weather, I could not push myself. It got hot and humid and I stayed behind the winner.\"Another Kenyan, Silas Kipruto also blamed the hot weather for his third-place finish.\"I fell behind in the race because of the humidity.\" Elite women's winner Yemir Wude of Ethiopia said, \"It was a good race overall but the conditions were not good to race in as it became hot after the start of the race.\"Rahul Kumar Pal, who finished on top among Indian men athletes, said he kept himself motivated despite the hot and humid condition taking its toll on his body.\"I knew that the competition will be tough and weather will be humid. It was very hot but I kept myself motivated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "16608480", "title": "Seafood companies hiring underage kids", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Seafood companies in Tuticorin appear to be employing many children from the adjacent Ramanathapuram district as well as from the locality, the public hearing organised by CRY and RWDS has revealed. As many as 65 children are working in seafood companies under hostile conditions while 35 children said they worked at the salt pans in Tuticorion.Rani (name changed), a fourteen-year-old girl held up her nimble fingers that were covered with cuts, as she had to use a small knife to remove crab shells at a sea food company in Vembar. \"The knife slips off often as our fingers go numb in the extreme cold condition in the factory. We are not provided with any protective gloves and have to stand and work for nearly 12 hours in the cold, causing blisters on the feet,\" the girl said. Selvi (name changed), a 15-year-old from Naripayur said she had to work from 6am to 7pm every day, peeling off prawns in a sea food major in Tuticorin. She is paid Rs 160 per day and suffers from blistered feet, numbness on the palm and fingers, anaemia and stomach aches. \"Though we are provided with gloves, we need to use one bare hand to grade the prawns,\" she says. There are 12 to 13 children working from her village in the same company.Sexual harassment from the supervisors is another problem that adolescent girls faced, an 18-year-old girl from Pillayarkulam told the study team. Ironically when these children could not go to schools due to lack of transportation, they were taken to sea food companies and salt pans in company owned companies.The jury of the public hearing strongly condemned the children being employed in these industries that caused health hazards. \"We urge the collectors of Tuticorin and Ramanathapuram to look into the matter and raid the seafood companies,\" Henri Tiphagne, state representative, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16606574", "title": "Supreme Court order leads to RTI logjam across states", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court's order mandating the appointment of a judicial member and an expert to hear RTI-related cases, has crippled functioning of one-fourth of the country's 28 information commissions.Work in the information commissions in Maharashtra, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Punjab, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Haryana and Jharkhand has come to a halt, frustrating thousands who have filed RTI pleas to fight against injustices by authorities and for delivery of basic services. These information commissions ceased working on the advice of advocate generals and legal departments of respective states.A survey conducted by Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative (CHRI) showed that all such commissions have stopped hearing fresh applications for disclosures under RTI. Appeals against earlier orders are also not being heard on RTI.The situation may worsen in coming days because of indications that other information commissions may chose to be \"risk-averse\" for the fear of running foul of the SC order.The Central Information Commission (CIC) has continued work after seeking the Centre's advice. Commissions in Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, Karnataka and Himachal Pradesh have also continued hearing RTI cases. In fact, the Advocate General in Kerala has asked the state information commission to continue working.However, RTI activists feel that the crisis may deepen. A pointer to that has come from Jharkhand, where the state information commission has halted work despite the availability of a member with judicial training. The Jharkhand commission is headed by Justice (retired) DK Sinha. While the concern in many other commissions seems to be about the non-availability of a member with judicial training, in Jharkhand the worry seems to be about non-availability of non-judicial experts. No hearings are being held in Goa as members to the information commission have not been appointed.Case for review pleaThe SC in a recent order had held that the information commissions are quasi-judicial bodies and, therefore, ought to have a judge or a trained expert to hear cases. Since there are few judges in information commissions, the order has raised doubts about the validity of the decisions taken by the commissions.The paralysis in information commissions is likely to spur the government to expedite the review petition it plans to file. Sources say that the government plans to argue that familiarity with administrative matters should be the only criteria for appointment to the commissions. However, until such time the court disposes of the review petition, confusion over the status of existing commissions and their orders will continue.Reacting to the situation, National Campaign for People's Right to Information (NCPRI) member Shekhar Singh said that the Centre should ask for a clarification from the court instead of allowing status quo to continue.SC lawyer Prashant Bhushan termed the order incorrect saying it \"cripples the information commissions\" because there were not enough judges to fill vacancies. \"In my view it is not essential to stop hearing cases. The government should seek a clarification at least or a review of the order.\"The J&K; information commission is not affected by this ruling as it is constituted under a separate RTI law enacted by the J&K; Legislature. The apex court's judgment is only restricted to the implementation of the RTI Act passed by Parliament.According to CHRI, the patchy interpretation of the order has put India's reputation as a model for popular RTI at stake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610746", "title": "Kylie Minogue reveals desire to have child", "text": "Kylie Minogue has dropped her strongest hint yet about her hopes and dreams of becoming a mother, after she related her new single 'Flower' as \"a love song to the child I may or may not ever have.\"The 44-year-old singer wrote the highly-personal ballad in 2007 while undergoing treatment for breast cancer .Previously performed only live, the 'I Should Be So Lucky' hitmaker finally recorded 'Flower' on her new album 'The Abbey Road Sessions,' which will be released on October 26.The lyrics of the song include, \"I'm waiting for your gentle whisper, distant child . . . can you feel me as I breathe life into you . . . I know one day you'll amaze me.\"Minogue told national music writer Cameron Adams, \"People who have heard the lyrics have asked if I'm feeling broody.\"\"They don't realise the story of the song. It's a love letter to the child I may or may not ever have. I was coming out of (cancer) treatment. You're told 'We can't determine what your future's going to be, this is what you're up against',\" the Daily Telegraph quoted her, as saying.\"Somehow within me I thought OK, I have to be realistic but I have to be hopeful as well,\" she said.Minogue, who has been dating Andres Velencoso since 2008, said she has not ruled out becoming a mother.\"Without sounding too cosmic or out-there I feel there's a spirit there,\" she said.\"I don't know whether it will become anything else or not. It's a weird one to talk about. I'm consistently asked 'Are you going to have children?' and I hate the question. Now I've got a song that is pretty much about just that.\"The song is still a question. It's a question I don't know the answer to,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "purnia (bihar)", "code": "16614372", "title": "BJP MP lashes out at Nitish govt", "text": "PURNIA (BIHAR): In an embarrassment to chief minister Nitish Kumar , an MP of ally BJP on Sunday questioned the NDA government's claim of good governance and development in Bihar and alleged that it has lost touch with ground reality as the leadership was \"surrounded by sycophants\".\"Corruption has become a buzz word in Bihar and the people claim to have not seen prevalence of this magnitude of corruption in the system earlier.... The tall claims of good governance and development are nowhere to be seen across the state,\" BJP MP Uday Singh said at a public meeting here.Referring to Kumar, he said the chief minister was living in a 'fool's paradise' if he believed that he was as popular a leader today as he was during the first stint of the NDA government.\"It was a matter of time that the accumulated anger of the people would burst and sweep away the ruling coalition,\" Singh said in an apparent reference to the protests that Kumar faced during his 'Adhikar Yatra' in the districts recently.Singh, who represents Purnia parliamentary seat, called his public meeting 'Vedana (Anguish) rally' which coincided with Kumar's public meeting in neighbouring Kishanganj district as part of his 'Adhikar Yatra'.He alleged that both Kumar and his deputy Sushil Kumar Modi were surrounded by sycophants and have lost touch with the ground reality.The \"overbearing and domineering\" bureaucracy was compounding the unpopularity of the NDA government in the state by creating a wide gulf between the people and their political representatives.In his nearly hour-long speech, the BJP MP asked Kumar to find out whether important promises like granting of land to landless mahadalits had been fulfilled or whether people were getting certificates issued by the officials under Right to Service Act without demanding or taking bribes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16608838", "title": "Thumbs-up for panel to explore cruise shifting", "text": "BHOPAL: The Lake Princess, the only cruise in Upper Lake is likely to be shifted to Kerwa Dam or the Lower Lake after the corporators at the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) general body meeting on Saturday passed a proposal for setting up a committee to decide whether the cruise can be shifted to the other water body in the city.Citing Madhya Pradesh Municipal Corporation Act, 1956, which does not allow any commercial activity in the water body used for drinking purpose, Congress corporators said the cruise is causing pollution in the lake and should be shifted to the Lower Lake or Kerwa dam.\"Tourists throw leftover food from the cruise into the lake polluting the water. I have seen women throwing used pampers of kids in the water. The Upper Lake water is used for drinking purpose and any harmful activity would only affect its health,\" said Mahira Sallmuddin, Congress corporator.Leader of Opposition Muhommad Sageer and Congress corporator Raihan Ahmed also alleged that alcohol was also served in the cruise against the ethics of BMC council.\"In 2005, when Sunil Sood was the mayor, the council had not passed the proposal to run the cruise in the city lifeline. Then, the state government had pressurised us,\" Sageer said.\"We have all required NOCs from the state pollution control department,\" BJP corporator Pankaj Chouksey said. \"We also have permission from the excise department for serving liquor. We have licences from 2005,\" he contended.BMC standing committee chairperson Kailash Mishra said, \"Considering the seriousness of the issue, it is necessary that a committee looks into the issue and seek an advice from the state government and shift the Lake Princess to Kerwa dam or the Lower Lake. We expect report by next BMC council meet.\"Cruising on Upper Lake for a yrThe Lake Princess is operational in Upper Lake since 2011. The cruise takes a tourist for a ride for 40 minutes on charge of Rs 150 per head. It can take 40 persons at a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16608032", "title": "Urban slum-dwellers to get help in setting up their own businesses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ashwin Pujjara, who runs an electric motor rewinding shop in Ahmedabad, earns Rs 25,000 every month. Life was not so kind to Pujjara, who comes from a slum in the city, till he was armed with the technology thread.Similarly, Gitaben Vaghela's life was steeped in poverty till she decided to set up her own flour-grinding mill in Ahmedabad. Today, Vaghela earns Rs 3600 per month, which she claims is enough for her to meet her family's expenses.Slum-dwellers like Pujjara and Vaghela now have a ray of hope with the International Labour Organization (ILO) and Ahmedabad-based International Centre for Entrepreneurship &amp; Career Development (ICECD) implementing SIYB (Start and Improve Your Business) programmes in the urban slums of Ahmedabad.Over the past five years, ICECD has helped set up more than 5,000 businesses . Among these are readymade garments, old wood craft, pan parlours, tailoring, beauty parlour, footwear, jewellery and tiffin service.In the next three weeks, around 100 potential entrepreneurs will be empowered from various slums in Ahmedabad to set up their own businesses. These groups of women and men are either less educated or uneducated and hail from economically backward communities in Amraiwadi, Anandnagar, Gokulnagar and Chandlodia areas.The training intervention is designed to assist these potential entrepreneurs to find out if they are the right persons to start a business, to identify feasible business ideas, and to choose the idea that matches best with their personal entrepreneurial characteristics and their local environment. Business start-up training targets potential entrepreneurs who want to start their own business and already have a feasible business idea.Hina Shah, director, ICECD, said, \"We will teach the trainees how to establish a new business and prepare a bankable business plan to assess financial needs, link them for finance , and improve business and management skills in costing, finance, and marketing.\"According to Shah, almost 40 per cent of Ahmedabad's population lives in slums with little or no access to basic services while an additional 18 per cent lives in underserviced tenements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "burdwan (wb)", "code": "16611089", "title": "7 pilgrims die as bus overturns in Bengal", "text": "BURDWAN (WB): Seven pilgrims were killed and 11 injured when a bus, on way from Tarapith to Kolkata, overturned on NH 2 at Gurap in Hooghly district today.The bus, carrying over 30 pilgrims from Vaishali district in Bihar, was on a tour of religious places in the region and had arrived at Tarapith Kali temple only yesterday from Deoghar's Basukinath temple in neighbouring Jharkhand, Burdwan superintendent of police S M H Mirza said.The accident spot was not very far away from Burdwan district.The 11 injured were being treated at Burdwan Medical College and Hospital where the condition of some was stated to be critical, Mirza said.The SP said the driver probably lost control and the vehicle overturned twice as local people started rescue operation soon afterwards alerted by the screams.Other injured passengers of the bus were being treated at Dhaniakhali Rural Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16607771", "title": "Maoist threat stalls 15 road schemes", "text": "GUMLA: Fifteen road projects with a total length of 62 km taken up under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna (PMGSY) are facing bottlenecks because of Maoist threats, obstruction of work by local criminal gangs and non-availability of construction materials in the areas. As a result no contractor took part in the tender process in as many as 17 road projects despite tenders being invited several times in the district.This came to light during a review meeting conducted by Rural Works Division - RWD (formerly known as rural engineering organization - REO), where supretending engineer Kamlapati Sharma now in charge of chief engineer held the meeting with contractors who have been awarded these projects.Non-availability of materials like stones and chips, since there is no stone quarry in at least four blocks of the district, was also cited for slow progress in many other PMGSY road projects in the district.In phase six of the PMGSY, 24 road projects of total length 188 km were taken up while in phase 8, 58 road projects of total length 258 km was started in the district, said executive engineer of RWD Niranjan Kumar.He, however, admitted there is slow progress in work because of a number of problems at the site. No contractor has come forward to put up tender papers for as many as 17 road projects in the district, Kumar said.Maoist threat is the main reason behind abstaining from construction work in remote areas, said a local contractor. Criminal gangs also extort levy from the project officials.Highlights1. Road construction faces hurdle in wake of Naxalite threat and extortion of money.2. As many as 17 roads projects have not been taken up by any contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612093", "title": "Hero running successfully in Bengal", "text": "Action hero of Bhojpuri cinema is gaining accolades in Bengal now. The magic his movie created on audience of Bihar and UP, has shifted to people of Bengal. Hero is making huge profits in Bengal now. The film is released in twenty five theatres in Bengal.Made under Nirahua Entertainment Pvt Ltd. the film has Shubhi Sharma and Awadhesh Mishra along with Pravesh Lal Yadav. The film is produced and directed by Subbarao Gosangi.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607778", "title": "Doctors advice precaution as viral infections grip Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Many citizens are rushing to doctors complaining of viral infection. Doctors too seemed to be worried over spurt in viral cases this season.In many cases, these infections are leading to complications of lungs, kidney, liver and others among the vulnerable groups, including children and the elderly.\"These days, we are seeing many cases of 'superinfections'. After viral attack, the immunity is lowered among the infected persons making them susceptible to bacterial infections. These secondary infections can also prove to be severe,\" said Dr Arun Humne, head of the preventive and social medicine department of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).Dr Pradeep Mishra, president of city chapter of Association of Physicians of India, points towards a disturbing trend. \"We are seeing cases wherein a fever of unidentified origin, most probably viral, is affecting people. In later stages, this fever starts affecting other vital organs and reduces platelets count. This phenomenon is being observed all over the country,\" said Dr Mishra.Since children are less immune, they too are falling prey to these illnesses. Paediatrician Dr Rajiv Mohta said, \"Dengue has become common among children. It occurs with fever which drops in a few days but the real problem starts only after this. Parents need to be very cautious and get in touch with doctors at least a week after the fever is over.\" Other common infections among children are viral pneumonia and diarrhoea, he added.\"Infections of the upper respiratory tract, which includes nose, mouth and throat, are becoming very common. Every second patient I examine nowadays has ear infections. The humid atmosphere is conducive to fungal infections of the ear. If it becomes very severe, this infection can induce temporary deafness by perforating the eardrum. In this condition, pus mixed with blood also oozes out of the ear. Throat infections and tonsillitis are also caused by viruses,\" said ENT surgeon Dr Prashant Nikhade, adding that the severity of these diseases also means that they take longer to heal, He warned people not to neglect even what they think of as common cold.Common diseases:FeverDenguePneumoniaDiarrhoeaColdCoughEar infectionsThroat infectionsVulnerable GroupsChildrenElderlyInfirmThose with low immunityPRECAUTIONS:Maintain good personal hygieneWash hands before eatingDon't neglect cold, cough or fever of any kindDon't let mosquitoes breed in your surroundingsAvoid being in crowded placesMaintain at least six feet distance from people who are sneezing or coughing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16608749", "title": "Women as prone to stroke as men: Experts", "text": "KANPUR: Several events marked the occasion of World Heart Day here on Saturday. Since this year the day was dedicated to cardiovascular disease prevention among women and children, majority of city-based cardiologists laid special emphasis on both.Talking to TOI, Cardiologist at Ursala Horseman hospital Dr Shailendra Tiwari said the world today was grappling under the burden of cardiovascular diseases and women might be under greater threat as they tend to underestimate their risk of developing heart ailments, the roots of which are laid at an early age. He added that women are no less prone than men to developing cardiovascular diseases. Those suffering from diabetes are up to 4 times more prone to have a heart attack than normal one, said the doctor.\"People must shed the myth that heart attack is a disease of men, as at least half the deaths in women are caused by heart disease and other related problems. Women might experience a heart attack differently from men who usually experience pain in chest. In the case of women, warning symptoms could be backache, abdominal pain, aching jaws, short breath, nausea or vomiting,\" added Dr Tiwari.Expressing concern over negligence of women towards their health, Dr Arti Lal Chandani, cardiac expert at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, added such variations in signs of the diseases often cause a delay in recognising heart attack in women and may lead to more complications and higher mortality.Apart from women, heart specialists also laid emphasis on cardiovascular diseases occurring in kids. According to the doctors, though all diseases manifest themselves during adulthood, it is in childhood that they start taking root. It is imperative that right lifestyle and habits are adopted in the early stages of life itself.Chief medical superintendent of Cardiology Institute Dr RK Bansal too had a similar opinion.According to him, many young professionals today have odd working hours and that leads to stress and not many of them have the privilege of savouring home-cooked meals. More over, indulgence in smoking and drinking to \"reduce stress\" worsens the situation.Talking about preventive measures to be taken to keep heart diseases at bay, experts asserted that nothing could be better than adopting a balanced diet and exercise from childhood could be the remedy.Around 30 minutes of moderate to intense physical activity daily and cutting down saturated fats from diet cuts the risk of coronary artery disease, adds the expert.\"A diet full of fruits and vegetables is a must. Items like red meat, bakery products and deep fried fast foods should be removed from your daily meals. Getting regular daily exercise can reduce the risk of fatal heart disease, and when combined with other lifestyle measures, the payoff is even greater,\" advised Dr Santosh Kumar, another cardiologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607153", "title": "Neighbour held for teen\u2019s murder in outer Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after a 13-year-old girl was found dead inside her home in the Shahbad Dairy area in outer Delhi, investigations revealed that the girl, Veenu, was murdered by her neighbour after she objected to the illicit relationship between him and her mother.The neighbour, Kameshwar, had been in a live-in relationship with Veenu's mother for several months after the girl's father walked out on the family. However, the father returned two months ago to patch up. But the mother didn't give in. Upset by the development, Veenu threatened to tell her family members about the affair. When Kameshwar, a small-time contractor, came to know of her plans, he decided to teach her a lesson.\"Kameshwar got the perfect opportunity when Veenu was alone in her room. He began a conversation with her asking for her opinion on his relationship with her mother. However, the girl refused to have the discussion. When she told him never to come into her room again, he hit her with an axe and left her bleeding. Later, he was nabbed by a team led by ACP K P S Malhotra,\" said a senior police official.\"We are trying to find out if the mother had a role to play in the murder,\" added the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "can mirrors \u2014 or your eyes \u2014 ever lie? one look at prosenjit chatterjee and you'd probably say, yes they can. age, for him, is just a number. he's the man of the moment. over 30 years in the industry, a packed schedule for the year ahead, challenging roles... when does he destress? \"sheta ar hoy kothay?\" he laughed. but there are exceptions \u2014 like birthdays. a day before the big day (september 30), team toi invited prosenjit to drop into the office for some cha and chit-chat. there was a lot to talk about \u2014 from films, family and birthday celebrations to stardom. and yes, we got him to cut a cake too! \"prochur paap kore felchhi,\" he smiled, taking a bite. excerpts", "code": "16610328", "title": "I don\u2019t live life like a star: Prosenjit Chatterjee", "text": "Can mirrors \u2014 or your eyes \u2014 ever lie? One look at Prosenjit Chatterjee and you'd probably say, yes they can. Age, for him, is just a number. He's the man of the moment. Over 30 years in the industry, a packed schedule for the year ahead, challenging roles... when does he destress? \"Sheta ar hoy kothay?\" he laughed. But there are exceptions \u2014 like birthdays. A day before the big day (September 30), Team TOI invited Prosenjit to drop into the office for some cha and chit-chat. There was a lot to talk about \u2014 from films, family and birthday celebrations to stardom. And yes, we got him to cut a cake too! \"Prochur paap kore felchhi,\" he smiled, taking a bite. Excerpts: So many milestones over a long career. Are birthdays a milestone too? Oh yes, since you mature with each passing year! One can't stop the watch, so you might as well make the most of it. And at this point of time, I'm enjoying my life to the fullest. People tell me that I still look 35 but I know that I can't do a film like Amar Sangi now \u2014 neither do I want to. There were times when 22 of my films would release in a year. Again, some years just two-three films hit the theatres, but they were all remarkable. Life is like a circle and you have to know when to move on. Success and failure are a part and parcel of it.What do you miss the most on this day? Ma ke khub miss kori . I wish she was here today. I want to start something in her name, may be an old-age home. My mamima, pishi, kakim a still try to fill the place she has in my heart. On my birthday, all of them want me to eat dishes they've cooked and I try to make them happy since their love is unconditional. That's a rare thing, since 99% of the people I know are looking to gain something from me. My brand value and position means a lot to them. So, I really miss unconditional love. Any specials plans for this birthday? I will shooting for Hanuman.com. All day I'll be replying to birthday wishes from thousands of people. In fact, my phone has been flooded with texts since yesterday. I can't say no to anyone as the industry, my well-wishers and my family are all sensitive about me and I respect that. Trishanjit (my son) is quite excited. He saw me cutting a three-tier cake for a television channel and he's been constantly asking me, 'Baba, amar jonmodin e three-tier cake hobe toh?' Last year he made a card for me and this year too I saw him making one. You have reached a position where no actor can give you competition... (Laughs) Prabir is Arun Chatterjee's competitor. Bumba holo Bumba r competition! But can I act like Naseeruddin Shah or Soumitra Chatterjee? Is stardom baggage for Prosenjit? Yes, stardom is baggage and I don't look at things from a helicopter. Ask anyone in the industry if Bumbada is accessible. A technical hand can call me at 2 am and I will be there to help him. I can't walk around Gariahat, but I don't live life like a star. Bank er chakrir moto amader tao chakri ! At the same time, I believe that an actor can't disclose everything about him to the world. There should be some mystery. Look at Dilip Kumar , Suchitra Sen, Uttam Kumar \u2014 people still want to know about their life and that's what make them stars. Manush ta real na unreal \u2014 this dilemma has to be there in the audience's mind about a star. Your diary is booked for the next two years... (Laughs) Kothay kaaj, kono kaaj nei amar! I'll be leaving for Newcastle in the first week of November to shoot for Porichoy, which sees Basu Chatterjee's daughter Rupali Guha debut as director. The film is about a father-daughter relationship. I play an NRI. Ferdous is part of the film too. We are still figuring out who'll play my daughter. After that I have Shoojit Sircar's Madras Cafe (the changed title of Jaffna) but we're still working the dates out. John (Abraham, who also stars in it) is trying hard. The story goes that you had sleepless nights trying to figure out who'll play your wife in Hanuman.com? Oh yes! See, there are many actors around but I wanted somebody who's simple and has the body language to play the wife of a simple schoolteacher from Malda. After lot of thought, we decided to cast Mousumi, (actor) Jack's wife. First you patch up with Srijit Mukherji; then you do a photoshoot with Rituparna Sengupta ... Is Prosenjit ready to forgive everyone now? I am no one to forgive anyone! Aageo toh korechhi photoshoot with Rituparna (smiles). See, in most cases, my anger dissipates with time. In the past, Debashree Roy, Rituparna have all said that they don't want to work with me, but I've never said so. I am ready to act with anyone and everyone. I've always maintained that Chumki (Debashree) is one of the finest actors of her time. Cinema is a temple and who am I to say which person deserves entry? As a senior co-actor I congratulated Ritu for Mukhtodhara but it was she who had said that Autograph and Baishe Srabon were over-hyped films. Such statements can hurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610382", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 Rebel starts off well", "text": "Prabhas' latest release Rebel has started off well as the collections of the film on the first day have been very exciting in the actor's career. Sources say that Rebel collections took a flying start at box office in various areas in the state including Nizam where the film collected more than 2 crores on the opening day.Rebel, which was released on Friday, garnered mixed response from the audience but the makers believe that the mass appeal in the movie might fascinate the B &amp; C centres. It was also reported Rebel's collections on day 1 were very good in East Godavari, West Godavari and Krishna districts. Further, the makers have decided to trim the film after unanimous feedback from the exhibitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16607473", "title": "Konkani musical show at Taleigao", "text": "A 'Konkani kantaram musical show' will be held at the Taleigao community centre's hall, Taleigao, on October 2 at 7.30pm. The show is being organized by the newly formed Centro Social e Cultural Sao Minguel de Taleigao. An office-bearer of the association said that 'the aim of the association is to nurture young talent in the village of Taleigao, with a view to preserving the various forms of traditional Goan culture, such as tiatr, mando, dekhni, fugdi, etd, and also to inculcate the love for Goa's mother tongue Konkani'. A troupe of famous artistes comprising Sonia Sirsat, Anthony San, Aniceto Lourenco, Socorro de St Cruz, T Britton, Albert Cabral, comedians John D'Silva and Netto will perform at the musical show. Entry for the event is free.Film fest on biodiversity at Miramar: Goa CMS Vatavaran - biodiversity film festival and forum - will be organized at the Goa science centre auditorium, Miramar, on October 1. Governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo will declare the festival open. Minister for forest and environment Alina Saldanha will be the guest of honour. The festival will begin with a theatrical presentation on environment. 'Turtles in a soup', the inaugural film will be screened on the occasion.World Elders' Day prog at Margao: Manik Publications, Quepem, will hold a programme on the occasion of World Elders' Day on Sept 30, at 3.30pm, at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao. Two books by poet Jess Fernandes, ' Render' and 'Tachem Goem' in Devanagri Konkani, and 'Toddy tapper and his Goa', an English translation, will be released on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16608555", "title": "Taking the bite out of crime and calamities", "text": "MYSORE: Teeth is the last thing to be destroyed in the human body. In many a plane crash, natural disaster or criminal cases, it is the teeth which has assisted in identification. Forensic odontology is the forensic science that is concerned with dental evidence. It has its main applications in identification of corpses and charred human remains and in bite analysis. In India the use of forensic dentistry in identifying bodies is still in its fledgling stages. JSS Medical College has started an MSc in forensic odontology course from this academic year. Forensic odontology is a branch of forensic medicine that deals with examination and presentation of dental evidence in the court of law. The work of forensic odontologists include identification of unknown human remains through dental records, age estimation of both living and dead persons, analysis of bite marks found on victims and presentation of bite mark evidence in court.Dr Balraj B M, , vice principal and head of forensic medicine, JSS Medical College said : \"There is a need for forensic odontologists as there are few of them in the country and they have done either a diploma or certificate course from foreign universities.\"When a body is completely charred only the teeth remain. A forensic odontologist can identify the body with the help of the teeth. This MSc course is a two-year course for MBBS and BDS graduates while it is a three-year course for BSc graduates. Head of anatomy department Dr N M Shamasundar said: \"For graduates from BSc, first year will focus on basic subjects like anatomy, physiology and bio chemistry. In second and third year they will learn about dentistry and forensic science.\"Dr Balraj said that the ministry of home affairs is planning to appoint qualified forensic odontologists at forensic laboratories across the state. There are enough job opportunities for them even in foreign countries. Forensic odontologists usually work as regular dentists much of the time, performing forensic examinations as needed at the request of local law or medical examiner, added Dr Shamasundhar. Vice-principal Balraj says there are plans to start certificate course in forensic odontology where police personnel can do the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16607524", "title": "Parrikar visits Baga beach to unshackle shack policy", "text": "CALANGUTE: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar visited Baga beach on Saturday evening to apprise himself with the problems faced by the beach shack operators vis-a-vis the new beach shack policy announced earlier this week.He was accompanied by tourism minister Dilip Parulekar and Calangute MLA Michael Lobo.John Lobo, general secretary of the Shack owners welfare society, was also present, along with a large number of beach shack operators from Calangute, Candolim, Vagator and other areas.Speaking to STOI, Parrikar said he was visiting Baga after nearly 10-15 years and wanted to see for himself what the conditions on the beach were like.\"It's one thing to sit in an office and imagine what the situation is like in Baga, but the ground reality is always a different thing altogether,\" he said, while walking around on the beach.After walking around the Baga end of the beach, he then boarded a lifeguard jeep to see for himself the distance from the Baga end to the lifeguard tower at the end of Sauntavaddo \"The distance is 900 meters,\" he remarked of the stretch which plays host to 26 beach shacks. This beach stretch is one of the main bones of contention with the new beach shack policy reducing the number of shacks here, one of the most lucrative beach stretches in Goa. \"As per my calculations, if a shack occupies eight meters width, then 26 shacks will occupy less than 25% of the beach stretch keeping most of it open,\" he said.While Parrikar and Parulekar both refused to make a firm commitment, indications are that the government may roll back the decision to reduce the number of beach shacks, maintaining the same number of shacks as in last year. An announcement in this regard may be made in a day or two.The number of beach beds, however, may not be increased beyond the five pairs announced in the new beach shack policy.According to MLA Lobo, this is because of high court directives that access to the beach should be free of obstructions.John Lobo, of the SOWS, said that shack operators were waiting for an official announcement from the government in the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16607979", "title": "I'm still a BJP worker: Sanjay Joshi", "text": "RAIPUR: Former Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) general secretary Sanjay Joshi, who had resigned from the party in June, claimed on Saturday that he was still in the party. \"I am still a BJP worker,\" Joshi told reporters here at the airport. He was in Chhattisgarh to attend a symposium organized by a non-political outfit.Joshi refused to answer questions about his alleged rift with Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi . Several key leaders of the BJP rank, including MP and tribal leader Nandkumar Sai, former state assembly speaker Premprakash Pandey and deputy speaker Narain Chandel were among several leaders who shared dais with Joshi at the symposium here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16608689", "title": "'Save your heart, its easy'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the occasion of World Heart Day on Saturday, doctors from the city expressed concern about the alarming rise in heart ailments reported from the region.Noted cardiologist Dr P C Saxena pointed out that Indians are already genetically prone to cardiac diseases and are born with thinner arteries, and are worsening the risk with their increasingly sedentary lifestyle, high-fat diet, and shunning of fruits and vegetables.Dr Saxena emphasised that in today's stressful environment, it has become crucial that each one of us takes some constructive steps to save the heart of our loved ones before it is too late, since prevention is easier than treatment.Dr Saxena also addressed several myths associated with heart diseases. He said, \"It is a myth that cardiovascular disease mostly affects males. In fact, heart disease is the reason for 1 in 3 female deaths each year. I request all Indian women caught up in their daily chores as ideal wives and mothers to take a moment for themselves and listen to their heart. After all, health of the entire family depends on them.\"He further said, \"Today, even children are at an increased risk of heart disease. So there is no age or gender bar for cardiovascular disease. India is being described today as the coronary disease and diabetes capital of the world. It is sad that we are losing so many young lives.\" \"But the solution is simple. We just need to make some small changes in our lifestyle. And if you are already suffering from a heart problem, follow the instructions given by your doctor rather than following Google.\"To combat heart disease in India, according to Dr Saxena , there needs to be a comprehensive approach which will require improvements in basic amenities, healthcare facilities and most importantly, education that will enable people to take responsibility for their own actions. Dr Saxena noted, \"For tuberculosis you have TB clinics. For malaria, you have the malaria control programme. For cardiovascular diseases, especially in rural areas, we have nothing so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16608457", "title": "Revised fee structure for passport to come into effect from tomorrow", "text": "TRICHY: The revised fee structure for passport and passport related services will come into effect from October 1, 2012, said a press statement from the Regional Passport Office in Trichy.The release said the passport fee for normal applications would be Rs 1,500 and for Tatkal applications Rs 3,500. As of now, the fees for normal and Tatkal applications are Rs 1,000 and Rs 2,500 respectively. The fees for normal applications for Indian citizens living abroad has also been revised to USD 75 (from 40) and to Euro 60 (from 48).The press statement also added that the current fees were fixed on March 29, 2002. As the expenditure processing passport applications had gone up on procurement of equipment, reimbursement to police authorities, cost relating to establishment, postal charges and printing of passport booklets had gone upin the last 10 years, the ministry of external affairs has decided to revise the passport fees.In Trichy region, there are two Passport Seva Kendras (PSK) functioning in Thanjavur and Trichy, covering Trichy, Karur, Pudukkottai, Ariyalur, Perambalur, Thanjavur, Thiruvarur and Nagappattinam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16607488", "title": "'Senior citizens need to re-orient for quality life'", "text": "PANAJI: A group of 30-odd senior citizens are seated facing the sea at the SAG complex in Campal on Saturday morning, listening intently to reiki grandmaster Hariharan Iyer.'How many of you have loved yourself after a very long time?' questions the reiki grandmaster, after completion of a meditation session, and over half-a-dozen raise their hands.Iyer then encouraged the group of 55-plus individuals to discuss their health issues and provide solutions. \"Weakness is an illness of the mind. It is not a disease,\" Iyer told one elderly lady.The group of elderly citizens were attending Celebrating Age - India Expo 2012 to be held at SAG complex on September 29 and 30 in the runup to the World Elders Day celebrated on October 1 globally.The unique exposition focuses on lifestyles that can be adopted by the elderly to live a comfortable and fruitful life post the age of 55. The lifestyles showcase is a joint initiative by International Longevity Centre India (ILC-I) and Vision India. The expo is supported by International Federation of Ageing and held in association with Times Ascent.\"The world-over persons over 55 are considered to be senior citizens, unlike in India where 60 plus are thought to be senior citizens. Citizens past the age of 55 need to know that retirement means only retirement from work and not life. Now-a-days science has led to an increase in life expectancy and one has 20 or more years to spend post-retirement. So the elderly need to learn to make themselves useful,\" Janaki Raman of Vision India said.Raman said that this calls for senior citizens to re-skill themselves. \"They have to deal with negative feelings and loneliness. So one has to re-skill himself by meditating and practicing yoga and reiki etc. We engage senior citizens in these activities at the two-day expo and get them to realize that if they can practice these for two days, they can do it everyday.\"Singing and dancing sessions are also conducted to help the elderly orient themselves to think that they too can engage in these activities, thought to be for younger persons in conservative societies like India, Raman said.\"We need to make devices which are senior citizen friendly like a toilet seat where the height can be adjusted to the need of the senior citizen at the press of a button and clothes which will not irritate their sensitive skin. We want to make policy makers aware of requirements of senior citizens,\" Raman said.The show also saw participation by various finance and banking companies to help those nearing the age of 45 about investing for a retired life well in advance.Tambola, housie, reiki and scientific yoga sessions are lined up for Sunday at the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608884", "title": "Anguished voices: Exiled Tibetans express pain through poems", "text": "\"Away from home... I live in my thirty-sixth rented room... with a trapped bee and a three-legged spider...\"McLEODGANJ: Dozens of similar lyrical thoughts, speaking volumes about the pain of exiled Tibetans of leaving behind their homes, relatives and friends and their decades-old yearning for freedom, resonated the deodar-covered hills of the picturesque town of McLeodganj on Saturday evening.Amid scores of people, including Tibetans and foreigners, five Tibetan poets read their own writings and works of famous poets to raise their voice against the Chinese government. The compositions were read out in Tibetan and Chinese language.The poetry session was quite interactive as participants also spoke with the audience and there was a discussion on varied subjects, including the Tibet cause, importance of free thoughts, youth power and democracy.\"We are forced to live in exile and not allowed to go to our home country. The idea behind this symposium was to express our sentiments and deep thoughts through the medium of poetry and writing. My writings have depicted the anguish emerging because of living away from our own brothers and sisters. Besides, I also recited couplets highlighting the urgency of free expression of thoughts,\" Bhuchung D Sonam (39), a Dharamshala-based poet and writer, told TOI.This event, which was part of the global initiative of a movement '100 Thousand Poets For Change' that has emerged from the US, was held at a quiet cafe in the solitary lanes on Dharamkot road.Works of participating poets expressed the deep desire of tens of hundreds of Tibetans to attain freedom and to live in a free Tibet.McLeodganj-based 'Tibet Writes', a congregation of young writers, organized the event to ensure that this sleepy town, situated in the foothills of Dhauladhar hills, became a part of the global movement.Twenty-nine-year-old Tenzin Tsundue, another Dharamshala-based writer and Tibetan activist, told TOI, \"I read three poems of Chinese peace laureate Liu Xiaobo , who is in a China jail right now. He has written these while sitting in the jail and they are based on optimism and positive thoughts. Besides, I also read one of my own poems.\"Also, the poetic writings of Tibetans, who are currently lodged in Chinese jails, were also read by the participants.\"As this is a global event, we are able to make our voices heard even at international level. Poetry is the best medium to convey our emotions, happiness and pain in a very effective manner. It is an unconventional way to play our part in the Tibet struggle,\" said Tashi Dorjee, a college student who was part of the audience.The global movementAs part of '100 Thousand Poets For Change' movement, around 100 similar events of poetry recitation took place simultaneously in different parts of the US, Europe and Asia on Saturday evening. The main event of this movement was held in Los Angeles .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16607784", "title": "Now, pisciculture helps poor farmers rake in the moolah", "text": "RANCHI: Hordes of poor farmers in Jharkhand have, of late, taken to pisciculture and are earning up to Rs 6 lakh per annum. This has led to a 1000% growth in fish seed production in the state in the last 10 years. In 2011-12 Jharkhand has produced 9,000 lakh tonnes of fish seeds against 900 lakh tonnes in 2001-02.The training provided by the state government has made farmers self-employed and also checked migration of villagers to cities. Over 1000 farmers who do the business on a large scale are earning Rs 25 lakh and more. In fact, Jharkhand produced a huge 91,000 tonnes of fish in 2011-12. It would get a further boost in the days to come. CM Arjun Munda on Saturday announced that Jharkhand fish would be sold across the country in next three years.Uttam Kumar Kushwaha, a semi-literate farmer, now earns Rs 6 lakh annually through pisciculture. \"In 2007 when I started my venture in fishery I did not have enough to eat,\" Kushwaha told TOI on the sidelines of Jharkhand Matsya Mahotsav on Saturday. The programme is being organized by the state animal and fisheries department.Kushwaha is among the 18,053 farmers of Jharkhand who attended the training programme on fisheries development at various levels. The Ramgarh farmer has his fish farm spread across 10 acres of land and has employed 20 co-villagers.Stories of other farmers are also heartening. \"I rear 1,500 quintals of fish in a year and it helps me do a business of Rs 25 lakh,\" said Mohd Ayneel Islam Ansari, a farmer from Dhanbad who fish farm is located on 200 acres of land.Fishery department secretary Arun Kumar Singh said, \"Their produce is high in demand. The local demand is itself huge but in addition to it they sell fish outside.\"From a dismal 10 acres of land, Ashok Mahto -- a farmer from Ramgrah -- has expanded his business to 100 acres by taking to pisciculture. Mahto has also established his own cooperative. \"Almost everyday local newspapers publish my success stories,\" said a proud Mahto whose annual turnover is more than Rs 25 lakh annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608185", "title": "Something special about Bengal, says Shah Rukh Khan video", "text": "KOLKATA: Get ready to see Shah Rukh Khan say \"There's something special about Bengal\" on your TV screens, the way Amitabh Bachchan urged the world to \"come, breathe in a bit of Gujarat\".The ad campaign, branded 'Bengal Leads', was released on Saturday and will hit TV screens in a few days.What's special about the SRK ad is that all the 'frames' and even the background were conceptualized by chief minister Mamata Banerjee , say sources at the CMO.It was Mamata's idea to rope in the Bollywood Badshah to add zing to Brand Bengal. Getting SRK to agree to be brand ambassador for Bengal was no less than a casting coup.The two-minute promotional film starts with the tune of Tagore's 'Banglar Mati Banglar Jal' in the background as SRK proudly showcases Bengal's jewels - the mysterious Sunderbans, picturesque Darjeeling, deep forests of North Bengal, and the crashing waves at Digha.The smartly made video aims to project the image of a new, resurgent Bengal to rope in investment and boost tourism. King Khan extols the cultural heritage and natural beauty of Sonar Bangla. Tagore's Santiniketan and religious sites like Dakshineswar and Belur Math also feature in the short film, which depicts Bengal as taking rapid steps in industrialization.The film is directed by Aniruddha Roy Choudhury and the music scored by Shantanu Moitra. Officials refused to say how much it cost. SRK is apparently not charging anything for it. He had joked earlier that \"free fish fries were his fee\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16608164", "title": "Emergency-like situation in Bihar: Rashtriya Janata Dal", "text": "PATNA: The RJD has charged chief minister Nitish Kumar with bringing an emergency-like situation in Bihar and condemned the manner in which workers of all opposition parties were rounded up and arrested under Section 107 of the CrPC in Supaul district, where the district SP forced closure of all shops, while in Araria all primary and secondary schools were forced to remain open even as the government had announced closure on account of Anant Chaturdashi.RJD state president Ramchandra Purbey, leader of opposition in the legislative assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui and general secretary Ram Kripal Yadav in a joint press conference said that these were not the only instances of police oppression during the CM's Adhikar Yatra in Kosi belt. They said heavy police deployment was made at Bhajanpura village of Forbesganj district, so that the family members of police firing victims could not meet the chief minister and express their woes. \"What is happening in Bihar? What is prevailing in Bihar - democracy or dictatorship? And, what message does Nitish Kumar want to give to the world?\" they asked.The RJD leaders further said the incidents at Khagaria and Begusarai were not solitary examples of people's protest during the CM's yatra. Earlier too, people had expressed their anger during his yatras in Buxar, Bikramganj, Sasaram, Chenari, Kaimur, Motihari, Bettiah, Muzaffarpur and Sheikhpura as well, but the CM simply ignored people's anger.The manner in which the CM spoke in threatening tone at Darbhanga and Khagaria speaks volumes about his dictatorial mindset, they alleged and asked whether the CM wanted to ignore the demands of students, unorganized workers, students and youths. \"Why is the CM converting his meeting venues in police garrison?,\" the RJD leaders asked and added that the real face of Nitish has now been exposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612528", "title": "Swetha Menon delivers baby live for film", "text": "Swetha Menon (Rajanna's Dorasani fame) gave birth to a baby girl at Nanavati Nursing Home in Mumbai under the arc lights.The story of Swetha's upcoming Malayalam film 'Kalimannu' revolves around the life of a pregnant woman. As the actress is pregnant and about to deliver the baby, the film's director insisted on using the live delivery for his film for naturality. Three cameras were fixed in the operation theatre at 4.45 pm and She delivered the baby at 5.27 pm. The kept rolling for about 45 minutes until the actress kissed the newborn on the forehead.Swetha wants to prove that delivery is like any other natural thing that happens in the life cycle. \"I decided to do this because of the message the movie carries. I was determined to give a natural birth,\" says Swetha.Despite being pregnant, Swetha has been shooting continuously for the past four months for this film. Industry people were shocked to know about the commitment and dedication of this actress. This bold move will give rise to a big discussion all over the country.Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607127", "title": "Saras manager caught taking bribe in Pratapgarh", "text": "JAIPUR: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Saturday arrested the manager of Saras's chilling plant in Pratapgarh after he was caught taking a bribe of Rs 40,000. The accused officer was demanding the bribe to approve samples of a supplier for purchasing milk from him.According to IG, ACB, Umesh Mishra, the manager, Dayashakar Dixit, was deputed at the dairy's chilling plant in Chhoti Sadari area of Pratapgarh.\"One Baluram, a milk supplier, had approached us saying that Dixit was demanding bribe of Rs 40,000 from him. He said that he supplied milk to the plant, but the manager threatened to fail the milk samples in tests if the bribe was not paid,\" said Mishra.The officer added that a trap was laid on the basis of the complaint. \"The complaint was found to be true in preliminary verification following which an ACB team accompanied Baluram to the place which Dixit had fixed to take the bribe,\" said the officer.The officer said that Dixit was caught red-handed and placed under custody. \"He has been booked under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. Searches at places belonging to him including his house and office are being conducted,\" said the officer.ACB claimed that the manager had taken Rs 40,000 from the same milk supplier in the past too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16608023", "title": "Over 60,000 students fill forms to laptop scheme of Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In less than 24 hours, over 60,000 students got themselves registered online for the free laptop scheme of the Gujarat Congress. The party had on Friday launched the online registration for getting free laptops. The Congress had earlier asked urban women voters to fill up form for affordable housing scheme and in the rural areas the women were asked to fill up form for the 100 sq yard free plot.Gujarat Pradesh Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi said that the maximum online registration was from Central Gujarat where 23,570 students have been registered. In North Gujarat, 16,785 students, in Saurashtra 13,781 students and in South Gujarat 12,576 students got themselves registered for the scheme.Congress has announced that if elected to power in the forthcoming elections in the state, it would give branded laptops with dual core processor and four GB RAM to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16607266", "title": "Traders block Nepal border in Maharajganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: Tension prevailed in Sonauli area on Indo-Nepal border in Nautanwa tehsil of Maharajganj district on Saturday after traders pulled down their shutters and blocked the entry of vehicles from Nepal to India. It was in retaliation to the denial of entry to traders, people and tourists from India to Nepal by a splinter group of Nepal's Maoist Party as a part of its anti-India agitation. The district authorities have stepped up securityalong the border.Traders said that Maoists on the other side of border are attacking and looting Indian traders and not allowing trucks and tourists to enter for last few days. \"On an average, per day transaction between India and Nepal through Sonauli is Rs five crore. In last 10 days, traders in the district have suffered huge loss,\" Omkarnath, president of a local trader association, told TOI.\"The blockade has resulted in hundred of trucks carrying goods and essential commodities getting stranded. We have requested the UP government to take up our cause with the Centre and resolve the issue by talking to the government of Nepal as early as possible,\" he said.When contacted, SN Dubey, district magistrate of Maharajganj, when contacted, said that the anti-India group has stopped entry of trucks, traders and tourists from India. He said that the problem is due to some trouble makers on the other side of the border and not because of the Nepal government. Commissioner, Gorakhpur division, K Ravindra Naik has also taken stock of the situation. \"Additional force has been deployed in the area as precautionary measure,\" he said and added that district administration has informed the state government about the situation. Sonauli in Maharajganj is one of the entry points among several along Indo-Nepal border for free trade as per a treaty between the two countries. Also, people on both the sides move freely and visit each other. In fact, many families have relatives on the other side of the border.Traders informed that the dissident faction of Nepal's Maoist Party is creating trouble after parting ways with the party led by Prachand in June this year. The leader of the faction, Mohan Vaidya Kiran has accused Prachand of deviating from the revolutionary ideals. Kiran has floated a new party - Nepal Communist Party Maoist, and has demanded scraping all treaties signed with India, including Nepal-India Peace and Friendship Treaty of 1950. The new party has launched a movement against the plying of vehicles bearing Indian registration number, screening of Hindi movies and broadcast of Hindi songs by FM radios in Nepal.Citing a report prepared by the administration for the government, sources said that the anti-India Maoists group could have support of China. \"We have an input that the Kiran faction is being supported by the Chinese agencies who want to see how India reacts to the trouble. We have also sought the Centre's intervention as soon as possible,\" a senior government official told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16608698", "title": "Himachal Pradesh assembly elections: BJP releases first list of 25 candidates", "text": "SHIMLA: Staying away from any controversy over the issue of ticket distribution, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) released its first list of 45 candidates on Friday night, retaining names of majority of ministers and MLAs. Decision on the remaining 23 seats has been posted for October 3 as there are many contenders for these seats.Chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal, whose old constituency Bamsan, has been scrapped following delimitation, will contest from Hamirpur while Urmil Thakur has been shifted to Sujanpur. Delimitation of constituencies has left two cabinet ministers fighting for one seat while senior party leader and assembly speaker Tulsi Ram has been forced to wait till the second list comes out. However, IAS officer P S Drailk, who had recently applied for voluntary retirement, has been made a candidate from Rampur seat.Irrigation and public health minister Ravinder Singh Ravi, who represented Thural constituency in Kangra district, is now staking claim over Jawalamukhi seat, which is also being claimed by food and civil supplies minister Ramesh Dhwala, who is being requested to shift to Dehra. The deadlock continues with Dhwala not ready to shift his base.Former health minister Rajeev Bindal, who was forced to resign following leveling of corruption allegations against him by Congress and his own partymen, has been fielded from Nahan as his traditional Solan seat has been reserved this time.The tussle between Ravi and Dhwala is having a direct bearing on chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal and senior party leader Shanta Kumar. While Ravi is close to Dhumal, Dhwala is a close confidante of Shanta Kumar. Stiff opposition from Shanta Kumar also led to staunch Dhumal loyalist Rakesh Pathania, who is an associate MLA of BJP, being denied ticket from Nurpur.In the last election too BJP had denied ticket to Pathania, after which he contested the election as an independent and won. It was being speculated that due to his close proximity to Dhumal, Pathania would manage to get ticket. In a bid to placate Shanta Kumar, Pathania had recently met him on his birthday but this too failed to do any good to him. Now once again the stage is set for a tough battle between Pathania and BJP candidate Ranvir Nikka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16607528", "title": "Vedanta employees beseech Naveen Patnaik to provide bauxite lifeline", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Starving for bauxite and on the verge of closure, the Vedanta alumina refinery at Lanjigarh on Saturday had its employees knock on the door of chief minister Naveen Patnaik here to intervene.A 30-member delegation comprising local community leaders, among others, met the chief minister at his residence and told him that unless the state government acted urgently in arranging the main raw material for the one mtpa capacity refinery, their future, along with the livelihood sources of hundreds of local people, would be doomed soon. The company had recently intimated the state government its plan to shut down the plant from December 5 being unable to run it any more with no raw material in hand, primarily bauxite.Sources said the chief minister during his brief meeting with the delegation assured to take 'necessary action'. He said the chief secretary, whom the delegation met on Friday, had already apprised him of the problem faced by the factory.The alumina refinery by the Vendanta group is the only major industry in the backward tribal region of Kalahandi district. It was set up at an estimated cost of Rs 10,000 crore after the state gave firm assurance to supply bauxite. The chief minister himself had laid the foundation stone in 2003.The company, while intimating the state government about the plan to close down the factory, had held it responsible for its present predicament saying let alone provide bauxite, the state government did not even bother to process as many as 26 applications it submitted for mines.The employees submitted a memorandum to the chief minister, highlighting the closure notice given by the company and said the factory has ushered in prosperity in many ways for Kalahandi region in the shape of employment to local people, establishment of an international school for 500 children, a modern hospital and taking over mid-day meals for school children in the area.\"The plant has given employment to more than 3,500 people and an equal number in indirect services like bauxite transportation, unloading, etc. From its inception, the plant has improved economic conditions from Rayagada to Bhawanipatna and today a large number of people have taken loans from banks to promote their self-entrepreneurship,\" the memorandum said. \"The suspension of the expansion project has already impacted a large number of people. If immediate measures are not taken to ensure security for the raw material, the closure of the plant will seriously impact the economic conditions of all the residents of the region and will take the area again back to pre-industrialization when it was known for malnutrition, poverty, malarial death, cholera, diarrhea, lack of health, education and infrastructure,\" the memorandum added.Besides the refinery, Anil Agarwal's Vedanta Aluminium Ltd (VAL) is the only major private industrial house, which has invested nearly Rs 40,000 crore in the state and set up 1215 mw captive power plant, a 2400 mw independent power plant at Jharsuguda and 0.5 million ton aluminum smelter. The refinery was being expanded to 6 mtpa capacity, of which 70% work was over when a plethora of problems cropped up, blocking the ongoing works as well as procuring mines from other states. The company said the factory was designed only to use the quality of bauxite available in Odisha and that it has already incurred a loss of over Rs 2,500 crore by procuring raw material from outside the state at a far higher price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610728", "title": "Parthiv Gohil enthrals Barodians", "text": "Parthiv Gohil needs no introduction. And this singer, who remains Gujarat's pride, had a memorable concert at Vadodara recently. Recollecting about it, Parthiv says, \"It was a wonderful evening organized by Swar Gunjan, where I sung some compositions by Vihar Majmudar dedicated to Mataji. There were also other popular compositions by Avinash Vyas, and it turned out to be quite a versatile and fun-filled show. Vadodara always has something wonderful to offer whenever I come here for performances,\" says Parthiv.Asked about his personal favorites from the world of music, Parthiv says, \"I have grown up admiring the amazing works of Beethoven and Yanny. I also really enjoyed listening to the compositions of Shankar Jaikishan and Madan Mohan. In today's musical scenario, I enjoy listening to Salim-Sulaiman, Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy and Amit Trivedi.\"So are we going to hear more of him in B-Town films in the near future? \"Yes, there are projects lined up but I will like to talk about them only when the films near release. Often, it happens with us singers that we record for a film and it gets released years after that! But I am in a very happy space right now and am eagerly looking forward to my new single as well as new album, both of which will be out soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607072", "title": "Amber palace-Jaigarh fort tunnel opening today", "text": "JAIPUR: The much-talked about Amber Palace - Jaigarh Fort tunnel will be inaugurated on Sunday morning.At present, half of the tunnel (from Amber Palace to Ganesh Pol) has been renovated. It is approximately 400 metres in length. The other half will be operational soon.An agreement to this effect has been signed between the department of archaeology &amp; museums and Jaigarh Public Charitable Trust. The path along the tunnel is made motorable. Tourists taking the tunnel from Amber Palace will have to climb out at Ganesh Pol.To facilitate the tourists to reach Jaigarh, battery-operated golf carts will be operated from Ganesh Pol to Awani Gate (entry to Jaigarh Fort). At Ganesh Pol, a resting space has been developed. Shortly, toilets will also be constructed at Ganesh Pol.The Project is undertaken in PPP (Public, Private, Partnership) mode between department of archaeology and museums and Jaigarh Public Charitable Trust. There will be no entry fee for the tunnel.It is believed that the tunnel was constructed probably in 18th century as a defence mechanism. In case of an attack on Amber Palace, the royal family, noble men and others could be evacuated undetected from the palace to the fort which was well defended by the army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607159", "title": "Sibling revelry: After Babita, Geeta too bags bronze at Worlds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mahabir Singh was a proud father on Saturday as his daughters - Geeta and Babita - continued to make history in the field of Indian women's wrestling.After Babita Phogat (51kg) clinched a bronze medal for India in the ongoing World Championships in Edmonton ( Canada ) on Friday, her elder sister Geeta (55kg) added the second bronze to India's medal tally on Saturday.Geeta, who became the first Indian woman wrestler to qualify for the Olympics, posted a note of thanks on her social networking site. \"Thanks to all my well wishers for their love and prayers. I have also got a bronze medal for India,\" Geeta wrote on Saturday.Father Mahabir, who has coached his daughters in the backyard of his house, said: \"It's a good beginning. Babita will learn her lessons from this and will get the much needed motivation to carry on the hard work.\"Babita was involved in a legal battle against her counterpart Neha Rathi ahead of team's departure for the Asian qualification tournament. Babita was left out for being overweight and had then sought the sports ministry's help for a fair trail, following which Neha had approached the Delhi High Court.The performance is an improvement on the lone bronze won by Alka Tomar in 2006 in China.Geeta, who was up against Russia's Maria Gurova in the pre-quarterfinals, won on technical points. However, the Indian then lost to her Japanese opponent Saori Yoshida, who went on to win the gold. American Helen Louise Maroulis took the silver.In the repechage round 1, Phogat got the better of Ukraine's Nataliya Synyshyn 3-0 to take the bronze. Maria Prevolaraki of Greece won the other bronze beating Canada's Brittaneee Morgana Laverdure in Repechage 2.Geeta had suffered a first-round loss in the London Games and Saturday's medal will give the gutsy grappler much-needed boost.India's Shipi Sheoran and Navjot Kaur finished fifth in 59 kg and 67 kg respectively. Meanwhile, P Gursharan made a first round exit in the 72 kg category while Priyanka Singh (48kg) and Sakshi Malik (63kg) also failed in their attempt to advance to the medal rounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16607693", "title": "Civic nod for new residential area development policy", "text": "RANCHI: A new \"residential area development policy\" drafted by the Ranchi Municipal Corporation has been approved by the civic board in Sunday's meeting and it will soon be forwarded to the state government for its approval.The policy has been drafted for public welfare, said mayor Rama Khalkho. \"According to the policy, any builder making a residential complex will have to reserve 20% of the area for the people belonging to lower income group,\" she added.According to the draft, if there is a government land available near the area where a builder is constructing a residential complex, the government land will be given to the builder who will develop it and keep half the land, returning the other half to the government.Khalkho said, \"Now the builders just make the buildings and hand it over to the buyers. Once the policy is approved, the builder will have to provide water, electricity and road facility to the residents too. The RMC will not be responsible for any of it. Also the builders will arrange for parking, rain water harvesting and other such facilities.\"In the board meeting, the proposal of making 10 roads and eight drains in the city was approved. Many other proposals related to public welfare were discussed and approved in the meeting.Khalkho said, \"A medical store providing 24X7 facilities will be made by the RMC at Albert Ekka Chowk. Also a park will be constructed next to the under-construction vegetable market at Madhukam Khadgadha for the locals.\"On the demand of a ward councillor, it was decided that a fixed rate for cremating bodies would be decided as the people at the crematoriums demand high amount of money, creating a problem for poor people.The board also took a decision regarding distribution of funds among councillors. Khalkho said, \"Earlier the funds were distributed equally among the ward councillors so that they can finish the work in their areas. Now, the funds will be given according to the priority of the work in every ward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16608688", "title": "No 'fair' play at Hercules Mountain Biking Himachal this time", "text": "SHIMLA: Unlike past when a larger number of women cyclists used to participate in the Hercules Mountain Biking (MTB) Himachal, this year only two women are competing in the main solo event with two-three more as weekend participants. The 8th edition of MTB kick started on Saturday from Shimla. In 2011, nearly six women had taken part in the main event.Malvika Jain (Delhi), who is participating in the main event, said, \"Cycling is so much fun and is the best way of exploring places. This is an individual sport rather than being classified on gender terms. Women in India are getting attracted to it and across the metros we have different clubs where a huge number of women riders are members. This year the number is abysmally low, however, it would be challenging traversing the Himalayas and we are looking forward for the thrill in the 438km uphill trail journey in eight days.\"Monica, from Amritsar, who earned second position in MTB in 2010-11, said, \"With cycling on a rough terrain of HP, we can prove our mettle in field, which is considered a male bastion. One of the reasons for lesser participation from women in this field this year is lack of sponsors as well lack of training schools as it is quite an expensive passion to pursue.\"Anita Groser, participating for the second time in a row as a weekend rider said, \"Cycling is one of the most eco-friendly passions and the best way to stay fit.\"\"Himachal is one of the safest places to pursue this passion and it has best trails to see the countryside,\" said alumna of Sanawar School, Anita, adding that, \"coming back to Shimla is reliving the old memories, but its no more green as it used to be.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16608836", "title": "Traders meet today to decide on FDI protest", "text": "BHOPAL: Traders in the state are meeting here on Sunday to work out the format for a long-drawn agitation against the Union government's decision to allow foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail sector. The meeting has been convened by the Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT).Radheyshyam Maheshwari, national vice president CAIT said, \"The CAIT state core committee would meet whereby the blue-print of the agitation would be drafted. The meeting would be attended by different representatives of the trade organisations.\"Talking about the nationwide format of agitation decided so far, he said, \"As of now, on Gandhi Jayanti (October 2) the trade associations will observe the day as \"Sadbudhhi Day\" during which the traders and other people will gather at statute of Mahatma Gandhi and pray for the good sense to prevail upon the government to roll back the decision to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail.\"\"Also, a black flag campaign would be launched from October 2 wherein all traders will hoist black flags outside every retail shop as a mark of protest against the decision to allow FDI and to generate a public awareness. This would continue for three months. Besides, public address systems would be used to create awareness among the general public about the issue,\" he said.\"We would also support any political leader or party that introduces a cut motion against FDI in the winter session of the assembly and would take out a protest march in their support,\" Maheshwari said.Besides a state-level conference would also be held in another three months including traders, hawkers and other stake holders, he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16611179", "title": "Vikram nearing fifty but still 6-Pack", "text": "One of the most toughest things to do in fitness is get a six pack ab. The story doesn't end there, one has to follow a strict discipline if that has to be kept intact. And age is also another crucial factor. Usually youngsters can get that shape easily. But here is one man who is 50 but still got a six-pack.He is none other than Vikram and it is heard that this handsome hero has been seen in a six-pack avatar in the new movie 'Shiva Thandavam'. It is heard that Vikram worked real hard to get into this shape and he has taken the services of the fitness expert Alkhas Joseph for this one.Joseph was once the trainer for hot star Suriya who still maintains a six-pack. The Tamil version of the film 'Thaandavam' has already released and the response has been good. The Telugu version is arriving on October 5th. Vikram has paired up with the awesome beauty Anushka in this one.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16608005", "title": "More boots on the ground", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There will be one paramilitary jawan present for every 365 voters in state in the likely scenario of a two-phase election. This will be over and above the state police force and home guards.Officials in the election commission said the home department has, in a communique to the election commission of India, made it clear that it would make available 52,000 paramilitary personnel for deployment in during the assembly elections.An official source said that with a view of availability of forces, it was clear that the election would be held in two phases. There are 44,496 polling booths at present, and with the increase in voters this number was going to increase. There are several booths where the number of voters has exceeded 1,500 and there was a need for auxiliary booths.Officials said that this would mean that there would be one paramilitary jawan and nearly 1.5 state police jawans per booth - usually this means 1,500 voters.Officials said that in 2002, in the wake of communal disturbances after the post-Godhra riots, just 400 companies of paramilitary forces were sent to the state and elections were held in a single phase. In 2007, 500 companies were deployed for a two-phase election. Congress had demanded a single-phase poll in 2007. Gujarat had earlier witnessed a two-phase poll in 1995 too.The term of the 182-member Gujarat assembly ends on January 17. Fearing the use of money power in Gujarat, the commission is also engaged in identifying the number of 'expenditure sensitive' constituencies in the state.Officials said that the election commission was free to announce the election schedule at any time. According to the rules, the notification declaring the voting dates and last date of nomination has to be published one month before the date of voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16606923", "title": "Defence Colony heist cracked by police?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police claims to have identified at least four men involved in Friday's daring raid on a bank's cash van at Defence Colony. One of them has reportedly been arrested by the South District police. There were unverified reports that a significant portion of the looted money had also been recovered. Most of the police action centred on the Hauz Rani and Khirki Extension areas on Saturday afternoon, within 30 hours of the robbers fleeing with Rs 5.25 crore after killing a guard.A guard had been shot before the assailants fled with the van carrying Rs 5.25 crore.Delhi Police has made an important breakthrough within 30 hours of the daring strike on a bank's cash van at Defence Colony on Friday. It claims to have identified at least four men involved in the heist.A guard had been shot before the assailants fled with the van carrying Rs 5.25 crore. One of these men is reported to have been arrested by the South District police and there were unverified reports that a significant portion of the money has been recovered. Most of the police action centred on the Hauz Rani and Khirki Extension area on Saturday afternoon.Sources in the crime branch, which is also investigating the case, confirmed that the case would be cracked soon. Extensive raids are being carried out in parts of south and southwest Delhi. According to sources, one Dipak alias Biloo, a resident of Nasirpur near Palam village, is the mastermind. \"The three others who have been identified re his henchmen,'' said the sources. Leads from the scene of crime, including CCTV footage, use of human resources and leads from Hauz Rani, where the accused had dumped the cash van, an Eeco, had helped cops trace the accused. Mobile phone surveillance from the area of occurrence also helped in the probe, claimed the sources.The first clue to the Defence Colony heist came from an unexpected source. The driver of the van, Anil, had reportedly left his mobile phone on the dashboard of the car. \"The PCR call came at 1.13pm and we reached the spot at 1.19pm. We questioned the occupants of the van and immediately flashed the number on our wireless around 1.29pm. Anil's phone was put on surveillance and we found the car at Hauz Rani though the accused had covered it up. Locating this car by 2.30pm helped us take the first steps,\" said a police source.On Saturday morning, the police found two empty boxes in Khirki village, close to a Saket mall, in which the cash was originally being carried. Sources said each box had around Rs 2.10 crore. Eyewitnesses told the police that the boxes were not around till 7am. A Delhi Jal Board guard, Lakhan, noticed them first and alerted the Malviya Nagar police. \"We knew the accused had never left south Delhi. We then got CCTV footage from all possible route locations of south Delhi, including the BRT corridor,\" said a source.Cops said they questioned over 50 people from the security agency, the bank and local shops before building on leads. The driver and guards of the van were also questioned. DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma refused to comment, saying merely that the leads \"have been highly encouraging\".Sources said that the driver, Anil, had told them that the route he had taken was the only way to take a U-turn towards the ICICI bank's branch at Lajpat Nagar-I and that he used the same route every time he delivered cash from the Hauz Khas branch. \"He told us that this radio taxi from Faridabad was being used extensively since September 3 and that it was among the few cars in the agency that were yet to be armoured. Someone knew this car was being used extensively due to month-end pressure. It was to be decommissioned on October 1,\" said a source.In a daring strike on Friday afternoon, in a service lane right next to the BRT bottleneck at Defence Colony, the robbers had shot at the guard of the cash van and driven away with the booty. The gang - which had at least seven men - was lying in wait in a car, just after a petrol pump. There were four men in the car, armed with weapons, and probably more on the ground. About two hours later, the van was found abandoned at Hauz Rani in south Delhi. The guard, Munne Singh, 32, died late at night.The van, a Maruti Eeco, belongs to a private cash replenishment company, Premiere Shield. According to the police, the cash had been withdrawn from the Hauz Khas branch of ICICI Bank and was being taken to its Lajpat Nagar-I branch.The robbery, which took place around 1pm outside a leading food store located at D-12, Defence Colony - barely 200 metres away from the Lajpat Nagar Metro station - was carried out in less than five minutes and seemed to have been meticulously planned. Sources said the robbers were waiting in a white Hyundai Verna car with registration number HR-26 A Q 0051 outside the store. It was later learnt that it had been stolen from Faridabad seven months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16607902", "title": "Sex for cash? Actor denies Bo link-up", "text": "BEIJING: Actress Zhang Ziyi has reacted angrily to reports that she slept with disgraced Chinese leader Bo Xilai for money. Zhang, who has featured in films like 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon', asked her critics to verify 'the character of their mothers'' before accusing her.The statement, the second since she first denied the accusation five months back, came a day after Bo was expelled from the Communist Party for corruption and improper sexual liaisons. Bo is expected to be prosecuted for several charges including misuse of power and illicit sex for money.\"To those who are still asking me if I was involved, I told you five months ago in a clear-cut manner that I was not. Today I will give you a more straightforward answer: Go home and ask your mom if she was there. If she was, then so was I,\" tweeted Zhang, whose new film 'Dangerous Liaisons', released in China last Thursday, is ironically about a sex scandal.Zhang said her self-restraint has been badly shaken because \"people were gossiping about it\" five months after she refuted it. \"At this time, even the most self-restraint and best mannered people cannot afford to tolerate these people who help spread rumours,\" she said in another tweet.The Beijing-born actress, who lives in Hong Kong, is fighting the city's Apple Daily and the US-based China Free Press, which published reports saying she had sexual relationships with a number of high-ranking Chinese officials including Bo in exchange for roughly $100 million over the last 10 years.As rumours continued to make rounds during the long interrogation of Bo, Zhang said in a statement, \"This time, we are telling those rumour-spinners that we will respond. We will prove our side of the story and we'll seek legal justice. We will find you in the darkest corner and go after you.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16607193", "title": "Abducted 7-year-old's body found in Mirzapur nullah", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mutilated body of a seven years old boy of Manaknagar area, kidnapped on September 20, was found from a nullah at a jungle in Mirzapur district on Saturday morning.The child, Ashish Pandey, was the only son of Ratnesh and Sangeeta Pandey, residents of Surya Vihar Colony in Manaknagar area and was born to the couple after 10 years of marriage.Crime branch of Lucknow police was able to recover the body after the sleuths nabbed Mukesh Kumar Kole, one of the kidnappers. Mukesh is a resident of the nearby area, the cops said.A student of City Montessori School, Rajendranagar branch, Ashish, had come out from the school on September 20, when he was lured by the kidnappers, one of whom knew Ashish well.According to Mukesh, son of an ASI with Railway Protection Force, Ashish's neighbour Pawan alias Vicky led the kidnapping drama with his friends Rabindra Sonker alias Guddu and Akram.Pawan met Ashish after school and lured the boy to come with him on a motorcycle. Since, Ashish knew Pawan well, he didn't hesitate and went. Pawan and his aides took Ashish till Sujanpura where they shifted into an Indigo car driven by Akram. Pawan and his aides took Ashish to Allahabad where they tried to purchase a new SIM card with a fake identity proof. Failing in their attempt, they moved towards Mirzapur district.Around 7.30pm, Ashish started crying for help, so they decided to kill him, Mukesh told the police. On the way, the kidnappers strangulated him, took off his uniform and threw it in Tauns river in Mirzapur and later threw the body in a nullah in the thickets under Halliya police station area in Mirzapur district. But before doing all that, the kidnappers had recorded the voice of Ashish in which he had said: \"Mummy, I am with bhaiyya and will come back soon\".After committing the crime, the four kidnappers returned home. However, Pawan noticed police activity in the area and fled the spot. Assuming that the police would not be able to doubt his involvement, Mukesh stayed in his house.Since Pawan had been booked in an attempt to murder case earlier, the police and family members of Ashish had always been suspicious of him and his absence from his house confirmed his involvement.Though Mukesh has told the crime branch that Pawan orchestrated the kidnapping of Ashish for ransom, the fact that he didn't make any extortion call has puzzled the cops. Mukesh told the police that when they were unable to purchase a new sim card, it was decided not to make any ransom call and kill the boy instead, since Ashish had come to know Pawan's ill intent and was likely to put him in the dock. The two other SIMs the kidnappers had already been using were acquired on fake identity proof. The cops also doubt involvement of a distant relative of Ashish's mother and suspect a property matter could be the motive behind the crime. The police are on the hunt for the other three kidnappers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16608505", "title": "A fun-loving youngster, not interested in politics", "text": "MADURAI: For years, DMK men in Madurai would jump in joy on September 27, the day Durai Dhayanidhi Alagiri, son of DMK's MK Alagiri, celebrates his birthday. Posters and banners would decorate the walls of the city, praising Dhayanidhi in well thought out honorifics in tune with Dravidian politics. DMK men would also go about town distributing sweets in sheer admiration of their leader's son.But this year, the day passed off with little cheer and jubilation. Let alone the fact that Dhayanidhi was not there to celebrate his birthday, DMK men were not even aware of his whereabouts. By and large, Dhayanidhi stayed away from active politics, but he has become the first person in the Karunanidhi family to get hunted by the police to the extent that a lookout circular was issued, after the AIADMK assumed charge in Tamil Nadu.A partner in Olympus Granites, one of the companies accused in the multi-crore illegal granite scam, police are tightening the screws on Dhayanidhi. Even as 15 teams have launched a hunt for the accused in the scam including Dhayanidhi, the police continued to quiz relatives and friends of his father to find his whereabouts. Dhayanidhi has been evading arrest since August 7 when a case accusing him of theft and cheating was registered against him in connection with the granite loot.Dhayanidhi Alagiri's earliest brush as a public face was when he started Dhaya Cricket Academy. An avid cricket player, Dhaya patronized the academy and encouraged many youth to play cricket. After his engineering graduation from Anna University, Dhayanidhi was also the first in the Karunanidhi clan to enter the IT business with a cyber park in Madurai. Apparently inspired by Kalanithi Maran and Udayanidhi Stalin, he also entered Kollywood. Though the IT park was not promising, he tasted success as a producer with nearly a dozen films under his Cloud Nine banner including \"Tamil Padam\", a spoof of stereotypings in Tamil films. Durai also held 50% shares in cable MSO JAK communications, but later sold off the stake.DMK men though uncertain about his business acumen say it was his penchant for business and attempts to try his hand in new ventures that landed him in trouble. \"He knew little about granite or export business. But for the fact that granite was proving to be a money minting venture, we are not quite clear why Dhayanidhi decided to enter the granite industry,\" says a DMK insider. He also said it was persuasion by an existing granite exporter - who in a bid to please Alagiri - got Dhayanidhi into the industry.But DMK men in Madurai say he did not appear to have any political ambitions. \"He came out more as a fun-loving, party-going youth, more interested in business ventures rather than politics. In Madurai, he would often turn down invitations from partymen for events,\" says another party functionary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16607703", "title": "Headmaster in jail for funds misuse", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Headmaster of Birsa Vidyalaya Mandir located at Demotand was sent to jail on Saturday after he surrendered before a court on the charges of defalcation of government funds of over Rs 10 lakh.Three days ago, an FIR was lodged alleging that headmaster Mukhdeo Singh had misused over Rs 10 lakh given by the state government for providing stipends and scholarships to the students of the school. The state education department, including the district superintendent of education, had asked for a detailed report on utilization and distribution of scholarships to the beneficiaries but the accused did not provide them.School secretary Chaudhury Sao lodged the FIR with the HazaribagMufassil police station. Singh surrendered at the Hazaribag CJM court which sent him to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16608142", "title": "Mahakumbh preparations to finish by November 30", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In order to strengthen the existing infrastructure in the form of road, power supply, water supply, health facilities, sanitation, food and civil supply, security and traffic arrangements Kumbh Mela authorities are undertaking various measures which have been categorised into permanent and temporary works.Mela Adhikari, Mani Prasad Mishra said that among temporary works include strengthening and widening of 324 kms of road by Public Works Department(PWD). Around 53% of work has already been completed while the remaining 47% would be completed by November 30 this year. Jal Nigam would construct 3 water reservoirs and 3 tubewells while reboring of 4 existing tubewells would be done.More than 85 percent of work for 3 water reservoirs has been done uptil now and work on 2 out of the 3 new tubewells has already been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16607402", "title": "A welcome touch to Kochi Biennale", "text": "KOCHI: When Kochi-Muziris Biennale 2012 opens on December 12, it would invite attention to even the finer details of works created by celebrated artists from across the globe.And, true to the theme of the Biennale, the functional structures too would vie for attention during the event.One such work would be the information kiosk to be set up at the Fort Kochi Beach.The structure, designed by Kochi-based architect Jayagopal G Rao, would be constructed using arecanut posts, leaves and bamboo.Unlike an ordinary information centre, the building would facilitate the visitors to sit and read about the Biennale, the works and artists.\"We would be using local material for constructing the kiosk. We have decided on a contemporary form to suit the theme of the event,\" said Rao.The estimated cost is Rs 10 lakh, and the Biennale officials are yet to fix the exact location for the building.\"Since it is on the beach, we will have to get the permission of the authorities. And the work would start only towards the beginning of the event,\"' said Bose Krishnamachari, president of the Kochi Biennale Foundation.Kochi: When Kochi-Muziris Biennale 2012 opens on December 12, it would invite attention to even the finer details of works created by celebrated artists from across the globe. And, true to the theme of the Biennale, the functional structures too would vie for attention during the event. One such work would be the information kiosk.To be set up at the Fort Kochi beach, this structure is designed by Kochi-based architect Jayagopal G Rao. Using only areca nut posts, leaves and bamboo, this kiosk would constructed in such a way to merge with the surroundings.Unlike an ordinary information centre, this building would have facilities for visitors to sit and read about the Biennale, the works and artists, acting as the perfect welcome to the event.\"It is the shape that evokes interest, and we would be using only local materials for the construction. We decided on a contemporary form to suit the theme of the event,\" said Jayagopal Rao.The estimated cost is Rs 10 lakh, and the Biennale officials are yet to find the exact location for the building.\"Since it is on the beach, we will have to get the permission of the authorities. And the work would start only towards the beginning of the event,\"' said Bose Krishnamachari, president of the Kochi Biennale Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608750", "title": "Why are we still delivering justice in a bullock cart?", "text": "Senior Supreme Court lawyer KTS Tulsi tells Manoj Mitta that crimes can reduce if India's status as an IT powerhouse is leveraged to improve the functioning of the police and judiciary.What do you make of the sudden spurt in crimes such as murder and rape, especially affecting the middle class?The spurt is as much a reflection of the increasing immorality and materialism as it is of the decreasing deterrent value of the dysfunctional criminal justice system.What are the reforms that need to be made urgently to the criminal justice system?It's time we stopped thinking in terms of illiberal measures such as enacting stiffer penalties, reversing the burden of proof or even increasing the number of judges. Rather, we should be more creative in applying modern technology to the criminal justice system, leveraging our country's status as an IT powerhouse . It's a travesty that in this supersonic age, we are delivering justice in a bullock cart. Why do Indian courts, for instance, depend on the ability of judges to record evidence in long hand? Or on semi-literate typists who make hordes of mistakes ? The output of Indian judges is 25 pages per day while the corresponding figure for their American counterparts is 300 pages. This is mainly because American judges are equipped with high-tech facilities for recording and transcribing evidence.Do you think technology can make such a difference to the functioning of the police as well?Of course, it can. After all, the procedure for recording FIRs has remained unchanged since the 19th century . The infusion of IT in the registration of FIRs will make justice more accessible. Instead of going to the police station , you will just have to make a phone call and give information about the crime. There should be automatic recording of every call to the police station, with the facility of simultaneous relay to patrol vehicles in the vicinity of the caller. The recording machine should replace the existing \"daily diary\" of the police station. Besides, every police station should have CCTV and interrogation rooms equipped with cameras so that witness statements can be recorded faithfully and without any duress.How will modernization of police stations check shoddy investigation?We have traditionally depended far too much on the vagaries of oral evidence. Combined with chronic delays, this has resulted in low conviction rates. Technology can retrieve the situation by shifting the focus of the investigation from witness statements to the more objective scientific evidence. For this, every police station should have a mobile forensic van, which can accompany the homicide squad to the crime scene. This will help preserve the sanctity of the crime scene so that evidences in the form of finger prints and other telltale signs can be lifted before they are contaminated. Scientific evidence can bring out the truth in no time and expedite investigation and prosecution. It will also reduce the chances of innocent persons being arrested and tried.When prosecution witnesses turn 'hostile' in the court, isn't it more likely to be due to flawed investigation rather than because they had been bought off by accused persons?The application of technology to court management can drastically reduce scope for framing innocent persons or suborning witnesses. All serious offences punishable with imprisonment of at least seven years are tried in sessions courts. Thanks to the possibilities offered by technology, we have the means to restore the original meaning of sessions courts, which is courts that would try each case at a stretch on a day-to-day basis in a single session. This will not only increase the disposal of cases but also help witnesses discharge their civic duty without having to visit courts endlessly.Reports by Soumitra Bose (Nagpur); Sayantanee Choudhury &amp; Gyan Prakash (Patna); Ashish Mehta (Jaipur); Debabrata Mohapatra (Bhubaneswar); Sukhbir Siwach &amp; Priya Yadav (Chandigarh); Parth Shastri (Ahmedabad); Mihir Tanksale, Aseem Shaikh &amp; Neha Madaan (Pune); Pranjal Baruah (Guwahati), Rajiv Srivastava (Lucknow); Alok K Mishra (Ranchi); Saibal Sen (Kolkata); Ajay Kanth (Kochi) and Rajiv Kalkod (Bangalore)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16614498", "title": "Political untouchability should not be practised: Advani", "text": "JALANDHAR: Senior BJP leader L K Advani has said that political untouchability should not be practised.\"Social untouchability is unacceptable and is a crime but in politics those who practise political untouchability are not considered culprits. This latter form of untouchability should also not be part of our political system and should go from our practice,\" Advani said while addressing a function of Shaheed Parivar Fund organized by Hind Samachar Group in which leaders from all the political parties were present.While Advani did not make any other political comment in his speech he refused to entertain questions from mediapersons even as he said that he started his career as a journalist. Asked about PM Manmohan Singh's statement that India was not taking any decisions due to pressure from US, following Advani's allegation that UPA government was pushing FDI in retail under pressure from US, the top BJP leader said \"no comments\".Advani made the remarks against political untouchability after information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni said from the same stage that political parties should come together at least on a few issues to enact bills which could help the country especially to take care of the unemployment as that was the main reason for terrorism. \"At least one such bill which can help to the people ofthe country should be passed after building consensus,\" she said.BJP MP Navjot Sidhu while taking dig at the recent scams said that economic terrorism was the biggest terrorism as it was keeping people poor and unemployed.CLP leader Sunil Jakhar said that in Punjab definition of martyrs was being changed and the terrorists were being bracketed as martyrs. Without naming SAD and BJP he said that silence of the national party on the issue was problematic. He expressed hope that Advani would take care of the issue and would not let it happen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16608858", "title": "E-3 traffic diversion", "text": "BHOPAL: Following complaints made by residents of E-3 Arera Colony, the traffic police have issued fresh directions for diversion of buses plying in the route on Saturday.Currently traffic was diverted from Habibganj to Shalimar for the on-going work of railway under-bridge (ROB). All the buses were being diverted to the residential area of E-3. Since there was only one road for the to and fro traffic, residents were being highly inconvenienced.Hence traffic police have issued orders whereby low buses TR-1, SR-8 and mini buses 11 no and 2 no would now follow the diverted route with immediate effect.The new diverted route would follow Mansarovar Trisection, 7 no Crossing, Subhash Trisection, Bittan Market, Rajiv Gandhi Crossing, Banskhedi Trisection, 1100 Quarters, 10 \u00bd no stop and then the designated route would be followed. Terminal destinations would remain unchanged.Vehicles found violating the diversion would be prosecuted under the MP Motor Vehicle Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608224", "title": "Nightclubs out of Puja plans this year", "text": "KOLKATA: You may prefer to party hard instead of pushing through a sea of crowd at pandals during the Puja. But if you've already started planning your nightouts for this Puja, pandal-hopping is the only option left for you. Nightclubs, which are now being forced to adhere to the curfew hour rule, will no longer remain open after midnight to entertain the party buffs.Or else, you may start preparing for house parties if you are determined to avoid slow traffic and long queues.\"Many have lost interest and prefer house parties. When we do go out, we hop from one place to another in search of a nightclub. But by the time we find a place, it's already time to shut down,\" said Kashish Gambhir, a 20-year-old BCom student.It has been six months since the midnight curfew was imposed on nightclubs in Kolkata. While bigger joints like Venom shut down in July after suffering dwindling footfall and plunging revenue for a couple of months, smaller clubs continue to bleed and fear an imminent closure if the curfew persists.\"We do maximum business during the festive season. But most nightclubs are doing poorly due to the late-hour ban. If the restrictions continue, more places will have to shut down. Only bigger groups that can continue to pump in money will remain in the business,\" said Akshay Gambhir, vice-president at Basement in Astor and Shimmers in Salt Lake. Footfall at both joints has halved while revenue is down 35%.The Park, the most happening party destination in the city, is also reeling under the impact. \"The curfew time continues to severely impact business at all the bars, restaurants and nightclubs in Kolkata. The decision has had tangible effect on tourism and employment. However, with the festivities round the corner, we are very hopeful that the authorities will reinstate the late closing license,\" said a spokesperson of the hotel that houses three night clubs-Tantra, Someplace Else and Roxy.For Plush, a nightclub at the Astor hotel, sales have improved this month but they are still a long way from recovering the losses since March. \"It was a drastic fall then, but we are doing better now. If our revenues were down less than 50% last month, it is 30-40% now,\" said an official.Underground suffered a loss of 70% in their total revenue per month and has little expectation from the festive season. \"This festive season will not be the same for us but we can always expect better. I think independent nightclubs have suffered the most,\" said Underground manager Subhasish Ghosh. Venom owner Bunty Sethi believes that the midnight curfew has made it worse for nightclubs to sustain in the market and plans to re-open Venom soon if the market stabilizes.Party mongers, too, are disappointed and have resorted to house parties. \"The Cinderella hour concept is of no good. Even Mumbai recovered from Dhoble curse. It is better to have house parties. The nightclubs should be given their freedom back. Delhi is known to be the crime capital and even then the party culture there has no restrictions. When will nightlife come back to normal in Kolkata?\" wondered event manager Jaideep Kohli.Camac Street nightclub Sisha has cut down the space for the nightclub following a 50% loss in revenue. The 8,000 sq ft lounge area has been reduced to 3,000 sq ft. And the remaining 5,000 sq ft is being converted into a banquet lounge. \"We'll be in a better position only if we get a license to operate till late during the festive season,\" said Soho manager Zafar Ali, which, too, has incurred a 40% loss in monthly revenue.This Puja, pandal-hopping is the only late night entertainment option with night clubs being forced to adhere to the curfew hour that was imposed in February. Regulars to night clubs who prefer hopped from one venue to another and party till the wee hours during the festive season feel they will either have to organize house parties or simply revert to night-long pandal-hopping that they despised due to slow moving traffic and long queues.Radhika Dhar, 22, a city based accountant, is skeptical about her party plans with friends this Puja. \"I doubt if the party scene will be alive,\" she said.Kashish Gambhir, 20, confirmed the scene at nightclubs had changed drastically. \"Many have lost interest and prefer house parties. When we do go out, we hop from one place to another in search of a nightclub that will stay open for half hour longer,\" the second year B Com student said.It has been six months since the midnight curfew was imposed on nightclubs in Kolkata. While bigger joints like Venom shut down in July after suffering dwindling footfall and plunging revenue for a couple of months, smaller clubs continue to suffer and fear an imminent closure if the curfew persists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16611297", "title": "Ryan Gosling misreported as lead actor in Fifty Shades", "text": "EL James has weighed in on Ryan Gosling being cast as the lead male role in the upcoming film adaption of 'Fifty Shades of Grey,' saying \"as usual, it's all been misreported.\"According to reports, the author's husband Niall Leonard supports the idea of the ' Drive ' star playing the novel's protagonist Christian Grey in the flick. \"No, my husband has not spilled the beans,\" People magazine quoted her, as saying on Ryan Seacrest's KIIS-FM radio show. \"What happened is that his local paper ... reported on my husband being the inspiration for Christian Grey. \"Underneath it, they put a picture of Ryan Gosling as well. So, that's how that [rumor] came about,\" she said. James, meanwhile, has said that she may or may not have someone in mind for the steamy role, but declined to reveal any names. \"[It's] far too early in the process,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610410", "title": "I would love to be a part of Bollywood again: Arash", "text": "His popularity as a singer has been steadily on the rise. Tehran-born singer Arash Labaf who became a household name in India with his thumping Boro Boro song featured in Bluffmaster , 2005, says he has come a long way from where he began. Earlier in the year, Arash made his film debut in the Iranian filmmaker Ghobadi's latest venture Rhino Season that is currently touring film festivals. The film also stars Iran's most celebrated and loved actor Behrouz Vossoughi and Italian actor Monica Bellucci. In a chat with TOI, ahead of his Bangalore concert, the 34-year-old Sweden based singer talks about the Bollywood influence in his music, sharing the screen with Italian sensation Monica Bellucci and his next collaboration with international music icon Sean Paul.You were last seen in an Indian film Bluffmaster, 2005 as a playback singer. Do you have plans for singing for a Bollywood film again? I had good fun in Bluffmaster . I had never done something like that before. I would love to be a part of Bollywood again if the right project pops up.How do you plan to surprise your Indian fans? Just wait and watch. We have a great live show planned soon. I will make sure that everyone leaves with a big smile.What is it about Indian music that appeals to you? I have always loved Bollywood and Hindi music. Even as a little boy I watched Bollywood movies and danced to the songs. It has affected my songwriting and producing for sure.Can we look forward to any collaborations like you did in the past with Indian-Pakistani singer Aneela for the song Chori Chori? Let's see. Only time will tell. My next single is in collaboration with Sean PaulRhino Season is your official debut in the movies. Have your priorities changed from music to films? Movies are my hobby and the director of Rhino Season is my friend. I just wanted to try something new, and I liked it. My focus is on my music, but who knows what will happen. However, I must say I liked doing this movie.When is the film expected to release? The movie is now appearing in different festivals and the release is scheduled for the end of this year. I don't know the exact date of the release.What was it like sharing the screen with the legendary Monica Belluci? It was great. We have become friends. She is a very nice person and a brilliant actor too and yes, she is beautiful.Now that you have already made your Hollywood debut, are you interested in acting in Bollywood films as well? I hope so, I love Bollywood. I was in Bluffmaster , so I see that as my debut.Could you tell us about your upcoming single that you are working on? My new single is a song called She Makes Me Go . On this track, I have Sean Paul with me. It's a great song and is set to release all over Europe in January. But the song has hit the Web already.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16610353", "title": "Mamata criticizes reforms on facebook", "text": "KOLKATA: \"In the name of reforms and 'aam admi', loot cholchhe, loot...\" Thus Mamata Banerjee once again criticized the Centre on her facebook on Saturday. The Bengal CM said that in the name of reforms there was loot going on in the country and again aimed her guns at the UPA government, hours before Trinamool Congress demonstration in Delhi on the FDI in retail issue on Monday.Mamata left for Delhi on Saturday to participate in the Delhi rally. She will be present at the Jantar Mantar protest rally on Monday and so before that this criticism is meant to be a sting for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. All the Trinamool Party MPs are likely to be present at the protest rally. On her facebook wall she mentioned that reforms are meant for the welfare of the nation, to bring in development, but in reality the aam admi is being plundered. She wrote, reforms are meant to usher development for the people.\"Now-a-days, the trend is whenever any anti-people decision is taken, it is taken in the name of reforms.\" Mamata said that the word reforms is used for looting people and the word is being crafted to fool people. She commented this soon after the PM stated that the Centre is likely to carry on with further reformatory steps.Singh earlier in the day stated in Delhi, \"We will do what is good for the country... reforms are not a one-off process.\" Mamata on Thursday had criticized on facebook about the service tax that was going to be imposed on railway services. She said,\"Thus fare will be increased from 1st of October 2012,\" Mamata wrote. She said this will further affect the people after the diesel price hike. Mamata during a recent TV interview had criticized the PM for his goody goody image and keeping things on pending.She had repeatedly stated to the media that neither she nor Trinamool Congress was kept in the loop about the diesel price hike or price rise of fertilizers. She had also demanded a roll back, which was not responded by Congress and as a fall out six Trinamool Congress ministers had to submit their resignations from UPA on September 21 protesting against FDI in retail. Mamata had even stated that the former Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee had assured the Parliament that no decision on FDI in retail would be taken without a consensus. \"But UPA did not respect the promise of Pranabda.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16608883", "title": "Indoreans goes for eco-friendly immersion", "text": "INDORE: Indoreans went for eco-friendly immersion of Ganesh idols and came out in large number to support the initiative of the civic body by avoiding direct immersion in water in order to protect them from getting polluted. Thousands of people carried out symbolic immersion on Saturday across the city at more than 40 locations. across the city were civic body had made arrangements for symbolic immersionIdol immersion started on Saturday afternoon and will continue till Sunday morning. Public representatives and social groups also came with facilities for symbolic immersion and it seems that entire city was unanimous to save water bodies from getting polluted due to idol immersion.\"Indore is one of the cities in the country which has managed to keep water bodies safe from getting polluted due to idol immersions. It has become possible because of the initiative of civic bodies and support of the people,\" said mayor Krishnamurari Moghe adding that all the idols collected at different locations will be immersed at Jawahar Tekadi by following all the religious rituals.IMD had made arrangements for symbolic immersions at 40 places in the city. Places were arrangements were made include IMC head office, all the zonal offices, Malharganj Crossing, Krishnapura Chhatri, Patnipura Crossing, Vijay Nagar, Scheme no. 54, Chandra Nagar, Geeta Bhavan Mandir, Subhash Nagar Crossing, Mazdoor Crossing, Palasia Police station, Tower Crossing, Sirpur Lake, Bilawali Lake, Pipliyahana, Limbodi Lake, Nehru Stadium , Khajarana and Ranjeet Hunuman Temple. Last year around 50 trucks of idols were collected from different parts of the city which was later immersed at Jawahar Tekdi by IMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16607576", "title": "Bird poachers land in forest officers\u2019 net", "text": "CHENNAI: Forest officers arrested two poachers at Siruthavur lake on Sunday on charges of poaching migratory water birds. However, by the time the foresters stopped them, the poachers had killed eight birds.A forest officer said the poachers, two unemployed men, were handed over to the Guindy forest range officer.\"They said they get 20-30 per bird. Local residents and some eateries bought them for meat,\" the officer said. Two photographers of the Madras Naturalist Society (MNS), who are regular visitors to the lake, saw the poachers in action and called the forest department.Siruthavur lake, a paradise for birdwatchers, is situated 20km away from the city, near Kovalam.Samyak Kaninde, a freelance wildlife photographer who informed the forest officials about the poaching said poachers are arrested only when nature lovers report such cases. \"The birds were being trapped in a net when they flew low and skimmed the water for fish. They had caught about 80 birds before the forest officials came following our call,\" he said.Most of the birds killed by the poachers were Little Stints, small waders normally found in Asia. They have dark bill, dark legs and are quick in their movements compared to other shorebirds.Siruthavur is famous for freshwater ducks and several other migratory birds. The area has 97 species of birds including 23 migratory species, according to a nature audit of the season.Birdwatchers say several commonly found migratory birds are leaving Pallikaranai marshland for wetlands in Kelambakkam and Siruthavur due to excessive pollution and garbage dumping at the Pallikaranai marshland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607777", "title": "Tribal students' protest siphoning off of funds", "text": "NAGPUR: The tribal development department of the state government has more than 450 hostels across Maharashtra, having more than 42,000 student inmates. The students living in these hostels are entitled to facilities like uniforms, books, computers and internet. State government had issued a GR in November last year that made these tribal students eligible for many allowances, which the students allege they have not received in the last one year.Students from all nine tribal hostels in the city observed a dharna at Hanuman Nagar hostel and locked the offices of their hostels on Saturday demanding the said GR be implemented properly. The students say they have spoken to all authorities about the problems they are facing but no action has been taken. The dharna, which started in the city today, will soon spread to other cities of the state if no action is taken, they added.\"There is provision for libraries and computers with internet services in all hostels for helping us with our studies. None of the hostels across the state has these. Every year, Rs 10,000 is given to every hostel for a television connection and water purifier. In our hostel, we had to collect money for the water cooler, purifier and TV. Other hostels in the city also don't have these,\" said Naresh Uikey, who lives in Hanuman Nagar hostel. An amount of Rs 35,000 is given to the wardens to organize annual cultural and sports events which never happen, he charged.Except for basic amenities like food and lodging, other conveniences that the government has made a provision for never reach the students. \"We are supposed to get the required uniforms, books, daily allowances and study material from government. The money issued by the government never reaches us in time. The wardens tell us to submit the bills with them so that the amount can be later reimbursed. We only get a small part of the bills and the rest never reaches us,\" said another student Sudhir Pandhare, adding that money meant for their welfare corruption was being siphoned off.The students said they were making peaceful requests for long and were forced to rebel now. \"We have carried on a hunger strike earlier at the office of the project officer Girish Sarode. He assured us that the problems would be sorted out soon but that did not happen. Assistant tribal commissioner Pallavi Darade also met us before that. She even issued orders that our demands be fulfilled but it was never carried out by lower officials,\" said another student Rajkumar Bhelavi.Sarode was not available for comment despite repeated efforts while Darade was travelling so could not be contacted.Amenities only on paperMonthly allowances up to Rs 800Upto Rs 2000 for books and Rs 4000 for other study materialsRs 25,000 for cultural activities and Rs 10,000 for sport equipmentTV, water cooler, water purifier at hostelsOne computer for every ten students, with internetLibrary with LCD computer and e-library facility (Rs 2 lakh per year is given to every hostel for this provision)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "16613560", "title": "Two arrested for sacrificing child", "text": "JAMMU: Two persons, including the father of a four-year-old, have been arrested for allegedly sacrificing the young child to attain spiritual powers and eternal riches.Shubham Sharma was strangulated to death by his father Raj Kumar alias Raju Baba of Kuldabi village (Sunderbani) on the advice of a tantrik Guru Madan lal alias Basha in February this year.Acting on information about the death of the child and his subsequent burial in Bhero temple by his father on February 13 this year, police registered an inquest proceeding after registration of a case in this regard, officials said.During the course of enquiry, the body of the deceased was exhumed for post-mortem after obtaining orders from the District Magistrate.After receipt of medical reports which revealed that Shubam had died of asphyxia due to strangulation leading to cardiac arrest, a case for murder was registered against the duo in Sunderbani on August 13 and an investigation was conducted.SP Rajouri, Mubassir Latifi said that after collecting all material evidences, police today charge-sheeted Raj Kumar alias Raju Baba and accused Madan Lal alias Basha and both were taken into custoday last evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607178", "title": "Avoid central Delhi till 9.30am", "text": "NEW DELHI: For those not taking part in the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon, it would be best to avoid central Delhi on Sunday morning.The marathon at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium , will result in traffic diversions from 5.45am till around 9.30am, said officials.\"Commuters are advised to use public transport to avoid congestion on roads,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The route for the half marathon will be from JN Stadium to India Gate via Bhishma Pitamah Marg, Lodhi Road, Mathura Road and Subramaniam Bharti Marg.Participants will then cross Rajpath, Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Marg, Parliament Street, Patel Chowk and Jantar Mantar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16608145", "title": "Governor B L Joshi opens photo show at museum", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Governor B L Joshi inaugurated a number of programmes at the Allahabad Museum on Saturday. Chairman of the Allahabad Museum Society Joshi first inaugurated a photo exhibition to celebrate 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of Mahamana Pt Madan Mohan Malviya. The Governor unveiled a gold scabbard donated by Raj Bhawan to the Allahabad Museum.He also inaugurated national seminar on 'Harappa-Gangetic Connections: An Archaeological Perspective', attended by eminent archaeologists from the city and different parts of India, including Dr R S Bisht (Retd Joint DG, ASI) excavator of the great Harappan site of Dholavira, Prof Vasant Shinde, Joint-Director of the Deccan College and excavator of well known Harappan sites Farmans and Kuntasi, Dr S K Saraswat, formerly senior scientist of BSIP, Dr. DP Sharma, Director, Bharat Kala Bhawan, Prof J N Pandey and Prof J N Pal among others.Speaking on the occasion, museum director Rajesh Purohit threw light on the concept of the seminar. He added there is no physical barrier from Baluchistan to the Gangetic plain, thus, no reason to doubt there was exchange between the two great cultures. Chief guest former Justice Giridhar Malviya congratulated the museum for organising the events. B L Joshi highlighted the achievement of the archaeologists and focused on life and work of Pt Madan Mohan Malviya, founder of the Banaras Hindu University . Pt Malviya was close associate of freedom fighters Lokmanya Balgangadhar Tilak, Gopal Krishna Gokhle and Annie Besant. The seminar was formally initiated by keynote address by Dr R S Bisht, former, Joint DG of the ASI. He delivered a lecture which began with hunting-gathering societies of the Gangetic plain and traced the development to the settling down of the communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608503", "title": "Bangalore spared, rest of state faces power cuts", "text": "BANGALORE: A dark Dasara and an even darker Diwali looms large over Karnataka as it braces for power cuts. Rural areas in the state are set to face a six-hour scheduled load shedding daily and the urban areas, three hours. Bangalore city has been spared the outage for now since it's the largest contributor to the state in terms of revenue.\"We had proposed a one-hour power cut daily in Bangalore city but energy minister Shobha Karandlaje turned it down in the larger interest of industries and revenue,'' said Bescom managing director P Manivannan. The proposed power cuts will be formally announced sometime next week after it is approved by the Karnataka Electricity Regulatory Commission (KERC).The power situation in the state turned precarious as Raichur thermal power units pulled the plug due to the acute coal shortage, forcing the government to deliver yet another power shock: a three-hour power cut for industries and daily power cuts for domestic consumers.But the only silver lining is that the load shedding will be imposed between 9am and 12 noon or from 3pm to 6pm. \"Thus, the public will not be inconvenienced by power cuts during busy or peak hours.\" In some places the power cuts may be in the early morning between 5 am and 6 am,'' Manivannan added.Karnataka is going through a 24 per cent power shortage mainly due to sudden spurt in demand from the irrigation sector and reduction in power generation due to coal shortages. The present scenario is expected to last for a couple of months. \"The state today requires roughly 1,000 MW of additional power and we are purchasing power,'' said Karandlaje.The power requirement is met by four sources - 44 per cent through thermal units, 31 per cent through hydro electricity via Sharavati, Kali, Ghataprabha and few minor dams, 22.5 per cent renewable sources (wind and solar) and 2.2 per cent through Kaiga nuclear plant. In addition, about 15-20 sugar mills also generate power through co-generations.Currently, power generation from coal and hydel projects and renewable energy sources such as wind energy are also under severe strain due to power wind velocity. Due to poor quality of coal, the state is facing hurdles to operate thermal power plants located in Raichur and Bellary.As far as hydel power generation is concerned, the state cannot overdraw from hydel projects since water in the reservoirs and dams has to last till summer. \"The only hope for the state is for the demand for power to come down drastically. For that to happen, it should rain between October and November,\" Karandlaje said.Industries will be severely impacted by the power cuts but they have little choice. There are over 4.1 lakh industries in Karnataka and with three-hour power cuts, the industry will suffer production loss of about Rs 15 crore a day.There are about 15-20 sugar mills in the state generating 300 MW to 400 MW. The government is looking to buy power at Rs 4.50 per unit keeping the KERC tariff fixed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16607811", "title": "Jharkhand to get 32 newborn stabilization units", "text": "RANCHI: Alarmed at the mortality rate of children in the state within 0-5 years of age, the health department will be setting up 32 newborn stabilization units where proper care will be provided to the infants under the observation of pediatrics under First Referral Units( FRU).The mortality rate in the state is 59 per 1000 live births according to the latest data of Annual Health Survey (AHS). It has been noticed that most of the children die within 0-1 month of age. \"The reasons behind the deaths are breathing problem, under weight and congenital abnormalities. Two special care new born units have been set up in Ghatsila and Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS). This apart, it was also found 50 per cent children are anaemic here. For such children iron and folic acid syrup is being provided along with Albendazole tablets,\" said deputy director of health services A K Prasad, laying emphasis on the importance of institutional deliveries.According to the AHS the infant mortality rate in the state is 41 per 1000 live births and the neo natal mortality is 27 per 1000 live births. As far as malnourishment among children is concerned, Prasad said till now 11,000 children have been treated for malnourishment out of 37,000 identified cases. \"There are malnourishment treatment centres (MTC) and some more are going to come up in the near future. There are 61 MTC's. Now there will be an increase and seven more such centres will come up thus raising the level to 68 by the end of this year,\" Prasad said. In a year, there are 8.9 lakh newborns in Jharkhand according to the AHS data. Prasad said the immunization has reached to 64 per cent and 36 per cent are still left who have to be brought under the immunization programme. \"The immunization programme is provided for protection against seven diseases including TB, Diphtheria, Hepatitis B and measles. The problem is that people are not aware. We need to spread word so that people especially mothers treat the immunization programme as their right,\" he said.The state health department claims that the health parameters have improved. Pointing to the success rate of some of the programmes, the civil surgeon of Sadar hospital, A K Chaudhary, said, \"The Janani Surakhsha Yojana (JSK) has reached new heights as the rate of JSK has increased from 13.9 per cent in 2003 to 40 per cent. Similarly, the immunization programme has increased from 9 per cent in 2000 to 64 per cent. We are trying our best so that the benefits of the scheme reaches the people in rural areas for whom the programmes have been designed.\"Highlights1. Infant mortality rate is 41 per 1000 live births in the state2. Children under five years of age have a mortality rate of 59 per 1000 live births and neo natal 27 per 1000 live births3. Given the grave situation, 32 newborn stabilization units are being opened in the state", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16608365", "title": "4 held after student informs police", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four youths, including an advocate, were arrested for teasing students near Sri Guru Gobind Singh College-26 on Saturday. The accused were identified as Ramandeep Singh of Ludhiana, Jodh Singh of Muktsar, Chander Bhushan of Amritsar and advocate Sarbalwant Singh of Fatehabad. Police also seized their Scorpio.Police acted against the eve-teasers when a student informed the PCR about the incident around 1.30pm. Police have concealed the identity of the girl. A case was registered on the statement of a policeman at Sector-26 police station. Police said the accused were offering lifts and passing comments against girls. Sources said the four had even made objectionable gestures in the presence of women constables. The PCR vehicle tracked down the Scorpio and handed the accused to the police. Those arrested claimed they were in the city for personal work and did not realize their misdeeds would land them behind bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16608767", "title": "This Dasara, enjoy aerial joyrides over Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: In a first during Dasara, visitors to Mysore can have a bird's eye view of the city in all its festive glory. For, the district administration is offering visitors a chance to enjoy an aerial view of important tourist spots in the royal city, by pressing into service two Cessna aircraft for the purpose.Deputy commissioner and Dasara special officer P S Vastrad said they are offering two packages for this aerial joyride. The Maharaja package takes only a single person for the flight that takes off from Mandakalli airport. The aircraft will fly atop the Chamundi hills, Mysore palace and Lalith Mahal palace. The second package named Yuvaraja allows three persons along with the pilot and covers the same destination.While the Maharaja package costs Rs 2,500, the Yuvaraja package comes to Rs 2,000. The journey is of 15 minute-duration for both. The Maharaja package will operate 40 trips in a day and the Yuvaraja, 20 trips. The two-seater Cessna 152 and four-seater Cessna 172 will be plied into service. Cessna 152 is an American two-seat, fixed tricycle gear, general aviation airplane while Cessna 172 Sky Hawk is a four-seat, single-engine and high-wing fixed-wing aircraft.Vastrad said they propose to have skydiving too, at extra cost. He added that flights might operate from October 15 to October 24. Booking can be done through www.mysoredasara.gov.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606961", "title": "Botsa Satyanarayana: Why can\u2019t Telugu-speaking people have two states?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Reiterating his support for the creation of Telangana, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana asked what is wrong if the Telugu-speaking people have two states. He said there is no fault in dividing AP into two separate states. Botsa Satyanarayana, who belongs to north-coastal Andhra, said he neither supported Samaikya Andhra nor demanded a separate north-coastal Andhra state. He hoped that a permanent solution to the T issue would happen very soon.Speaking to media persons in Visakhapatnam on Saturday, Botsa said that Congress has clarity over the T issue and it is very much ready to announce its decision at any time. When Hindi speaking people have so many states, why we can't we have two states for the Telugu-speaking people, he asked. Botsa requested the TJAC to conduct the Telangana march in a peaceful manner.The PCC chief criticised the proposed padayatra of TDP president Chandrababu Naidu and charged that the TDP chief was readying to deceive the people once again. Lack of clarity over T issue has been enhanced with the letter written to the Prime Minister by Naidu, Botsa alleged. Replying to a question, Botsa said that the CM's chair would not be made available for anyone till 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16608878", "title": "Overzealous security irks guests attending International Buddhist Conclave", "text": "VARANASI: Lack of coordination between the district administration, police and organisers of the International Buddhist Conclave (IBC) 2012 led to chaos at the conclave venue on Saturday.Initially, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav was expected to inaugurate the conclave but he did not arrive. However, in view of CM's visit, large numbers of civil police and PAC personnel were deployed on the roads leading to conclave venue and the hotel premises. Entry to the hotel campus proved to be an arduous task for the guests not just because of police checking, only also the overly cautious private security of the hotel. Due to this, tempers were witnessed rising among the invitees and mediapersons.The lack of coordination between conclave organisers and district administration also brought the mediapersons and police officials face to face on several occasions. The conclave organisers had given invitations for the inaugural function to limited mediapersons, while the district information office issued passes to reporters separately by mentioning another venue on them. The confusion led to high drama at the entry point of the conclave auditorium. Before senior officials could pacify this issue, some Buddhist monks raised a protest after they noticed that some senior priests had not been given chairs at the dais. The officials hurriedly arranges two chairs for the monks on the dais, and the matter was sorted.But in the larger scheme of things, all this failed to dampen the spirits of the delegates who were found enjoying the atmosphere at the conclave venue which had been given colours of a Buddhist site. Artistes from North Eastern states were seen performing traditional folk dances. An exhibition on Buddhist themes also attracted a large number of visitors. The inaugural function was followed by a panel discussion on Buddhist Pilgrimage in India. The troupe of Padmabhushan Mallika Sarabhai performed a ballet 'On his foot steps' based on the life of Lord Buddha at Mulgandha Kuti Vihara, Sarnath in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16608811", "title": "Indian doctor to set up first opiod substitution therapy center in Pakistan", "text": "AMRITSAR: An India doctors is all set to leave for Pakistan to establish its first ever opiod substitution therapy (OST) center for the treatment of injecting drug users due to which the number of HIV positive cases are on rise in Pakistan.In charge of OST centre, Tarn Taran, Dr Rana Ranbir Singh told TOI on Saturday that he had been invited by United Nations office on drugs and crime in Pakistan to set up OST center at Shaheed Benazir Bhutto Hospital, Ralwalpindi, where he would also impart OST training to doctors and staff.Injecting drug users in Pakistan were attributing maximum to the spread of HIV infection due to collective use of injecting equipment. In OST, doctors provide legal substitute of drugs including heroin with 'sublingual tablets' under medical supervision to suppress the craving for the drug said Dr Rana.He said Pakistan didn't have expertise in OST so the UNODC had invited them to set up the OST center. He said that in Tarn Taran Civil Hospital's OST centre, they were successfully administering oral tablets to 130 drug addicts and had received encouraging results. \"Under the pilot project, the first OST centre will be established in Rawalpindi and in the month of November, doctors and staff of the OST centre will visit Tarn Taran Civil Hospital,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607061", "title": "'Parents should ensure every child is educated'", "text": "JAIPUR: A two-day national seminar on Right of Children for Free and Compulsory Education was organized by University Law College on Saturday. The aim was to discuss the ways to remove the problems in implementation of free and compulsory education for children. It was held at the Senate Hall of Rajasthan University.High court judge Prashant Agarwal in his keynote address said, \"It is duty of every citizen to reach the real beneficiaries to achieve the objectives of RTE.\" Justice Agarwal expressed the dire need of involving masses to ensure that not a single child should remain without education.The seminar saw 82 papers being presented by academicians and researchers from across the country. Most of them opined that lack of infrastructure, government will and poor coordination among different agencies are responsible for its ineffectiveness.\"It is the duty of the parents to send their wards to school. They are equally accountable to ensure that compulsory education should be given to every child,\" said BD Rawat, principal of Law College, adding that it is collective responsibility of state and the citizens.The researchers pointed out that mad rush for private schools is responsible for mushrooming of private schools. \"I will launch a campaign to admit slum children in private schools under this act which guarantees 25% reservation for economically disadvantaged groups,\" said Abhishek Chaudhary, a law student.The seminar was attended by former education minister Kalicharan Saraf, power minister Jitendra Singh , vice-chancellor of RU BL Sharma, principal of Law College BD Rawat and many others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608378", "title": "My friend, my kidnapper", "text": "Shubham Shirke, Ganesh Sriram, Adnan Patrawala, Rohit Ahlawat or Johny Gupta may have never known each other, but their lives had a chilling similarity \u2014 in the way they ended. All of them were kidnapped for ransom and later brutally killed by their friends or acquaintances. Sixteen-year-old Shubham in Pune was abducted and murdered by three of his friends, including two minors who were inspired by a crime-based TV serial; 20-year-old Ganesh and 16-year-old Adnan in Mumbai by friends looking for quick money, and 28-year-old Rohit and 23-three-year-old Johny, both in Delhi, again by friends who turned traitors. The alarming undercurrent in all these stories is that the perpetrators , like their victims, were youngsters\u2014 some even in their teens.Globally, kidnappings have seen an upward trend although separate figures are rarely available for cases of abduction by friends or acquaintances. In 2010, 39,148 cases of abduction were recorded by the National Crime Records Bureau. Last year, the number was close to 45,000. According to analysts, actual numbers, including unreported cases, may be much more. In the US, for instance, which keeps much better statistics than India, a child is reported missing or abducted every 40 seconds. That translates to a staggering 8 lakh cases per year. Arvind Verma, an IPS officer-turned professor, says there are many similarities between kidnapping instances in India and the US. \"Most kidnappings are done close to home and most often the person is harmed,\" he says.\" Almost 75% of the abductors are male and 67% of them are below 29 years of age. The Indian police must at least begin to compile such data before any analysis can be done on kidnappings by friends or acquaintances.\"While better collating of data can help, the reason why buddies turn kidnappers is not difficult to discern. \"Jealousy is a part of any relationship and friendship is no different,\" says K Jaishankar, president of the South Asian Society of Criminology and Victimology. \"Most of these cases are a result of people being jealous of their friends' wealth and trying to extract easy money from their families by kidnapping them.\"But there is also a bigger picture to it, according to society-watchers who see this disturbing trend as yet another fallout of India's rapidly changing societal landscape which is witnessing the flip effects of growing consumerism. \"There is an inherent impatience in youngsters who are not willing to wait 25-30 years for a house, car or anything else that they want to acquire right now,\" says sociologist Binod C Agrawal. \"Because our society is still largely family-oriented and has not yet shifted to an individualistic orientation like the west, the first prey \u2014 for those who are willing to adopt any means to achieve their ends \u2014is usually a friend, neighbour or family member.\"This has led to a situation where the new-fangled kidnappers are brutal in their objective, ready to even kill if need be. Prakash Singh, former director general of UP Police, says that the situation now is very different from earlier times when kidnappings were carried out by organized gangs. \"They killed rarely, only when their ransom demands were not met. But with friends turning kidnappers, the fear that their identity might be revealed by the victim is increasingly leading to murder, sometimes even before the ransom call is made,\" he says.Popular culture, too, has played a part. Movies with kidnapping as their central or peripheral plot have 'inspired' many. In 2009, a 23-year-old was nabbed by Delhi Police when he tried to abduct his seven-year-old cousin after watching a movie with a kidnap theme. A year earlier, three youths in Mumbai plotted the kidnapping of their 14-year-old friend based on the storyline of the Akshay Kumar-starrer Khiladi . \"Many youngsters feel that the act is being endorsed on screen. So they, too, can get away with it,\" says criminal psychologist Jayanti Dutta. \"There is a sense of misplaced confidence which is fuelled by the fact that they see people circumventing the system all the time.\"\"Jo tera hai, woh mera hai\" , goes a popular jingle that extols the bond between friends. But when the songs of friendship acquire an ominous, demanding tone (think Jo tera hai, woh mera hai as a ransom note) then, clearly, it's time we did some serious soul searching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16610680", "title": "GSAT-10 placed in intermediate orbit by ISRO", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) scientists fired the motors of GSAT-10 communication satellite early on Sunday to raise its orbit in space a day after it was launched.An Isro statement said the perigee (nearest point to Earth) of GSAT-10 has been raised from 250km to 16,427 km by using the satellite's on-board propulsion system for an hour and 55 minutes.Now in an elliptical orbit with its farthest point 35,759km from Earth, the satellite will finally be brought to a geostationary circular orbit of 36,000km above equator, so it can remain above the same place on earth continuously.The satellite with 30 transponders will be fully functional by November, boosting communication, entertainment and navigation facilities.Sunday's orbit raising operation began at 4.28am by commanding the satellite from ISRO's Master Control Facility (MCF) at Hassan, Karnataka. GSAT-10 is in good health.GSAT-10 was launched on Saturday onboard Ariane-5 launch vehicle from Kourou, French Guiana. The second orbit-raising manoeuvre is planned for Monday afternoon.The present orbital parameters of GSAT-10 are: Perigee (km): 16,427 Apogee (km): 35,758.7 Inclination (deg): 1.7 Orbital period:16 hours, 3 minutes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16607649", "title": "New rules for quick project clearances", "text": "RANCHI: Industrialists will not have to run from pillar to post anymore to get their projects cleared by various departments as the state government is coming up with the industries (facilitation) rule under the Jharkhand Industries Act 2012 and fix a deadline for disposal of applications for setting up of factories.The deadline for disposal of applications will be from three to 210 days. In case, an official delays the clearance without any valid reason, which will stand the scrutiny of law, the file will be deemed cleared.State industry secretary A P Singh said the rule was framed with an aim to expedite clearing of projects and also to revive the single window system that failed to pick up when it was first introduced in 2005.\"We had made an attempt through an executive order, but it did not give the desired result. This time, apart from fixing deadline for disposal of applications, the entire process will be under the provisions of the Jharkhand Industries Act 2012. Since the rule will be the part of an Act, it will be binding on everyone to act on the application within a specified time,\" the secretary said adding that in case there was a delay without a valid reason, the official could face action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608222", "title": "Cops refuse to file FIR after theft on train", "text": "KOLKATA: A passenger aboard Shaktipunj Express, whose luggage was stolen from the train, was left on his own by the cops, who refused to lodge a complaint against the theft.\"Though I have been running from pillar to post and have approached the GRP of at least three stations, they refused outright to file a complaint. The luggage of one of my fellow passengers, who had boarded the train from Asansol, was also stolen,\" alleged Mathur Das, the passenger. While travelling on train, if your valuables are stolen, what to do? Lodge a complaint with the police. But if the police refuse to accept a complaint, is there any option left for a train passenger? This exactly happened to mechanical engineer Mathur Das, a Thakurpukur resident. He was on way to his engineering site at Singrauli and in the train his suitcase was stolen.Das had boarded the train from Howrah on Friday to go his engineering site at Singrauli. Around 5.30am on Saturday, he woke up to find that his luggage was missing. His laptop, voter ID card, PAN card, debit cards and all his original academic certificates were there in the suitcase. Das immediately told the ticket examiner, who asked him to file a complaint with the GRP at Chopan. The victim also lost Rs 10,000 in cash on Das who lost his passport, laptop, voter card, Pan Card, debit cards, mobile and all his original academic certificates along with cash of over Rs 10,000, is now at his wits end how to lodge a police complaint. Because without a police report, he cannot apply for duplicate copy of the documents.Das was a passenger of Shaktipunj Express. He had boarded the train on Friday from Howrah on his way to Singrauli in Madhya Pradesh. He found his suitcase missing as he woke up around 5.30 am on Saturday morning when the train was reaching Garwa station in UP. He soon complained it to the ticket examiner who advised to report it to the GRP at Chopan.Shaktipunj Express halts for 20 minutes for change of engine at Chopan. But when Das approached the GRP they said the halt time wasn't enough to lodge an FIR. Instead, they and However, the GRP men said that it will take some time for lodging the FIR, so in the meanwhile he will miss the train. So they advised him to lodge a complaint with the Singrauli GRP after Das mentioned that his destination was Singrauli.On getting down at Singrauli, Das was in for another shock. The police there also refused to lodge a complaint. \"They said that they did not have the complaint book and asked me to go to Katni, about four hours drive from Singrauli. They also said that I could go back to Chopan and lodge the FIR as the theft happened while the train was in UP,\" Das said.Das said that he had been trying all day to lodge a complaint to register loss of all his valued documents, but the police are unwilling to do it.\"I even went had been to the Morwa police station in Singrauli to register a complaint, but there, too, the cops were adamant and said that the incident happened on board the train and thus they cannot accept a complaint.Das added that another passenger who was travelling from Asansol had his bag stolen in the same train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607913", "title": "Lady police sub-inspector in love triangle suspended", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman police sub-inspector named in a complaint with Gandhinagar police for threat and coercion by a woman was suspended by state director general of police. An inquiry was constituted in the incident. Shilpa Chaudhary, the probationer sub-inspector with Naroda police station, has also been shifted out of the city by the order.According to officials of Pethapur police station in Gandhinagar district, Preeti Vaghela, wife of Mayursinh Vaghela, had filed a complaint on September 9 against Chaudhary and her relatives for forcing her to divorce her husband. Vaghela and Chaudhary had secretly married each other, she mentioned in the complaint.Investigators said that the duo met while preparing for the state police recruitment board exams for sub-inspectors a year ago. While Chaudhary cleared the exam, Vaghela failed to make the mark. However, the duo remained in touch and even kept on meeting after Vaghela's marriage to Preeti. When caught, Vaghela remained adamant and stated his wish to remain with Chaudhary after which Preeti filed the police complaint. TNNAs per a press release by the state director general of police's office, Chaudhary has been suspended from the duty with effect from Saturday and an inquiry has been ordered in the incident by higher officials. The senior officials stated that Chaudhary has not reported to her job since the police complaint has been lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16610256", "title": "Police claim BJP leader plotted his own murder, family disagrees, demands CBI probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: If Lakhimpur Kheri police is to be believed, a local BJP leader plotted his own murder. Sounds bizarre but according to police, former BJP district vice-president Harish Gupta, who was found dead under mysterious circumstances on September 20, paid Rs 10,000 to killers to kill him so that his family can get Rs 77 lakh life insurance money. However, BJP leaders and Gupta's family members are not able to digest police's theory and have demanded a CBI probe into the matter.On September 20, Gupta's body was found near Dallapur village in Kotwali area. It seemed to be a case of murder. Police arrested one Shatrohan Lal on September 28 and claimed that he along with Ramasarey killed Gupta. Police said that the accused have confessed that Gupta plotted his own murder along with his friend Shatrohan.Police claimed that Gupta, a businessman, had taken loan worth Rs 4,50,000 from banks and individuals. However, due to loss in business, he was unable to pay back the loan and was under depression and wanted to end his life.Gupta had life insurance policey of around Rs 77 lakh. He, therefore plotted his own murder, so that his family could get the insurance money and does not suffer after his death. The post-mortem report concluded that Gupta was strangulated.Lakhimpur district police chief Dalbir Singh Yadav told reporters that Gupta's close friend Shatrohan spilled the beans during intense interrogation. Shatrohan allegedly confessed before police that he hired Ram Asrey to carry out the plan. The day before he was to be killed, Gupta sent out registered letters to the district magistrate, superintendent of police, and some of his friends and relatives saying that he could be killed by his business partner to dress up his murder as a genuine one.Police also claimed that those arrested confessed that Gupta paid Rs 10,000 to his killer to carry out his own murder. Gupta took sleeping pills and was strangulated while he was asleep.However, as pointed out by Gupta's family, police's theory of murder has several loopholes.They questioned why would a person agree to kill somebody for meagre Rs 10,000 when he knew that victim's family would get Rs 77 lakh. They also said that Gupta had a threat to his life which he had mentioned to his family and friends several times. BJP leader Ram Kumar Verma said that its hard to believe that Gupta hired killers to kill him. The BJP leaders in their memorandum to the district magistrate described police theory as bogus and demanded CBI probe into the case. Several BJP leaders on Saturday also met senior police officials to lodge their protest. Later, they told reporters that the police was trying to hush up the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608346", "title": "365 shades of fear", "text": "September was a cruel, crime-ridden month in Delhi. Spurned lovers went on a killing spree leaving trail of bullet-ridden bodies. A cop buried five bullets from his .9mm revolver into his dead sister's husband and her mother-in-law before shooting himself. A smart 24-year-old news television intern was allegedly made to witness her mother's murder before being assaulted and killed like her father. A girl was gang-raped and videotaped for blackmail. And on Friday in an audacious daylight robbery, a gang looted over Rs 5 crore from a cash van in swank South Delhi. They were gone in 300 seconds. Throughout the month, stories of brutal crimes never left the front page. Even for a city almost accustomed to violent crimes, this was an unnerving month.The crimes in national capital aren't isolated; they are rather an indicator. TOI bureau reports show that a wave of grisly crimes \u2014 murder, rape, kidnapping and abduction, dacoity, riots and dowry deaths \u2014 is sweeping across swathes of urban and small-town India.But the crime spike is no overnight phenomenon. National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) statistics show that incidents and rates of violent crimes \u2014 murder, kidnapping dacoity, robbery, arson, dowry deaths \u2014 have gone up dramatically in the past five years. In 2006, 205,656 violent crimes were committed across India. By 2011 the number had gone up to 256,329, a sharp rise by 24.6%. Across the country, murders have increased by 5.6%, rape by a disturbing 20% and kidnapping by an alarming 86.1%. Crimes against women too have shot up during the same phase by 38.8% In 2011, the conviction rate for violent crimes was a mere 28%; for crime against women, it is even lower: 26.9%.Urban India is badly hit. Crime has soared by 64% in the 53 megacities (towns with 10 lakhs plus population) between 2010 and 2011. However, the sharp jump is partly caused by the addition of 18 new cities after the 2011 census.It isn't just the crimes but also the manner in which they happened that has lawmen worried and the citizenry in state of high anxiety Pallavi Purkasyastha, a 22-year-old legal advisor was killed in her own flat by the watchman of the society in Mumbai's Wadala locality this August. A divorced mother of two was raped at gunpoint in a moving car in Kolkata' posh Park Street area in February. Last week in Pune, a five-year-old boy was abducted and killed by a 19-year-old hotel management student only to buy a motorbike.Sociologists feel that part of the social un ease stems from a lack of faith in the law as well as the society. \"Pallavi pressed the call bell of the neighbours but they didn't respond Such a reaction takes place because the social organisation of the urban middle class is characterised by anonymity, apathy, individualism and absence of community bonding. But when people read this, they feel further insecure, says sociologist Yogendra Singh.No surprise, a Delhi-based consultant psychiatrist admits to getting patients suffering from \"anticipated trauma.\" \"For some people reading about violent crime regularly in news papers and watching them on tv and finding out that it has happened in the neighbourhood creates an identification with the victim and a sense of anxiety that it might happen to you in the future. They fear that they will become victims of crime. This wasn't the case five years ago,\"says consultant psychiatrist Avdesh Sharma.Global statistics show that India has one of the lowest population-police ratios in the world. But Maxwell Pereira, former joint com missioner of police, Delhi, says that tackling rising crime isn't just about improved policing. \"We have to look into the factors leading to crime, identify them and remove them,\" he says. Post-liberalisation India has been characterised by rapid growth. But it is common knowledge that the fruits of development have not been justly distributed. And that a huge section of the population has been left out of the India growth story.But several incidents show that crime hasn't always been about denial and need, just a succumbing to greed. In the past one year as many as 25 management students have been slapped with charges of murder, robbery, extortion and other unlawful acts in Bhubaneswar. On Sept 19, the arrest of two MBAs and one BBA graduate for the murder of an old woman sent shockwaves through the east ern state. Earlier in June, a class XI student was allegedly kidnapped by classmates for Rs 1 crore ransom. And Nagpur cops were surprised when a gang of youngsters, apprehended for snatching gold chains, were found out to be sons of doctors, engineers and rich businessmen. Pune has seen a skyrocketing of gold-chain snatching cases, a fact that cops directly link to the rise in gold prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16607203", "title": "Grand double for PSPB in the Valley", "text": "SRINAGAR: It has been one-way traffic in the Rahimatoola and Chadha Cup, and nothing was about to change. The Petroleum Sports Promotional Board (PSPB) teams have been dominating the national scene for the last 13 years and the formidable squad maintained their hold on the trophy by retaining both titles of the 68th Inter-State Badminton Championships at the Sher-E-Kashmir Indoor Stadium on Saturday.Pratul Joshi threatened to upset the PSPB calculations when he came at a handshaking distance of beating P Kashyap in the opening singles of the final. The 17-year-old Pratul started in similar fashion and grabbed the first game 21-12. Kashyap then showed why he is the best player in India by winning the three-game thriller 12-21, 21-15, 21-12. Anand Pawar levelled the tie score 1-1 by defeating Ajay Jayaram in straight games. However, Pawar could not repeat the magic in the following doubles. B Sai Praneeth then grounded the airmen with a clinical win over G Gopiraju for a 3-1 lead.In the women's final, Arundhati Pantawane won the deciding match when the score was 1-1 against Airports Authority of India (AAI).After PC Thulasi steamrolled Neha Pandit in the first singles, the star pair of Ashwini Ponappa and Prajakta Sawant lost against Pradnya Gadre and N Sikki Reddy. However, Arundhati mauled Mohita Sahdev 21-16, 21-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607394", "title": "Traffic crawls on ITO bridge, cops blamed for mess", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ganesh Chaturthi may have been celebrated in a big way in the capital but the last day of the festivities was mired in chaos. Despite having received more than 1,000 applications for Ganpati Visarjan, the government machinery and traffic police were caught off-guard by the large number of devotees that hit the streets leading to massive traffic snarls across various Yamuna bridges.Delhiites commuting on the ITO bridge were stuck in traffic for over an hour for most of the day. The jam stretched from the Lakshmi Nagar T-point till the ITO intersection. Both carriageways of the bridge were packed with trucks and cars carrying devotees and Ganpati statues. Government sources said that compared to about 500-600 immersion applications that come in each year, this time around 1,200 applications were received.Commuters squarely blamed cops for poor traffic management, asking why no advisory had been issued. \"The devotees were completely unmindful of hundreds of commuters who were stranded for hours. I have used this road during Durga Visarjan too but have never been caught in such a situation. The atmosphere resembled that of a fair with the devotees having taken over the roads. Even during Chhat Puja, people visit the ITO ghat but never have cars been allowed to be parked on the main road like this,\" said Aarti Bhatia, an IT professional.Joint commissioner of police, traffic, Satyendra Garg admitted that there was congestion on roads but said the situation was normalized soon. \"The congregation of devotees from all over the city did lead to traffic chaos at the Yamuna bridges. However, one needs to be considerate for occasions like these. Once the thrust of the procession was over, things got back to normal. Traffic was slow but it didn't come to a halt,\" he said.He also said that no advisory had been issued for the event since traffic cops didn't know when, where and how many people would assemble for the festivities. \"We warned people through social networking sites but did not issue a specific advisory since immersion took place at several ghats,\" he added.Commuters were advised to use alternate routes in order to avoid the snarls. People were told to take the loop towards NH24 to reach Ring Road as traffic remained heavy from Laxmi Nagar T-point to ITO. \"The directions came too late for those already caught in the jam. There was no traffic constable on the bridge to man vehicular movement. Trucks full of devotees were parked along the bridge while vehicles were crawling in a single lane,\" said Rohit Khanna, an engineer who took more than an hour to cross the bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16611211", "title": "Curry calling", "text": "Much like the food and wine tours of Tuscany and Provence , the Indian tropical shores are fast becoming the favoured cooking holiday destinations for foreigners. Supriya Sharma reports.Indian telly viewers beamed with pride as the 35-year-old Dalvinder Dhami rustled up lipsmacking curries and paranthas on the world-renowned culinary show MasterChef Australia this season. Once thought to be hot and too spicy for the foreign palate, Indian spices and herbs like the garam masala are finding their way into kitchens across the world. Far-flung travellers from all over the world are planning 'cooking expeditions' to Indian backwaters and beaches, to soak in the scent of Indian spices and sweetmeats. Cooking holidays, a concept synonymous with gourmet destinations like Italy, Greece and France, are now catching up in our very own palm-fringed Goa, green and leafy Nilgiris and zesty Kerala!A custom-built kitchen on the banks of the Mandovi River in Central Goa has made chefs out of many amateur cooks and stood witness to enjoyable cooking adventures. Run by Judy Cardozo, incharge, Goa operations of 'Holiday on the Menu' by On The Go Tours, this cooking getaway can be a 1/3/5-day affair, where you learn to cook famous Goan grub like Goan fish/prawn curry, chicken cafreal, allebelle (Goan coconut/jaggery pancakes) and popular South Indian dishes like meen kari (Kerala fish curry) and cheeman varathiyatu (Malabar prawns). \"Apart from offering accommodation to our guests, the holiday also includes outdoor excursions to the local markets and a local spice farm to acquaint them with peppercorns, bay leaves, nutmeg and turmeric that are cultivated in the hinterland. This is followed by a typical Goan Hindu meal served on a banana leaf,\" says Cardozo.Art of laying a mealSimilarly, The Pimenta Spice Garden Bungalows, situated in a 2.5 hectare-wide spice and coconut garden in Kerala, is another perfect getaway for aspiring chefs. The cooking course teaches holistic vegetarian cuisine that follows the tenets of Ayurveda. One also gets to learn the traditional art of laying a Keralite sadya (meal) and the importance of coconut in food. Says famous blogger Edinburgh Foody, who was a part of this group, \"You might consider going all the way to Kerala to discover how to cook vegetarian food a trifle excessive, but I found it very enjoyable. It was inspirational even for a meat-eater like me and I am determined to include far more vegetarian dishes in my meals now,\"she says. When not deconstructing recipes, the vacationers visit local curry powder-making units. Claire from Bristol , UK, recalls, \" Jacob Mathew, who runs the venture, is a tutor, health counsellor and historian all rolled into one. Not only did I bring home a book full of new recipes to cook, but was also taken on a culinary tour through the spice and tea plantations.\"International recognitionWhile Pimenta is a full-fledged cooking tour, Nimmy Paul's cookery sessions in nearby Kochi are a crisp introduction to traditional Kerala food as well as Syrian Christian cuisine that's unique to the region. The late RW Apple Jr, a celebrated New York Times food and travel writer, who attended Paul's classes, recommended her for the 2004 'Worlds of Flavor', an international conference organised by the Culinary Institute of America . Her cooking school has since garnered international attention, and is considered a muststop for budding chefs passing through Kerala. \"I like to stick to traditional recipes, but only those that can be cooked in any part of the world easily. It could be a stew, a fish molee, sambar or my favourite coconut mousse,\" says Paul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16611433", "title": "A task force needed to monitor leopard poaching in India", "text": "A recent report released by a conglomerate of international organizations estimates that at least four leopards have been poached in India every week, for the last decade. The report raises a red alert about the illegal trade of leopard body parts in the country and urges local agencies to step up conservation efforts.The report titled \" Illuminating the Blind Spots: A Study on Illegal Trade in Leopard Parts in India (2001-2010)\" was released by Traffic, the wildlife trade monitoring network this weekend. It states that a total of 420 incidents of seizure of leopard body parts were reported between 2001 and 2010 across India's 35 territories which translate into roughly over two seizures of leopards, every week. Pointing out that these were only seizures which had been reported or detected, the report then extrapolated these findings to estimate the actual number of wild cats poached and in illegal trade.Leopards are occasionally mauled or lynched when they come in conflict with human settlements, or they fall prey to professional poachers. Delhi was found to be the hub of leopard-related illegal activities with over 26% of reported seizures coming from there followed by Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand.The leopard, a big cat which plays a crucial ecological role is protected under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972 and trade of leopards, whether live or dead or its body parts is prohibited under law. S uch dismal findings in the report then indicate a poor implementation of the law. \"A task force needs to be created for states with high rates of illegal trade in leopards,\" suggest the experts, pointing out that such a body could bring offenders to book and study the patterns of such crimes.The report also suggests setting up of a centralized database on wildlife crimes on the lines of the database maintained by the National Tiger Conservation Authority for tigers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607917", "title": "Ahmedabad immersed in bhakti as Ganesha says goodbye", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 'Ganpati Bappa Morya, Pudhchya Varshi Lav Karya,' reverberated thousands of devotees on the city streets on Saturday afternoon as the god of piety bade farewell on the eleventh day of Ganesh Chaturthi. The festival ended peacefully in the city amidst fervour, said city civic and police authorities. The devotees immersed more than 2,000 idols at various points in the Sabarmati river and artificial water tanks on the riverfront.According to city police officials, the overall rush for the immersion was less compared to previous years. The immersion started from 3pm that continued till late in the night. Floodlights were arranged at 11 points on the riverfront and near the tanks.\"The smooth flow was a boon for the security and traffic arrangements. The average number can be attributed to the fact that we had seen almost the same number of immersions on Friday where many pandal organizers had brought the idols. Moreover, household idols were immersed on the fifth day itself. While the smaller idols were directed towards riverfront tanks, the bigger ones were immersed in the river with the help of cranes from Ellisbridge and Sardar Bridge,\" said a senior city police official.Almost all the areas in the city participated in the festivity as both rich and poor were seen dancing to the tunes of traditional and filmy music accompanied by drums on the city streets. Revelers filled the air with colours of gulal. City police had provided two policemen to every major procession in coordination with local police stations where the idols were registered. Officials said that the move kept the revelers who sometimes drink before the festivities in check.NN Chaudhary, in-charge deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, said that the festival concluded peacefully. \"The rush was seen during the late hours but overall there was no major commotion and no untoward incident was reported. More can be known after all the idols are immersed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16612878", "title": "British Library organizes storytelling session, workshops to enhance creativity", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As part of the national storytelling series of British Library, a storytelling session for 'Edgelands' will be performed by Joanne Blake Cave on Monday at British Library at 4 pm onwards.The British Council in partnership with Nivesh India is supporting International Storytelling Festival to be held in New Delhi from 23rd - 29th September. The council officials said that they have also organized workshops and performances in Delhi, Chandigarh, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and Ahmedabad.These workshops and performances are aimed to showcase UK creativity in story telling for young learners and adults and introducing them to a new art form to develop their creative talent, comprehension and storytelling skills, enhancing their imagination through creative exploration of stories,\"\" said an official.Organizers said that the performance will invite the listeners to walk with the storyteller into the edgelands: where night and day, truth and illusion, human and other meet. Drawing inspiration from the landscape in which she lives at the crossing-place of Britain, Joanne will tell of how boggarts leap among the reeds, fish can speak, foxes heal and shoes take on a life of their own.These are the edgelands that all storytellers inhabit. In Edgelands, she will draw together extracts from her two acclaimed performances, We Are Pathmakers and The Smiling Fox, along with other stories from her rich repertoire of myth and fairytale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16602035", "title": "I miss the warmth of India: Mallika Sherawat", "text": "Mallika Sherawat is happy doing one film a year and claims that she loves travelling around the world. However, the actress admits that she misses the warmth of her own country.On being asked whether she plans to move her base outside India, she said, \"I will never move my base from India. I am a true desi girl.\"\"I enjoy travelling and meeting people round the world. However, I miss the warmth and care of my own country,\" added the actress.The actress is excited about her upcoming film ' Kismat, Love, Paisa, Dilli' . \"I don't want to do films for money. I will do movies only when I read the script and love doing the film,\" concluded Mallika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16608764", "title": "More kids pledge to adopt zoo animals", "text": "KANPUR: After a teenager came forward to adopt a Cockatiel bird at Kanpur zoo for one year with her pocket money, several schoolchildren have vowed to repeat the gesture during World Wildlife Week slated to commence from October 1. A wide variety of wild animals and birds are up for adoption by wildlife lovers at the zoo.The schoolchildren will also be participating in different activities during the wildlife week. K Praveen Rao, the director of Kanpur zoo said he was pleased to hear that the students wished to adopt the animals. He said this would not only help in better upkeep of the animals, but also enhance students' understanding of the importance of conserving flora and fauna.\"Their elders will also get motivation from these young conservationists, and hopefully, they will also come forward to adopt wild animals. This way, nature lovers and wildlife enthusiasts can contribute towards wildlife conservation, and especially help those species which are rare,\" Rao said.The zoo director said he is expecting at least five adoptions by children during the wildlife week. TOI in its September 21 edition had profiled Prachi Sharma, a 12 year old class VII student who adopted a Cockatiel bird at Kanpur Zoo with pocket money which she had been saving for the very purpose. The young girl had given Rs 1100 to the zoo which would use the money for the bird's feed. Prachi's efforts have now prompted more children her age to come forward to adopt the animals and birds.The adoption scheme run by Kanpur zoo enables individuals, organisations and NGOs to adopt animals inside the zoo and thereby pay for their upkeep. Adoption has become an effective method to make people participate in conservation methods. Besides, the cash inflow helps the zoo support its upkeep.Rao said people have a lot of options to choose from. While usually, an animal is adopted by an individual, company or NGO for a one year period, people can also adopt for a longer period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607738", "title": "Three arrested for murder", "text": "NAGPUR: Hudkeshwar police has arrested three persons for their alleged involvement in the murder of BJP rural youth wing leader and Bahadura gram panchayat member Akash Panchbhai earlier this week at Telephone Nagar chowk. Produced before the court on Saturday, the trio was remanded to police custody till October 4.Panchbhai, who too had criminal record, was viewed as an upcoming leader. His murder had created sensation at Dighori and adjoining localities. Though mastermind Sanjay Avtare has remained elusive, Hudkeshwar police has managed to pick up Jagpal Singh Yadav, Pappu Sahu and Arvind Ghotekar from different places in connection to the murder.Panchbhai had a tiff with Avtare at a birthday party on September 23. Earlier learnt to be friends, Panchbhai and Avtare had turned bitter enemies. The enmity had turned worse after police raided Avtare's gambling den. Avtare believed that Panchbhai had provided information to police about his gambling den. Both had sworn to eliminate the other whenever they would find a chance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16617389", "title": "1,433 take Veer Narmad South Gujarat University PhD entrance exam", "text": "SURAT: As many as 1,433 candidates of the registered 1,535 applicants appeared in the entrance test for PhD conducted at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) campus here on Sunday.The two-hour examination was conducted in 26 different subjects. Of the 100 questions, 50 were about general awareness and on language and the remaining were related to the chosen subject of the student.\"Students from across the state have appeared in the examination. A few government officers and professionals were among the candidates,\" said Dakshesh Thakar, vice-chancellor, VNSGU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16608802", "title": "Rights body writes to US for scrapping extradition treaty", "text": "JALANDHAR: Amidst allegations of police using torture on SGPC member Kulbir Singh Barapind and a strong statement issued by Human Rights Watch on the issue of practice of torture by Indian security forces, rights body Sikhs for Justice (SFJ) has approached Hillary Clinton, US secretary of state, urging her to terminate the extradition treaty between United States and India.SFJ's September 28 letter to secretary Clinton says that being a signatory to the UN Convention Against Torture, United States is bound by the Article 3 of the convention to \"not extradite any person to a country where torture is practiced\". Torture of Barapind, an individual who was extradited from the United States warrants immediate termination of the extradition treaty between United States and India, SFJ said.\"Kulbir Singh Barapind was extradited to India in June 2006. Barapind's extradition was executed pursuant to the June 25, 1997, extradition treaty between India and US. In India Barapind was acquitted by the courts because prosecution could not prove any charges for which he was extradited from US,\" the letter to Clinton noted.The SFJ statement said that Barapind had complained to the magistrate that the police \"applied electric shocks to his ears, beat him, and humiliated him\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16615050", "title": "Noida, an illegal arms den", "text": "NOIDA: Noida is fast becoming a den for the manufacture of illegal arms. Noida police said that most of these small workshops operate from within the villages of Noida and Greater Noida and specialize in making and selling country-made pistols. There have been repeated incidents of the police busting such small-scale operations in the city in the past few months. The police added that Noida's proximity to Delhi and its location on the border of western Uttar Pradesh have been important factors in this.On September 7, Noida police busted an illegal arms factor operating out of Sarfabad and Sorkha village and recovered three country-made hand pistols along with manufacturing equipment to make more guns. On June 2, the police recovered 17 country-made pistols, five live cartridges, 14 cartridges shell, 30 LPG cylinders and some equipment used in manufacturing arms. The police say more than 10,000 people are arrested every year from Meerut, Ghaziabad, Bulandshahr, Gautam Budh Nagar, Baghpat, Saharanpur and Muzaffarnagar for the manufacturing and supply of illegal firearms. Recently, seized arms and ammo include .32-bore revolvers, 9mm pistols, 9mm and AK-47 cartridges.The police explained that a number of factors have contributed to Noida's emergence as a centre for illegal arms. \"It's close to Delhi. Due to limited police personnel in the city, its easy to smuggle the arms into Delhi and other parts of NCR. Moreover, people moving west from other parts of UP find Noida a good place to hide out,\" said a senior police officer.Western Uttar Pradesh was an area once afflicted by an almost unbelievably high crime rate. Murders, kidnappings and loot were common place. In the last ten years crime rate has decreased - but the number of guns being produced hasn't. \"The problem is compounded by the fact that guns are not perishable. There are a number of guns that get reused and are sold again. The number of arms don't decrease,\" said the official.West UP is a major supply centre to Haryana, Delhi and other states as well as countries such as Nepal and Bangladesh. These pockets have a thriving market for \"\"stuff\"\" manufactured in Bihar's Munger district. These centres also make.315 and .12 bore pistols in different barrel lengths.The police explained that a major obstacle faced by them is the temporal nature of these manufacturing workshops. \"They are located in villages where the police presence is limited or forests. Also, they are very easy to move in case they get wind of a police operation,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "16608753", "title": "Four held in Sonipat gang rape", "text": "SONIPAT: Police have arrested all the four youths involved in the gang rape of a 17-year-old schoolgirl in Gohana town in Sonipat district on Thursday.While two of the accused \u2014 Harish and Amit alias Kali \u2014 were arrested on Friday night, the other two \u2014 Deepak and Raman alias Santy \u2014 were nabbed on Saturday from Gohana town.Police said after the rape, two of the accused had fought with each other and one of them \u2014 Harish \u2014 suffered injuries. He has been admitted at PGIMS, Rohtak.The other three accused were produced before a local court and were remanded in police custody. Gohana DSP Yashpal Singh said, \"All the accused are in their early twenties and owned shops in the main market. The victim also lived in the same locality.\"The, a class XI student, had gone to buy grocery from a shop when the main accused, Amit alias Kali, sent her to the adjoining godown to pick up certain items. The girl was trapped inside the godown and was raped by the four.Police said the medical examination of the victim had confirmed rape and a forensic team also visited the crime spot to pick up evidence.Vice-chairperson of Haryana Women's Commission Chander Prabha also reached Gohana and met the family members of the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608228", "title": "Minister talks tough on rogue auto drivers", "text": "KOLKATA: State transport minister Madan Mitra on Saturday expressed concern over rising indiscipline among autorickshaw drivers and warned stern action against those who flout norms.\"The government has received complaints about auto drivers becoming reckless. We are also getting complaints that they are charging exorbitant fares and misbehaving with passengers. Indiscipline has reached such a point that the government is now seriously pondering strong action against the errant drivers,\" Mitra said on Friday.The minister had earlier said that the department was planning a pre-puja crackdown on autorickshaw drivers, especially to detect those charging excessive fares. The minister had said that the government had been trying to solve the problem through discussions but auto drivers were not paying any heed to the suggestions.Also, a panel was formed to look into the matter found that there were thousands of illegal autos plying in the city. The panel proposed rationalization of auto routes and also recommended a stage-wise break up of auto fares. It also recommended high-security number plates for the three-wheelers.The expert panel even suggested that not more than four passengers - three on the rear seat and one on the left side of the driver - will be allowed to travel on an auto and that government should see that autos block the right side of the driver's seat. Auto operators may also be asked to keep their driving licenses and other relevant papers along with a photo ID card displaying their name and address.On Friday, Mitra also said that his department was seriously looking into the matter of overloading of trucks. \"All the district magistrates and superintendents of police have been asked to take stern action against erring truck operators,\" the minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16607718", "title": "'No intention to kill in Balli riots'", "text": "MARGAO: The CBI has charged the 14 accused in the death of two tribal youngsters during the Balli agitation last year with culpable homicide not amounting to murder. The state crime branch had earlier charged the accused with murder. The case had been transferred to the CBI in February this year.The fresh chargesheet was filed before the additional sessions judge, Margao, Vijaya Pol, by CBI SP V Chandrashekhar on Saturday. Manguesh Gaonkar of Canacona and Dilip Velip of Quepem were charred to death on May 25, 2011, during the agitation by scheduled tribes that turned violent.The accused are Deepak Faldessai, Prashant Faldessai, Vinay Dessai, Surendra Naik, Salil Fatarpekar, Vinod Faldessai, Satyavam Parwan, Ramnath Dessai, Piadade Peter Fernandes, Daynanand Kholkar, Deepak Vishnu Faldesai, Kiran Faldessai, Barkat Ali and Bhupesh Dessai. The CBI has charged them under IPC Sections 143 (unlawful assembly), 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 304 (II) (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 427 (mischief), 436 (mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to destroy house) read with IPC Section 149.Sources said a three-member team from the special crime branch of the Mumbai CBI is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "16608405", "title": "Poverty, poor schools pushing kids to child labour", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: The public hearing held in Ramanathapuram town on Saturday revealed various socio-economic factors which drove children from the Kadaladi block here to take up jobs in spite of their desire to continue their education. Child Rights and You (CRY) along with its partnering NGO, Rural Workers Development Society in the locality carried out the study in 27 villages of Kadaladi block in the district which revealed that 365 children below 18 years of age are employed in various industries.The jury consisted of Madras high court senior advocate R Sudha Ramalingam, state representative of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights Henri Tiphagne, B Parthasarathy from Madurai Kamaraj University Teacher's Association (MUTA) and P Thirumalai, a journalist. The children narrated that the lack of sustainable income, non-availability and poor accessibility to schools in the locality and lack of proper transportation had forced them to take up even hazardous professions.With the Palmyra industry that was once prominent in the region turning unviable, many parents said their acute poverty had made them dependant on the meagre income that their children earned. Anthony Josephraj of Kannigapuri narrated how his family of seven depended upon the money that his daughter brought home as he could not climb trees after developing a health issue and his wife was handicapped. Hence, 16-year-old Vellankanni works in the salt pans of Tuticorin district and earns about Rs 3,500 after toiling under the hot sun for many hours each day. She refused to attend the hearing after picking up a quarrel over her inability to continue studying. \"Three years have passed since she dropped out in eighth standard. It would be difficult to enroll her back,\" was the excuse given to the jury when it proposed a residential school for the girl.Among other reasons like poor transportation in the block to reach school and the lack of middle and high schools in the villages, acute poverty at home burdened with too many children was found to be the major reason for most children to drop out. T Alagumuthu (14) from Vellapatti narrated her helplessness as she had to take care of the family after her father abandoned them when her mother died a few years ago. \"I work in sea food companies to educate my younger brother and feed my grandmother,\" she told the jury.Some of the parents and relatives of the 47 children who attended the hearing spoke about the loss of livelihood in the Palmyra industry. Palm sugar processing is an important business in Kadaladi, Tirupullani, Vembar, Sayalkudi and other surrounding regions but the fluctuating prices of palm sugar had severely affected them. \"We take a lease of the trees and toil away daily to get the palm sugar, but traders take the product from us at throwaway prices,\" rued P Edison of Sayalkudi.Urging the education department to look into the lack of accessibility and poor infrastructure in the schools, the jury of the public hearing pressed the government to consider procuring palm sugar at better prices and save the industry from peril with value added products. \"It will save the families and the children forced into employment at a tender age. Besides, family planning should also be given a thrust in the region,\" they said. Further, teachers were urged to take sincere efforts to prevent dropouts due to corporal punishment.Alarming situation- The household study done in 27 villages of Kadaladi block brought out the case of 367 child labourers in the region- Among them, 222 are involved in the Palmira industry, fishing, grocery shops and other petty professions and another 45 work in spinning mills- 35 children toil in salt pans while another 65 work for more than 12 hours in freezing cold conditions at sea food companies- Major reasons for child labour are lack of schools in the locality, poor transportation and a lack of infrastructure in the schools, corporal punishment, loss of livelihood of parents in the Palmira industry, migration of parents- Most of the children suffer with fatigue, stress related pains in limbs, headaches, stomach pain and it has been found during the study that many young girls who work in sea food companies tend to become infertile at later stages", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608476", "title": "World Heart Day: Bangaloreans walk for a healthy heart", "text": "BANGALORE: Walkathons, heart check-ups, human chain and sessions on how to guard your heart marked World Heart Day here on Saturday.At Narayana Hrudayalaya, the day started with walkathon led by Venkatakrishniaiah, the first artificial heart transplant patient. Doctors, patients, paramedical, general public and some members from the corporate sector participated in the walkathon.KIMS Heart Center and Vikram Hospital organized a walkathon to create awareness among public about heart diseases. The hospitals also organized free heart check up camps on their premises. In a walkathon organized by the Vikram Hospital, the participants also took part in formation of a heart-shaped human chain spreading the message of 'Save Your Heart'. KIMS walkathon was attended by nearly 500 people while Medihope's walkathon created awareness.Manipal Hospital organized a Poster Exhibition in its premises showcasing the posters spreading awareness on heart diseases. BGS Global Hospitals organized a free heart check-up camp as well as Free Global Heart Support Group programme - Hrudaya Mitra.At the MSR Narayana Hrudayalaya, children who have undergone heart surgeries from across the state came together. The patients and their parents had an interaction about life after surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16608613", "title": "Dengue fear sharper than sting", "text": "LUDHIANA: The mayhem created by dengue in the city last year has forced residents to be extra cautious while fighting the disease now. While the number of persons suffering from dengue has just crossed the 50 mark this year, the spread was far wider in 2011, when in one month alone 1,200 people were rushed to hospitals for transfusion of platelets after they tested positive for the disease.Having learned lessons from last years shortage of blood units and aided by fewer cases this year, city hospitals claim they are ready with adequate measures. However, residents are finding it hard to fight the scare.For instance, BRS Nagar resident Manjit Singh says recently when his relative was suspected of dengue, he made sure the platelets were available for meeting any eventuality even before the final test reports were in.Allaying fears, Dr Sandeep Puri of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital said, Dengue has not reached epidemic proportions this year and very few cases have been reported at our hospital. Last year, the number was huge. We have taken advanced measures and can carry out platelet transfusion on even 100 dengue patients in a day as we have seven separator machines. The hospital receives the maximum dengue cases in the city every year.Model Town businessman Raj Kumar , whose friend is suffering from dengue, said: Blood was arranged even before the disease was confirmed. Last year, a relative got dengue and we had to run helter-skelter to collect blood platelets. Dr Anil Verma, an epidemiologist at civil surgeons office, stated: Last year till this time 450 cases were reported from different hospitals of the city, but this time, its only 50 so far. We are periodically fogging the disease-prone areas.Confirming the same, head of DMCH blood bank Dr Amarjeet Kaur said: We have received very few requests for blood platelets as compared to previous years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16608795", "title": "Minimum bus fare could be hiked to Rs 6", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Justice Ramachandran Commission, which studied the demand for bus fare hike in the state in the wake of the recent diesel price hike, submitted its report to the government on Saturday.It is learnt that the minimum bus fare will be hiked by Re 1 to Rs 6. Sources said the KSRTC had asked for a raise of Re 1 on the minimum fare while private bus owners wanted a Rs 2-hike.The fare per km will also be raised for various services, it is learnt. For ordinary services, the rate is likely to be hiked from 55 paise to 58 paise per km while it will be 57 paise to 60 paise per km for fast passenger services. It is likely to be 60 paise instead of 57 paise per km for super fast services and 65 paise instead of 60 paise per km for express buses. The bus owners had been demanding a raise in the student concession rates, which too is learnt to have been fixed at Re 1 after a 50-paise hike. Commission chairman M Ramachandran said the recommendations had been submitted to the government and refused to divulge any details. \"The report has been submitted. The government can decide whether to accept the report as it is or ask for necessary changes in the recommendations,\" he said.Transport minister Aryadan Mohammed had earlier said that a fare hike was inevitable in the wake of the recent diesel price hike of Rs 5 per litre. There are over 35,000 buses, private and KSRTC, plying in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16607472", "title": "Keel-laying ceremony of offshore patrol vessels at Goa Shipyard Ltd", "text": "The keel-laying ceremony of the first of the new class offshore patrol vessels (OPVs) for the Indian Coast Guard was held at Goa Shipyard Ltd, Vasco, onFriday. IG S K Goyal, PTM, TM, deputy director general (M&M;) of Indian Coast Guard, did the honours in the distinguished presence of RAdm (Retd) Vineet Bakhshi VSM, chairman and managing director, Goa Shipyard Ltd (GSL), and senior officials of the Coast Guard and GSL. The contract for these ships was signed on May 9 and these vessels are based on GSL's in-house design. When commissioned, these vessels will be the most advanced patrol vessels in service with the Coast Guard. The overall length of the vessels is 105m, with a displacement of about 2,400 tonnes. The six OPVS will be fitted with a contemporary navigational integrated bridge system with a bridge watch navigational call up system, CCTV system for complete surveillance, additional features like quick response boats for rescue and anti piracy, four-lane simulator for small arms training and many more advanced features. The hull would be the most efficient form designed by GSL and would provide for fuel efficiency, crew comfort and excellent sea keeping qualities, states a press note.Shivani, Pauras, Shubham for national Bal Shree camp: Shivani Kuncolienkar (creative writing), Pauras Narvenkar (creative arts) and Shubham Bandodkar (special category, creative art), the children selected at the west zone selection camp, will participate in the national level Bal Shree camp to be held at the National Bal Bhavan, New Delhi, from October 1 to 5. They are accompanied by art instructor Sanjay Mandrekar and Benedita Miranda, a teacher from the Sanjay school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16614995", "title": "Railway board chairman Vinay Mittal inaugurat automatic ticket vending machine", "text": "MUMBAI: Railway Board chairman Vinay Mittal inaugurated the Currency accepting Automatic Ticket Vending Machines (ATVMs) at Churchgate station on September 29, 2012.Chief Public Relations Officer of WR Sharat Chandrayan said, \"First of its kind on WR, these machines accept currency notes and coins for vending the tickets and refill of the smart card.\"Installed on experimental basis, this machine will make purchasing of tickets easier and make it convenient for passengers to use the ATVMs even if they don't have smart card.He further said that two machines installed at Churchgate station accept currency notes in denomination of Rs.5 to Rs.500 and coins of Re 1, Rs 5 &amp; Rs 10.Commuters can purchase First class/Second class Single/Return tickets, Renew Season ticket for Western Railway &amp; Central Railway.Chandrayn said, \"Recharing of Smart Card with currency notes of Rs 20, Rs 50 &amp; Rs 100 and issual of platform ticket is also possible.\"Passenger has to insert exact amount in currency notes or coins. Machine does not accept any surplus or short amount.The user interface of machine is very simple as it issues tickets in 4 easy steps. Machine accepts only valid currency and any torn or fake currency is not accepted.The ATVMs have revolutioned the ticketing on suburban system and now the currency accepting ATVMs are an added advantage for passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "sanguem", "code": "16607526", "title": "Plea to paint Sanguem speed breakers", "text": "SANGUEM: Residents of Sanguem taluka and nearby areas have demanded that 24 speed breakers on the 12 km road from Ugem to Curchorem via Sanguem should be painted as they are not visible during the night.They have opined that the speed breakers, which are installed by the PWD, lack specific design, thereby posing a serious threat to commuters.Residents complained that certain speed breakers in the locality are too high and are also not visible during the night time as they are not painted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606857", "title": "Ganesh Visarjan: What a grand send-off!", "text": "HYDERABAD: Neither the rain nor cops could dampen the spirits of the pious and the enthusiastic as lakhs of people turned up on the Tank Bund-Necklace Road stretch to participate in the Ganesh nimajjan on Saturday. Till 11pm, more than 2,500 idols had already been immersed in Hussainsagar lake. The immersion was incident-free till reports last came in with the process likely to continue till Sunday afternoon.Despite police pushing pandal organisers to complete the immersion early in view of the 'Chalo Hyderabad' march scheduled for Sunday, the task was way behind schedule and it was being predicted that the immersions would continue till 3pm on Sunday.Briefing the media, Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma said that 2,500 idols had been immersed till 9pm with the centralised procession containing vehicles which lined up, stretched till MJ Market and beyond. Also, for the first time in recent times, the gigantic Khairatabad Ganesh was moved from its pandal early and nearly reached the immersion site by late Saturday. Organisers said its immersion alone would take close to a couple of hours.The centralised procession \u2014 which usually starts from Balapur \u2014 did not pick up pace till 4pm and, as a result, the elaborate plans drawn up by city police went for a toss. The number of idols yet to be immersed ranges between 4,000-5,000, it was learnt.The commissioner said that there were no untoward incidents during the day and also dismissed reports of tension in some parts of the city.Late in the evening, thundershowers struck the city and that slowed down the pace of the immersions although it has to be said that it did not succeed in dampening the spirits of the revelers who were dancing to the beats of the teen mar. Police also did not allow people to witness the immersion process near Hussainsagar's bank. Unprecedented security arrangements had been made for the event.In Cyberabad, too, the immersion was incident-free at various water bodies in the area. However, five persons suffered burns after they came in contact with a high-tension wire. Three of them were admitted to a local hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16608115", "title": "Cops double up as teachers in Rajasthan school", "text": "JAISALMER: A police station in Barmer's Ramsar border area has for several years had young children roaming around its premises. But don't jump to any conclusion. Here cops have adopted the role of teachers for 185 children.In 2006, when floods hit Barmer, a village school in Ramsar was destroyed and the then district collector gave order for its closure. However, former Ramsar police station officer Surendra Kumar took responsibility of helping children continue their studies by shifting the school to the police station and asked a few cops to teach the students.Later, then SP, Barmer, Umesh Chand Dutta deployed additional personnel to this police station and gave a momentum to the teaching drive. Since then other SPs have continued the tradition. Initially, 20 children came to the police station for studying, but today there are 185. An NGO has appointed four teachers for the school who are being paid salaries from donations.\"After the floods, our earlier station officer started this school and even today, we run this school. Our objective is to make children show interest in education,\" said officer Narpatdan Charan. \"We are making all efforts to give the children a good life. In future, when these children will become IPS or RAS officers, they will remember us,\" said Barmer SP Rahul Barhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16608104", "title": "World Health Day observed at Patna Medical College and Hospital", "text": "PATNA: The risk of heart disease is found to be higher among Indians compared to Americans and those from European nations, with cardiovascular diseases claiming around 2 million lives annually in India. This was stated by experts here on the occasion of World Heart Day, which was observed at the PMCH.HoD, medicine, PMCH, Dr J K L Das said Indians were getting more prone to heart diseases due to poor physical activity, intake of high-fat diet and low intake of fruits and vegetables. Dr Ashok Shankar Singh said it was a myth that cardiovascular diseases mostly affect males. In fact, heart disease is the cause of one in three female deaths each year.To combat heart disease, we need to adopt a comprehensive approach involving improvement in basic amenities and health care facilities, as also change in lifestyle with regular walk and exercise and healthy diet comprising green vegetables and fruits, said Dr Vinod Sinha.A mass awareness programme was also held at Indira Gandhi Institute of Cardiology (IGIC) on the occasion of World Heart Day. The programme was inaugurated by IGIC director Dr S N Mishra, during which experts including Dr S S Chatterjee, Dr Harenda Kumar, Dr A K Jha and Dr Arvind Kumar of IGIC discussed the prevalence of heart disease among children and women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16608162", "title": "Cop couple pulled up for taking leave without notice", "text": "CHENNAI: An additional superintendent of police was pulled up for marrying her driver, a police constable, and subsequently taking leave for two weeks without notice. Umayal, attached to the prohibition enforcement wing (PEW) in Kancheepuram district, got married to her driver, Gopanna, at a temple in Chennai a few weeks ago.Following the marriage, Gopanna sent his resignation letter to his senior, citing personal reasons. Subsequently, the newly wed couple went on leave without notice. A departmental inquiry has been initiated against the duo, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16615863", "title": "Post on Facebook threatens to blow up Jaipur airport", "text": "JAIPUR: Security in and around the Sanganer Airport here was stepped up on Sunday after security agencies received information about a post on social-networking website Facebook threatening to blow up the airport on October 1.\"We got information that somebody has uploaded content threatening bomb blast at the airport on a social networking website, following which we tightened security and briefed airlines about that,\" airport's officiating director P Srikrishna said, adding that the threat was non-specific.Internal security at the airport is being handled by CISF and addition policemen have also been deployed outside the airport.\"We got inputs about the threat and the security has been tightened. The matter is being investigated and efforts are being made to locate the Facebook account user,\" additional DCP Yogesh Dadhich said.The content was reportedly uploaded by a woman on her Facebook wall in which she said that the airport will be blown up on October 1, police sources said.The identity of the Facebook account user has not disclosed but police sources say its been operated somewhere in Churu district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607068", "title": "Betting racket busted, four held", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur police has arrested four punters for allegedly betting over match between England and New Zealand from a house in Mahesh Nagar police station area. Conducting the search the crime branch of Jaipur police raided the house situated in the Roop Vihar locality in the city and seized Rs 2.23 lakh from the possession of the punters apart from nine mobile phones, LCD television and 2 luxury vehicles.Initially the police found it difficult to search for the accused since a family function had been organized on the occasion of Anant Chaturthi on Sunday. The family members attempted to mislead the police, but police continued their search in the house and finally managed to bust a racket of betting over cricket matches.\"Since we had specific information a team including the senior police officers raided the house. Initially the owners of the house Bhagchand Khandelwal (51) and Rajkumar Khandelwal (49) asked us to leave saying they were having a religious feast,\" said Raghuveer Saini, additional deputy commissioner of police(crime) on Sunday.Later, when we checked the house it was confirmed that both the brothers and two of their nephews were involved in cricket betting. Some of the slips with cash transactions during betting were also seized.\"A cash of nearly Rs 2.23 lakh, 9 mobile phones, LCD tv and two luxury vehicles were seized while the two men and two of their nephews who live in other areas in the city and had come to participate in the betting were arrested,\" Saini added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16607851", "title": "RTO clerk, 5 others arrested for car theft", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Chandrapur police have busted an interstate racket involved in theft and sale of cars with fake RTO registration. Investigations have revealed that the new cars stolen from different places were registered in fake names at Chandrapur RTO office and were later sold to the customers. Police have arrested six persons including head clerk of RTO Laxman Tambde. Other arrested are: Rashid Sheikh, Badal Jaiswal, Babloo alias Sahid Sheikh, Ashfaq Sheikh and Ibrahim Khan Pathan.Matter came to light when complainant Janardhan Kalaskar approached the police saying he was duped of Rs 4.35 lakh in a car purchase deal. He had purchased a car from Rashid Sheikh of Nagpur. But the mechanic who took care of his car told Kalaskar that the chassis number of the vehicle has been tampered.Cops checked the registration papers of the car and it turned out that the car was earlier registered in a fake name before being sold to Kalaskar. Based on the information accused Rashid Sheikh was lured into a trap and was arrested near Hotel Siddharth here few days back. RTO agent Badal Jaiswal who mediated for fake registration of the car too was rounded up. Later Sahid Sheikh, Ashfaq Sheikh and Ibrahim Khan Pathan were also arrested for their involvement in the racket.Investigations revealed that brand new cars like Indigo, Innova, Sumo etc stolen from different places were brought to Chandrapur for fake RTO registration. The gang members in connivance with RTO staff used to register the car with new registration number in the name of fake owner. Later these cars were sold to the customers as second hand vehicles.On Friday police busted the RTO connection in the racket and arrested head clerk Laxman Tambde for aiding the accused in the fake registration of stolen car. Investigator also took statements of assistant RTO Atul Ade and vehicle inspector Sapkale in the case.During investigation it came to fore that 35 cars stolen from Chhattisgarh , Andhra Pradesh , Odisha, Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh were registered in fake name at Chandrapur RTO. Police have seized several cars from Chandrapur, Gadchiroli and Amravati which had been registered in fake names at Chandrapur RTO. Amravati police have also arrested two accused Rakesh Sapkale and Dilip Donti in this connection. Chandrapur police has sought the custody of these two accused for further investigation. Special team led by DySP Sameer Sheikh is investigating into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608315", "title": "Karnataka is left with no option but to give water", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government seems to have no other option but to obey the Supreme Court's directive on Friday to release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu.The state's legal team, headed by Fali S Nariman, BJP president Nitin Gadkari and ministers in the Jagadish Shettar cabinet have all opined that Karnataka should obey the verdict first, after which a review petition could be filed in the apex court.On Saturday, CM Shettar tried to buy time saying the government is filing another review petition to the PM. \"We decided to request the PM again to keep his September 19 order in abeyance and send an expert team to assess the ground situation. We hope he'll heed our request,'' he said. Asked why the PM would even review his order which was upheld by the SC, the CM declined to reply.The chief minister met his cabinet colleagues including deputy CM R Ashoka , law minister S Suresh Kumar , water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai, forest minister C P Yogeshwara, medical education minister S A Ramdas and higher education minister C T Ravi. According to sources, the chief minister reportedly said they had only two options: the cabinet resigning or releasing water. They counselled him against the first option as it wouldn't be fruitful.\"We cited the instance of HD Deve Gowda and SM Krishna, who had to obey the court order and release water We cited resignation of Union minis ter MH Ambareesh which achieved very little,'' said a minister.The government has put in place se curity arrangements, especially in KRS and Kabini, Bangalore-Mysore highway and Bangalore-Hosur road. \"Nariman told the government his team would withdraw from the case if the SC di rective is not complied with. He said he would not step into the court hall if it's not done,'' said a minister. His advised that it would not be possible to approach the court with a review petition with out implementing its order.Non-compliance of the order of the PM-headed Cauvery River Authority on September 19 to release 9,000 cusecs of water is said to be Nariman's reason for not appearing before the SC on Friday when TN's application was tak en up for hearing. The court expressed its displeasure for non-compliance of the order and issued directions to implement it.According to sources, even BJP chief Gadkari has advised Shet tar to obey the order. However, opposition parties were non-committal. Siddaramaiah (Congress) and HD Revanna (JD-S ), who blamed the government for not fighting the legal battle strongly, were ambiguous. At the all-party meeting chaired by the CM, they suggested the government take appropriate legal measures and protect the interests of the people and farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16609807", "title": "Kipyego, Wude win Delhi Half Marathon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Braving hot and humid conditions, Kenya's Edwin Kipyego emerged victorious in the men's elite category, while Ethiopia's Yimer Wude won the women's title of the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon, on Sunday.Kipyego covered the 21.097 km distance in one hour and 55 seconds to pocket USD 25,000 winner's purse. He however was behind previous editions wining time of 59:30s, set by Lelisa Desisa of Ethiopia.Two-time winner Deriba Merga holds the course record of 59:15 seconds clocked in 2008, which is his personal best in this distance.Last year's champion Desisa suffered from Achilles tendon pain during the course of the run to finish seventh with a timing of 1:02:50s.Kenya dominated the men's elite field as Kipyego's compatriots Leonard Langat and Silas Kipruto finished second and third respectively.Langat, who was matching the pace of Kipyego most of the distance, failed to accelerate towards the end and clocked 1:01:07s to settle for a silver. Kipruto clocked 1:01:57s to win the bronze.In the women's event, Ethiopia had one and two with Yimer Wude emerging victorious with a timing of one hour, 11 minutes and 10 seconds. Her compatriot Waganesh Amare and Kenya's Helah Kiprop finished second and third clocking 1:11:12s and 1:11:18s respectively.Two-time winner Aselefech Mergia of Ethiopia could not finish the race because of a leg injury.Rahul Kumar Pal (1:06:12s) finished first among Indian men and overall 16th in the race. Nitender Singh and Indrajeet Patel came second and third among Indian winners respectively.Sudha Singh was the fastest woman among Indians, clocking 1:19:34, followed by Kavita Raut and last year's champion Lalita Babbar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16608120", "title": "Voter turnout around 55% in Allahabad University elections", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After a long wait of around seven years, the Allahabad University campus finally witnessed polling for electing its 81st student union on Saturday, with around 55 per cent students exercising the franchise. Although almost every guideline laid down in the Lyngdoh committee was violated in the past one week of the election process, the varsity authorities were successful in conducting the poll peacefully.The results of polls were to be declared late Saturday night. Voting was held from 8 am to 2 pm in 14 polling centres and 47 polling booths. The polling percentage, which was low in the last elections (35 to 40 per cent), improved substantially in Saturday's election when around 55 per cent students exercised their franchise. Polling was equally impressive on the women's hostel (WH) campus wherein girl students of AU took part in the polling. A total of 6,664 girls and 13,748 boys registered for Saturday's polls.Male students were allowed to vote on the Arts campus which had polling booths at the Union Hall and Central Library gates while female students cast their vote on the WH campus. Students were allowed to enter the campus only after showing their identity cards along with original fee receipt. Exit from the campus was allowed from the KPUC gate of AU. On the Arts campus, polling centres were made in 13 departments where students voted at 30 booths. On the Women's College campus, female students voted at 17 booths set up in two polling centres.Of the total of 101 candidates, 13 each are contesting for the post of president and vice-president, 16 for general secretary, 14 for joint secretary, 19 for cultural secretary, 16 for faculty representative (UG) and 10 for faculty representative (PG).As polling was being held on the two campuses, large groups of students took out rallies in support of their candidates and roads near both entry points were carpeted with handbills. Along with these, supporters of various candidates were seen appealing to the voters to poll for their candidate. Various buildings of the two faculties were pasted with hand made posters of candidates.District administration had made elaborate security arrangements for polling as heavy police force was deployed in several sensitive areas inside and outside the varsity.After polling, ballot boxes were collected from all the booths and shifted to the first floor of the central library where counting started at around 4 pm and results were expected by late night. Returning officer Prof BN Singh informed that victorious candidates will be administered oath of office at the Union Hall at 10am on September 30. \"The polling was peaceful, for which students should be congratulated\", said the returning officer.Election for student union was also held in three constituent colleges of Allahabad University, namely CMP Degree College, Iswar Saran Degree College (ISDC) and Allahabad Degree College. Polling was held peacefully in all these colleges and results were to be declared late Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16607924", "title": "Which Pak story we must tell: Good, bad or steamy?", "text": "There's a college student who looks like he's on the higher side of the class hierarchy. He's on the street with a big, bristly broom and he's brushing away the debris. The state-hired municipal worker in his orange overalls, is amused but clearly delighted, as he stands back and watches this Lahore youngster break into an impassioned, dedicated and slightly uncomfortable sweat.He isn't alone. There's a small army of his college comrades sweeping, scrubbing and painting the spaces that were attacked with fervour only a few days ago.Pakistan has to be the only country in the world that considers itself the brand ambassador for Islam. Some bigoted dunce makes a really low-level film that is deeply disrespectful. Another bigot - a right-wing American Church leader with a checkered reputation for peace - supports the film. Instead of ignoring trashy hate propaganda, Pakistan's decision makers succumbed to the pressure of their own religious right and not only protested, but rose to the occasion by calling for a national holiday in Pakistan, to demonstrate love for Prophet Muhammad.But which story is worth the telling? Does one cover the story about the wreckage - a portrait of extremist nuts on a rampage to destroy anything in sight, provoked by a bad filmmaker into an uncontrollable fury? (Never mind that most of these people don't think about religious dictates much as they go about their daily lives; think treatment of women , staff, religious minorities, the poor, the landless, etc, etc, etc.) Of course, cars set aflame, mobs armed with various instruments, innocent by-standers dead are the hallmarks of a good news story.There is another story worth the telling. A sexy foreign minister in a hidden love affair with a young boy of some importance, broken with an explicit range of details by one Bangladeshi tabloid, Blitz. A steamy affair that the paper suggests includes a flowery note that should put Hina Rabbani Khar's very eloquent usage of language to shame. Question: can she write so poorly? \"The foundation of our relation is eternal and soon we shall be just ourselves.\" That's not even grammatically correct. But nonetheless it is the entirely edible gossip news that you can sweep up, off Marine Drive, with like Sardar Ji's yummy bhaji with a hot buttery pao.Now, if we retreat to the streets of Islamabad and Karachi and Lahore, there is a civil society effort is under way - in sweet defiance of government reaction. Lahore's University of Management Sciences, Farhan Rafi, twitters to awake the social conscience of a nation's youth. His note reminds one of something Mohammad Ali Jinnah once said: Sothi hoi qaum ko jagao. Which reminds me of a rather pathetic personal tale. When phones didn't have caller ID, a bunch of us had a sleepover at my place. We thought it would be fun to call people at 3 am. We awoke some Karachi defence-neighbourhood Aunty who asked who it was in a sleepy, tired voice, to which my friend obnoxiously responded: Aunty, aap ko yaad naheen hai? Quaid-e-Azam nay kaha tha: sothi hoi quam ko jagao.What Farhan Rafi has done is quite spectaculour. Teams of youth across Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad, repenting for the behaviour of their officials and their jobless, vagabond compatriots cleaning up what others have destroyed. Here's a toast to them.The author is a Delhi-based Pakistani journalist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16611888", "title": "South-west monsoon normal in 20 districts", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in three districts; fairly widespread in 11; scattered in eight; isolated in seven; and negligible in one district in Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. South-west monsoon was a ctive in two districts; normal in 20 districts; and weak in eight districts. Heavy rain in three districts, rather heavy rain in 11 districts, moderate rain in 14 districts, light rain in one district, and very light rain in one district.Rainfall over Karnataka in the above 24-hours is considered as scattered since 46% of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Mattur in Koppal taluk of Koppal district recorded maximum rainfall of 68mmin the above 24-hours. Widespread, moderate to rather heavy rain was received in Chitradurga, Bellary and Raichur; VS Prakash, director, Karnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Committee, Bangalore stated.Fairly widespread, moderate to heavy rain was received in Chikkaballapura, Hassan, Yadgir, Chikmagalur, Uttara Kannada, Kodagu, Kolar, Udupi, Davangere, Dakshina Kannada, Tumkur, Koppal and Bangalore Rural districts; scattered, moderate to heavy rain in Shimoga, Gadag, Mysore, Mandya, Bangalore Urban and Ramanagara; isolated, light to moderate rain in Chamarajanagar, Gulbarga, Bagalkot, Belgaum, Haveri, Bijapura and Dharwad districts.Karnataka for the period June 1 to September 30 has recorded deficit rainfall of 26%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 835.2mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 615.1mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on September 30, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 6.3mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 6.8mm, a deficit of 7%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "16612657", "title": "After much wait, chowk named after Bhagat Singh in Pakistan", "text": "BARNALA: The celebrations erupted when the legendary martyr Bhagat Singh finally got official recognition across the Radcliff line in Pakistan.Conceding to a long pending demand of Bhagat Singh followers in Pakistan Punjab, the authorities have renamed the Shadman chowk as Bhagat Singh Chowk. Going by a news item published in the prominent English daily of Pakistan 'The Dawn' about renaming of chowk on Sunday, the progressive fields are agog with happiness. After the central jail, where freedom fighters Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev were hanged on March 23, 1931 was demolished in 1961, Shadman colony was set up and at execution ground Shadman Chowk was built.Civil society activists of Pakistan had been holding a candle march at the chowk on 23rd March for many years with the demand of naming the chowk after Bhagat Singh. This year on 23rd March, veteran Indian journalist Kuldip Nayar had made former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to promise to emphasize on getting the chowk officially named as Bhagat Singh Chowk to the Punjab provincial government.Taking it forward, the leader of Pakistan Peoples' party in Punjab assembly Zulfiqar Gondal had on April 11, 2012 brought before the Punjab Provincial Assembly a resolution seeking to rename roundabout as \"Bhagat Singh Chowk\". He also proposed to build a monument to honour Bhagat Singh. Only on Friday Pakistan labour party and various other organizations had celebrated Bhagat Singh's 105th birth anniversary at Lahore and Bhagat Singh was described as the representative of struggling people of whole Asia.Jawahar Lal Nehru University Professor at center of Indian languages Chaman Lal terms it as a big occasion said \"after getting its due in neighbouring country Bhagat Singh has now become legendary and internationally acceptable martyr\". It is big occasion for all the Bhagat followers and Pakistan authorities need to be complimented for this otherwise delayed decision, he said. Prof. Chaman Lal has authored several books in many Indian languages on Bhagat Singh.Bhagat Singh follower and professor at the institute of peace and secular studies(IPSS) director, Diep Saeeda talking to Times of India over phone from Lahore said that it is a highly welcomed step though taken very late. \"We had been advocating for naming the chowk as Bhagat Singh chowk since many years and only now on martyr' 105th birth anniversary it has been conceded\". We will soon celebrate the occasion at the chowk and will try to build a monument there, said Saeeda.Bhagat Singh belongs to us as well and we wanted that his memory be preserved for the coming generations to realate to the martyr better. Many aficionados had been coming forward to press Pakistan Punjab government to name the chowk after the martyr, said Diep.Punjab sabhyachar manch convener Amolak Singh, Lok Morcha Punjab leader Narain Dutt said it is sacred occasion for us all and we will soon celebrate it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607736", "title": "Two burglaries in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Two burglaries were reported at different places in the city on Saturday. Immambada and Ajni police stations have registered the cases of burglaries after citizens reported the matter before them.In the first case, 64-year-old Shantabai Patil lodged complaint with Immambada police after burglary at her Rambagh residence. Shantabai had gone to her daughter's home on September 21. She returned on Friday evening but found the front door lock broken. Cash Rs9,000 and valuables worth Rs37,800 were stolen from the house.In another case, thieves decamped with valuables worth Rs35,000 from the Kamna nagar residence of Sonia Zaidi, 32, on Saturday. She had left for her mother's place a day before. On returning home, she found the door lock broken. She reported the matter to Kalamna police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16614659", "title": "Participate in wildlife protection: Minister", "text": "BHOPAL: Forest minister Sartaj Singh has appealed to school and college students and teachers as well as general public in all the districts of the state to participate in programmes to be held during Wildlife Week as a proof of their love and cooperation in wildlife protection efforts.In his message on the occasion, the Forest Minister has said that besides ex-servicemen, cooperation of local villagers has also been sought for security of protected areas. The State Government has made special efforts for protection and management of wild life staying outside the protected areas and a separate budget has been allocated for this. As many as 56 forest check-posts have been set up in these forest areas where employees, vehicles and equipment have been made available in adequate number.The State Government has also increased quantum of compensation against loss of life or injury due to wild animals. These services have been included in Madhya Pradesh Public Service Delivery Guarantee Act-2010 with view to ensuring prompt disposal of loss of live, cattle heads and crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16613719", "title": "I will support Jay-Z's Nets: Rihanna", "text": "Rihanna has revealed that her loyalty now lies with Jay-Z's partly owned basketball team Brooklyn Nets.The 24-year-old singer made the revelation at the star-studded opening of Jay-Z's 40/40 Club in the billion-dollar Barclays Center, on Thursday night.\"I have to support the Nets, they're part of my clique!\" the New York Daily News quoted her, as telling Confidenti@l.The rapper, who hours earlier flew in from London, looked stunning in a pajama-style, currency-inspired Acne Studios ensemble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16608066", "title": "BJP cautious over Vedana rally", "text": "PATNA: The state BJP appears to have become hyper cautious while reacting to Vedana rally organized by party's Purnia MP Uday Singh but singing the JD(U) tune - \"opposition-engineered\" protests - on CM's Adhikar Yatra meetings being held in the state.The Sunday's Vedana rally is being touted to be a popular one from local perspective as it is aimed at protesting against the alleged insensitivity of the administration and other aspects of poor governance. Singh, however, maintained that he has no doubt about the integrity of CM Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi.The state BJP, in that situation, is looking at the rally differently. \"The Purnia rally is not being organized under the banner of BJP. There is no official sanction of the party to it. Singh is organizing it under the aegis of a local citizens' committee,\" said state BJP general secretary Mangal Pandey, adding: \"It has been organized to voice concern about some aspects of administration with which people are not happy. By and large, people, in general, are satisfied with the government. If it had not been so, they would not have given such a massive mandate to the NDA government two years back. The 'aam aadmi' is undoubtedly with the state government.\"There is indeed some disconnect between the government and the people at some level and the opposition parties are instigating people to go on rampage, feels BJP, hoping it will soon be overcome. \"We are clear about what is happening, and also about why is it happening,\" said road construction minister and state NDA convener Nand Kishore Yadav , adding: \"People are not involved in the incidents. The opposition is organizing the protests, since they have been routed and marginalized and are nowhere in the race for public esteem and reckoning vis a vis the NDA constituents.\"According to him, no concern has yet been expressed or felt for an emergency joint meeting of the leaders of the two NDA constituents to discuss the situation prevailing in the state. \"No, we don't think there is any need for an emergency meeting. No one has even talked about it,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607031", "title": "Girl child policy draft doles out goodies", "text": "JAIPUR: Free transport to health institutions, scholarships, felicitating families with healthy girl child, a special fund for tertiary care, and much more are in the offing for girl children in the state.In a bid to correct the skewed child sex ratio, the state government recently prepared a draft of the girl child policy, announced by chief minister Ashok Gehlot in May. The draft, prepared after taking suggestions from government departments, civil society and social activists, has made provisions for extending benefits to the girl child and her family.Still in the initial stages, the government has invited more suggestions so as to provide a girl child with an \"enabling environment for survival, protection, participation, growth and development, and a life with dignity and without discrimination.''\"Awards shall be introduced to honour families with healthy girl child up to 3 years and up to 5 years with better cognitive abilities,\" the draft underlines.The policy wants to ensure that girl child education should also be taken up seriously by parents.\"Efforts shall be made to make available a wide range of incentives (including scholarships, transportation) for the girl child to ensure regular school attendance, completion of elementary education and pursuing higher studies,\" the policy states.It further says, \"In recognition of their vulnerability to neglect, the girl child up to the age of five years shall be provided with free transport to a health institution in case of a health-related emergency and treatment at the OPD for major illnesses.\"The draft policy has stressed on plugging all legal loopholes to ensure effective implementation of the Pre-conception Pre-Natal and Diagnostic Techniques Act 1994. It states that \"The emphasis will be on ensuring that legal functionaries are well-informed of the relevant provisions of the laws and apply them to punish the offenders.\"In Rajasthan, the child sex ratio has declined by 26 points from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011. The draft policy advocates focus on tracking and monitoring the girl child's survival and development.\"District level maternal death review mechanism shall be expanded to include infant death reviews. A system of tracking and monitoring at the village and habitation level shall be developed. The database of all children born in the village will be updated at the Village Information Centre, which in turn shall be linked with the medical health and family welfare department. Alongside, birth registration mechanism shall be streamlined to ensure that the child is registered at the institution level, the birth certificate is issued to the mother and child within 48 hours, and linked with the unique identification number and parents' entitlements,\" the draft elaborates.The policy also touches on enhancing asset ownership of women and girls through access to housing schemes and other provisions. The opinion of girls should be sought in consultations on legislation, policy, services and reporting on matters concerning them through audits, internet technology based platforms, and opinion polls.The draft also says that \"To complement the process of social change, laws to safeguard the rights of girls and women need to be enacted and implemented effectively. The existing laws for prohibiting sex selection, child marriages and dowry, and protecting children and women from violence, abuse, exploitation and neglect shall be enforced strictly.\"A separate chapter on addressing gender and gender-based discrimination will be included in all induction trainings of the medical health and family welfare department. Law enforcement professionals will also be sensitized on the PCPNDT Act, the MTP Act, 1971, and other supportive legislation, it says.Besides, the policy also stresses on the need of an adolescent nutrition policy to promote protein and calorie intake along with an adolescent nutrition programme targeting girls in schools as well as dropouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612160", "title": "Ganesh is back in Kovai", "text": "Coimbatore will always remain very close to Ganesh Venkatraman's heart. After all, the former Mr India and the model-turned-actor faced the camera for the first time in namma city. \"It was my introduction scene in my debut vehicle Abhiyum Naanum and it was canned at the Coimbatore airport. It was a special moment and that's precisely the reason, I love coming to the city,\" says Ganesh, who was in Coimbatore recently.Ganesh has been roped in as the brand ambassador of the first Fashion week, which will be held in Coimbatore in November. \"This is the first time something of this scale is happening in Kovai and I am really excited to be part of it. A number of designers and film personalities will take part in the event and it's going to be a star-studded affair,\" he says.In the meantime, Ganesh is also gearing up for a cultural show that's happening for Tamil cinema fans in Toronto. I will be hosting the show along with director Karu Pazhaniappan and a number of film personalities are expected to take part in it. It's going to be a show for Tamil cinema fans by Tamil cinema artists.\"On the film front, the actor is all set to wrap up the shoot of his Tamil-Kannada bilingual, in which he plays Shriya's love interest. \"Though Shriya plays a last generation princess who has been brought up with traditional values, I play a New York return, whose character is poles apart from Shriya's. We got along really well on the sets,\" says Ganesh. His Telugu flick Damarakum with Nagarjuna and Anushka is also set to hit screens next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16608434", "title": "Water theft: KWA warns conniving employees", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala Water Authority (KWA) has decided to convene a meeting of its officials on Thursday (Oct 4) in the wake of reports that many water-meter readers and supervisors in the department were turning a blind eye to water being stolen by influential people.The non-revenue water management wing (NRWM) of the KWA had unearthed 25 cases of major water thefts in the city.And such thefts were found to have been carried out in connivance with the meter readers and supervisors concerned. (The KWA collected an additional Rs 6 lakh from the 25 major offenders in the last two months).At the meeting, top officials are expected to warn employees of the consequences of finding such anomalies in areas under their jurisdiction in the future.\"We found that many hotels in the city had more than one connection. Though a connection is restricted to one for every door number, some people secure more connections by providing fake door numbers,\" an official said. \"Only one of the connections will have a water meter attached to it, and the intake through it would be low. The other connections would be utilized to the maximum,\" he said.The NRWM also found that some consumers drew water from the main KWA pipeline using water pump sets. This helps them draw large quantities of water after paying a nominal charge.The KWA is now using various devices including water flow meters to identify theft and leakage.According to NRWM officials, the department's focus now is on non-domestic consumers as they draw more water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16608876", "title": "Cops recover car used for kidnapping schoolgirl", "text": "FARIDKOT: Police on Saturday recovered the car which was used to kidnap a Faridkot girl from her house on September 24. The vehicle, a Ford Ikon, was found in Moga, around 60km from the place where she was kidnapped. The accused, Nishan Singh, had bought it from a car bazaar in Chandigarh and had changed the number plate of the vehicles before using it for kidnapping.The 15-year-old girl was abducted at gun point by a seven-member gang who also assaulted her parents before fleeing the spot. Student organizations and trader unions had observed a total bandh in Faridkot on Friday, demanding the arrest of the gang. \"The original number of the car is CH03-E-7701 but the accused had changed it to PB05-A-9272,\" said Gurinder Singh Dhillon, Faridkot SSP.The girl, a class-X student of a convent school, was abducted from Dogar Basti area. According to police, Nishan, a resident of Harendra Nagar, and his friends, armed with guns and iron rods, barged into the girl's house and assaulted her parents before fleeing with her. Her father, a businessman, and mother, an LIC employee, were admitted to a hospital after they were manhandled by the kidnappers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16607520", "title": "Youth killed in Ganesh puja row", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rangmatia under Mancheswar area in the city was tense on Saturday following the murder of a youth on Friday night over a dispute during Ganesh idol immersion. Irate mob torched the house of the main accused even as police said they would nab the culprits soon. \"We have started a manhunt to nab the offenders,\" said DCP Nitinjit Singh.Police sources said Ranjan Kumar Behera, office-bearer of a local youth club, was attacked by a rival group with sharp-edged weapons while he was talking to friends near a shop around 6 pm on Friday. The 30-year-old sustained injuries in his stomach, neck and head, said sources. A profusely bleeding Ranjan was taken to Capital Hospital where he died around 11 pm. Sources said Ranjan and his attackers had criminal antecedents.\"Ranjan had enmity with others. They had fought during Ganesh Puja four days ago. The murder is a sequel to the clash ,\" said a police officer at Mancheswar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16607619", "title": "Thank you, but no thank you", "text": "A proposal to compensate the lady-of-the-house for undertaking household chores 24x7 is being considered by the women and child development ministry for the socio-economic empowerment of homemakers. Pretty soon it will be mandatory for men to share a certain percentage of their income with their wives, who keep house for them. It is believed such a move will empower women.But this concept of getting remunerated for keeping house for your man and children is evoking mixed reactions. Granted that theoretically it may look appealing, but practically:(a) How does one calculate what percentage of income is 'good enough' for a homemaker?(b) Does one have to indulge in a job description exercise and then add a price tag to each task such as sweeping, swabbing, cooking, childbearing and rearing, and caring for the entire family?(c) How does one define the working hours?(d) Will she be entitled to bonus, perks, insurance?(e) Pretty soon then, and this may come as no surprise, homemakers too will apply for paid leave to visit their parents' homes or take a sick leave or two.(f) Then again, what about cases such as divorcees, live-in relations, wives of unemployed husbands, and widows, spinsters and young daughters who undertake household chores?(g) In instances where maids are employed, would the homemaker's pay differ?(h) Will the homes where men keep house or assist their wives be overlooked?And many more such issues will crop up, for the 'homemaker' is definitely not a homogenous set which can be bracketed under one head and payment doled out uniformly.Come to think of it, this supposed payment to the wife is nothing but the reallocation of income between the spouses with the percentage being determined by the government.Husbands who hand over their salaries to their wives any which way to run the house will have no issues. But those who don't will be party to an increase in domestic violence as they will compel their wives to return the monies.How on earth will monitoring be carried out? Having a machinery and a mechanism to keep a check of the salary being transferred to the wife and the same being utilized as deemed fit by her is not a viable mission.A more sane solution to empower women would be to re-examine the existing laws, legislations and schemes and seriously take up the challenge of implementing them to the hilt. Enlightening and thereby empowering women is a progressive approach rather than a regressive stance where women will be confined to the four walls of her house, giving her the false illusion that she is getting a salary, which is a mere paltry sum from her husband to do things that are beyond any man's petty calculations.Hence the government is expected to create awareness on a mass scale of the rights and facilities and grants available to women as also providing them with free education, skill development, training and the like, all of which should be persuaded with missionary zeal.Household appliances should be subsidized so that homemakers get access to the same to aid them in chores. Flexi-timing and creches at workplace should become a reality so that more women join the band-wagon of independents.Sorry to say, but this gesture to compensate the selfless lady-of-the-house has good intentions but is nothing short of a naive proposition; for getting a small per cent of her man's income does not elevate her status, on the contrary it would only trigger the commodification and commercialization of a sacred relation.Wouldn't we be enslaving her further? In a patriarchal society such as ours, we are now empowering a man a step further to dictate terms to his better-half as he will now be paying for the 'services'. Sadly, a consecrated legal commitment would now be transformed into a business transaction. Won't we be churning out material gals for a material world while the government beams contentedly, having passed the buck to the man-of-the-house?T he writer is an assistant professor at a Panaji-based college. The views expressed are those of the writer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16607298", "title": "Two wild deer rescued in Keonjhar district", "text": "KEONJHAR: Two wild deer have been rescued from areas of human habitation in Keonjhar district in the last 15 days. While one of the animals was rescued by a villager from a ditch at Bhusugaon, the other one was rescued by forest officials from Sundara Basti village in Barbil town.Though both the animals had gone astray from the Thakurani reserve forest, one of them was released in Soyabali reserve forest on Friday and another in Karrow reserve forest on Wednesday.Locals said owing to rampant mining operations in and around Thakurani reserve forest and shrinkage of green cover, wild animals are coming out the wild and entering nearby human habitations time and again. They are falling prey to stray dogs and sometimes poachers. Locals also raised questions about why the wild deer were not released in their original habitat.Sources said the Thakurani reserve forest covers one of the biggest hills of Keonjhar district. There are about half a dozen mines on the hill. The Thakurani hill is situated on the Jharkhand border. The hill, once rich in flora and fauna, is almost barren now due to rampant mining activities.Mineral mafia are active in these areas and have destroyed huge forest cover in the past ten years. Apart from mines, various firms, wide roads and helipads have also caused huge forest cover loss here.R A Mishra, range officer, Champua forest range, said, \"We have rescued the deer and left them in the forest. Due to mining activities and shrinkage of forest area, the wild animals are coming out of the forest area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16613201", "title": "Cauvery row: Siddaramaiah demands Shettar's resignation", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as Cauvery water was released from KRS dam late on Saturday, opposition leader in legislative assembly Siddaramaiah demanded resignation of chief minister Jagadish Shettar.Holding BJP Government responsible for the troubled situation in the Cauvery basin, Siddaramaiah said the government failed to manage the situation and convince the Supreme Court about the prevailing water crisis in the state. \"BJP, which is immersed in its own internal squabbles, neglected the Cauvery issue, he charged. Because of the government's failure, the people of the state are suffering. Why the Government didn't file a review petition before the apex court?\" he asked while speaking to reporters on Sunday.While one leader demanded Shettar's resignation, another Congress leader, G Parameshwara, KPCC president, expressed unhappiness over chief minister for convening restricting Cauvery issue to only floor leaders. \"Shettar should have called all-meeting meeting for broader views on the issue. The government totally erred on handling this sensitive issue,\" he said.Siddaramaiah said the government failed to give enough materials, facts and figures to legal experts, so Karnataka's counsel Fali S Nariman did not attend the court. Justifying farmers' agitation, he said, if needed Congress would support the agitators. Dismissing government's theory that opposition was supporting the government's decision to release water to Tamil Nadu, Siddaramaiah said \"It was baseless.\"He also flayed the stand taken by former Prime minister and JD(S) supremo H D Deve Gowda, who suggested to the government to release some water to Tamil Nadu. \"Instead of crying, he (Gowda) could have given better legal ideas to the government,\" Siddaramaiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16607734", "title": "Mayor-speaker tiff hit civic activities", "text": "CHENNAI: There was something unusual about the corporation council meet on Wednesday. There was din, and it was not the ruling party quarrelling with the opposition. AIADMK men were fighting it out among themselves. For those who wondered why, the answer came on Saturday, when D Jayakumar resigned as assembly speaker.An ongoing feud between Chennai mayor Saidai S Duraisamy and Jayakumar, party insiders say, partly contributed to the north Chennai strongman's exit from the speaker's chair. When K Santhanam raised issues against the mayor, it was seen as being instigated by Jayakumar and AIADMK legislator Vetrivel, both hailing from north Chennai.Civic body sources say a cold war between Duraisamy and Jayakumar has been on for a few months, affecting civic activities in the northern parts of the city. The first signs of the mayor's indifference to the Royapuram constituency surfaced in March when councillors complained that Zone 5 was allotted the least funds in the corporation budget. \"While he allotted 135 crore for extended areas like Ambattur and Sholinganallur, Royapuram was given only 9 crore,\" said a councillor. This was even lower than the sum given to Anna Nagar and Mogappair.The mayor, however, rubbished the allegations. \"These decisions are based on officials' recommendations and a zone's requirements,\" he said. Garbage clearing in the northern parts was badly affected due to the ego clash. \"This has led to the councillors having to choose between the mayor's group and the speaker's camp,\" said a source. \"With the mayor often coordinating directly with engineers at the zone and ward level, officers do not respect the councillors anymore. In north Chennai, if a councillor suggests a few names for recruitment as temporary conservancy staff or takes up a public grievance to him, the officers ignore him because they think the mayor is against him. Due to this, getting adequate temporary staff for daily garbage clearance has been tough,\" he said.Adding to the problem were delays in awarding tenders for many projects in north Chennai, such as the mega city development mission, bus shelters and road works. \"Even if there was a genuine reason for delay, people blamed it on the officers not working hard enough,\" said a councillor. The opening of parks and other public functions in north Chennai also often got delayed because the protocol demanded the presence of the mayor as also legislators from the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16606853", "title": "Jams at Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway set to return on Monday", "text": "GURGAON: If Saturday was any indication, Monday will be chaos as usual at the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway. A day after tolling was resumed, commuters spent at least five minutes passing through the toll plaza on a weekend as the concessionaire appeared as ill-prepared as ever to manage the exit points despite assurances on Friday.In fact, nothing had changed from Friday when 2km-long queues built up in half an hour of tolling. There were very few marshals at the toll plaza to manage the vehicular flow. Traffic police were missing in action. Even on a weekend, there were about 100m-long queues at the temporary toll booths.Lane separators were not in place either, leading to commuters bunching up in the enclosed split lanes.Commercial vehicles were also seen violating dedicated lanes. Four lanes on each side have been allotted for heavy vehicles, but many of them drove into the lanes meant for personal vehicles. The Udyog Vihar link road to the expressway wore a deserted look on Saturday with very few vehicles going towards the business district.The concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), has done little to implement the latest plan to de-congest the 32-lane toll plaza. The seven-lane split plaza configuration on Gurgaon to Delhi side is particularly mismanaged. The poorly trained staff was able to process just 3-4 cars a minute on these lanes. Each of these seven lanes has a temporary booth with two marshals, one collecting cash and the other issuing toll tickets.DGSCL, however, claimed that efforts were on to smoothen the traffic flow at the 32-lane toll plaza. \"We have deployed more people to manage additional toll booths, besides putting additional barricades and lane separators to prevent lane jumping near the toll plaza. Signage has been put up and announcements are being made through a public address system,\" said a spokesperson.The concessionaire said it had written to the traffic police seeking deployment of cops to challan lane violators and cash users who enter tag lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16607263", "title": "38% smokers unaware of tobacco risk to their heart", "text": "LUCKNOW: It seems that the statutory warning on every cigarette packet fails to melt the heart of its user. But now, smokers need to wake up for the cause of their own heart. The well known fact that smoking causes cardiovascular diseases has been proved scientifically.The fact has been documented in a report titled 'Cardiovascular harms from tobacco use and second-hand smoke', commissioned by the World Heart Federation and authored by the International Tobacco Control Project in collaboration with the WHO, which came out in April 2012. The report showed that India and China, with over 40% of the world's tobacco users, account for two million of the over five million worldwide deaths caused by tobacco use.\"But the level of knowledge regarding the dangers of tobacco use as well as second-hand smoke in both countries is alarmingly low,\" the report says. Data reveals that nearly 38% smokers in India are unaware that tobacco use causes heart attacks and one in two Indian smokers don't know that smoking causes stroke. Most of the people associate smoking to lung diseases and cancers. But, the fact is that smoking poses higher risk to the heart.\"We need to wake up to the threat of cardiovascular diseases which are having a devastating impact on health, growth and development of the country,\"Prof K Srinath Reddy, president elect of the World Heart Federation said that the challenge is bigger in UP where 34% adults (age group 15 and above) currently use some form of tobacco (cigarettes -2.3% and Bidi -12.4%). \"Every year, tobacco kills one million people in India. Heart disease caused by it accounts for the highest number of deaths (29%),\" he informed.Cardiologists in the state affiliated to the Cardiological society of India, informed that over 4,500 lifesaving angioplasty procedures and almost 2000 lifesaving pacemaker implantations have been performed in 2011-2012 in the state of UP. The number of these procedures has increased by almost 30% over the last year. Organising secretary, Dr Rishi Sethi said that majority of these persons had a history of smoking.While informing about the upsurge and treatment of coronary artery disease ,Dr Nakul Sinha, chief interventional cardiologist, Sahara Hospital, said, \"In India, coronary artery diseases carry a greater propensity to strike younger people and have more disastrous consequences for the loss of work output occurring due to disability conferred by diabetes and high blood pressure , being common accompaniments which are aggravated by an unhealthy diet and sedentary lifestyle.\" He was taking to reporters on the occasion of world heart day.The hospital organised a walkathon, which started from Lohia Park and ended at Sahara Shahar, to mark the occasion. Director, Sahara Hospital, Dr HP Kumar said that cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the world's leading cause of death, killing 17.3 million people every year. CVDs affect Indians almost a decade or two earlier as compared to those from developed countries. At present, CVDs account for 29% of all deaths in the country. With a four-fold increase in CVD prevalence in India in the past four decades, CVDs will be the largest cause of disability and death in India by 2020.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608319", "title": "New terminal to miss Puja date as airlines refuse to move in", "text": "KOLKATA: If you hoped to fly for your Puja vacation from the glitzy new terminal at Kolkata, be prepared to be disappointed. It's unlikely to be ready before the year-end because airlines have refused to move until the aerobridges are in place.The recent honeybee invasions at parking bays in front of the new terminal may have played a role in the airlines' insistences on aerobridges. The Airports Authority of India (AAI) was keen to inaugurate the terminal on the eve of Puja by getting at least one carrier to begin operations, but it looks like the wait may stretch to early next year.The Airlines Operators' Committee (AOC) \u2014 a forum of domestic and foreign carriers that have operations in Kolkata \u2014 has informed airport director B P Sharma and other senior officials that they won't move before the aerobridges are ready.Aerobridges are a vital component of any modern airport system bec-ause they cut down boarding/alighting time, saving costs, and protect passengers from the elements and unexpected incidents like bee attacks.\"The very idea of starting operations without aerobridges is preposterous. Kolkata airport is AAI's most prestigious project and it has repeatedly promised that the new terminal will be a world-class facility. If they throw open the airport without aerobridges, it will become the butt of ridicule,\" AOC chairman (Kolkata airport) Sarvesh Gupta said.Airlines officials also felt that if they gave in to the persistent requests of AAI and moved into the \"unfinished terminal\", there was no telling when the aerobridges would finally be installed. \"Given Bengal's poor work culture and the inability to stick to any project deadline, we want to keep AAI under pressure to finish the remaining work qui-ckly and open the airport when it is completely rea-dy,\" an airline official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16608833", "title": "Youth festival held at Anand Vihar", "text": "BHOPAL: Various competitions were organized during the three-day youth festival organised at Anand Vihar College of Women here. Organisers said that the main events included poster making, cartooning, solo singing, group dance, extempore and others. A speech competition was organised on 'Regionalism is dangerous to the nationality'. In the singing competition, students performed various bollywood numbers.Guest lecture: People's Institute of Management and Research, People's University, has organized a guest lecture on 'Entrepreneurial leadership' by Jon Sween President and Glenn Reph, CEO of International School of Entrepreneurial Leadership (ISOEL), USA. During his address, Jon gave a brief introduction about ISOEL. He also shared in brief the structure of the program which they have run at Indore in one of the business schools.SCOPE college: An orientation programme for newly admitted students of SCOPE College of engineering, Bhopal was held at its campus. In the inaugural speech principal, Dr D S Raghav, welcome all the newly admitted students. He also shared his personal experience he had in the past with the students. Chief guest, former general manager BHEL Bhopal, M K Shakya, spoke about the need to learn engineering skills as well as to acquire managerial skills for success.Lecture at IEHE: Director, Vision Advisory Services Pvt. Ltd, Pradeep Karambelkar, delivered a lecture on 'Careers in financial marketing' at the Institute for Excellence in Higher Education (IEHE). Students attended the lecture with great interest and enthusiasm. The lecture was arranged for the B Com and M Com students to make them aware of the different and new opportunities available in the financial sector. While explaining to the students, Karambelkar, said, \"Traditional courses like B Com, M Com, CA, CS etc are still one of the preferred courses among the students.\"Rajbhasaha Samiti MANIT: To promote the use of Hindi language among technical students, the Hindi Rajbhasha Samiti, MANIT, organized various intra college events. The events included extempore, short poem recitation and general knowledge quiz where students from all branches participated enthusiastically. The extempore topics included social issues including female foeticide, FDI in retail, global warming and others which was followed by short poem recitation where students were given 8 options to write on various topics.Robotics workshop: IIT- Delhi and Robosepiens India will organise a zonal level two-day Robotics workshop-cum-competition from October 5 at People's College of Research and Technology. The workshop will groom the students in the field of Robotics. In the workshop, knowledge of different kinds of robot making will be provided. Training session will be followed by a robot competition. Winner of the competition will be given entry for the TRYST 2013 which will be held in IIT Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagoya (japan)", "code": "16613733", "title": "Jeev Milkha Singh finishes tied 17th, Korean Hyun wins Tokai Classic", "text": "NAGOYA (Japan): Indian golfer Jeev Milkha Singh played a steady even-par 72 on the final day to finish tied 17th at the 120 million Yen Coca-Cola Tokai Classic at the Miyoshi Country Club's 7,315-yard West Course.Jeev, who has played three weeks in a row in Japan, struck birdies on the second and seventh and his bogeys came on the fourth and 16th. He had rounds of 75, 72, 71 and 72 and totalled two-over 290.Meanwhile, overnight leader Korean Hyun-Woo Ryu won his maiden title on the Japan Golf Tour with a playoff victory over Shingo Katayama. The 31-year-old Ryu is playing in his rookie year in Japan.The Korean survived a triple-bogey six at the 190-yard 16th hole and then played two pars to ensure he would get into a sudden-death play-off in which he beat Katayama (66), who made up a five-shot deficit in the final round.Kyung Tae Kim (71) finished alone in third position at five-under 283.A final round 68 saw Japanese favourite Ryo Ishikawa climb into a share of sixth spot on 286 while Money List leader Hiroyuki Fujita ended 24th on 291. The next event on the Japan Golf Tour is the Canon Open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608655", "title": "Residents clash with builders again", "text": "BANGALORE: Chaos prevailed at the Diamond District complex on Old Airport Road on Saturday over maintenance charge demanded by Century Galaxy Developers Ltd (CGDL) which was over and above the amount they'd paid as lifetime fee.\"The promoters had promised to maintain the property with the one-time deposit collected from buyers, but today they are demanding an unjustified maintenance charge again. Even the annual audited accounts do not justify such a demand,\" said Raja Nambiar, president, Diamond District Apartment Owners Welfare Association (DDAOWA).At the annual general body meeting, members virtually came to blows with the developers. Residents alleged that despite numerous requests to the builders to register the flats and give sale deeds to individual owners, builders have told the court they haven't sold flats to purchasers. \"By claiming so, builders are clearly violating the condition on which land was given to them. Moreover, since we're not being given the legal rights of ownership, we end up paying property tax to BBMP twice the rate charged to owners as we are considered tenants,\" said Raja.\"We were misled to believe that apartments were being sold to us, but after paying about two-third the purchase price, we were told we would be shareholders in the company, not owners of flats. This was to avoid payment of stamp duty to the government,\" said another resident Robin D'Cruz.Ziaullah Sheriff, chairman, CGDL, who was present at the meeting said the company has done everything according to law and never kept residents in the dark. \"While taking money for the flats, buyers were informed they would be shareholders and not owners. The scheme is in order and developers have not changed it. Since there are a couple of issues like registration of apartments in name of shareholders, currently we're discussing it legal experts. As for maintenance charges, we'll sort it out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16608771", "title": "Rising crime fuelling insecurity among women: Haryana CPM", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana CPM has expressed serious concern over the spurt in crime, alleging that the deteriorating law and order has instilled a sense of insecurity, especially among women.The party state secretary, Inderjit Singh, alleged that while the state is gripped by crime, the state government continues to be totally insensitive to the situation.Terming the cases of gang rape at Dabra in Hisar, Pillu Khera in Jind and Gohana in Sonipat as most disturbing, he said that women, particularly dalit, have become soft targets of criminal elements.He expressed astonishment at Haryana chief minister's statement that spurt in crime figures was due to increase in registration of cases by police.He said the party has decided to launch a mass campaign against the deteriorating law and order situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16608579", "title": "Hundreds Run for Fun flagged off by Olympian Vikas Gowda", "text": "MYSORE: Hundreds of people, including students, participated in 'Run for Fun' jointly organized by Vidya Vikas Educational Trust and Mysore Athletics Club at Vidyanagar here on Saturday.Olympian Vikas Gowda flagged off the run. Shive Gowda, father of Vikas Gowda, spoke about the inspiration that he drew from Kenneth Powell, one of the fastest sprinters. He said that during his school days, he and his friend witnessed Powell sprint at the Oval Grounds, and got inspired by him. In 1964, he took athletics as a profession.He called upon the youngsters to get inspired by Swami Vivekananda, Mahatma Gandhi and Anna Hazare and scale heights. Giving a contrast on how Indian and foreign media prioritize sports, Shive Gowda said 'Washington Post' had published their news under the head 'Gowda enters finals' during the London Olympics. \"But politics and crime are given importance in our country,\" he rued.Speaking on the occasion, Vikas Gowda thanked Mysoreans for supporting him. Vidya Vikas Educational Trust and Mysore Athletics Club felicitated and presented Rs 1 lakh to him. Students from different institutions of Mysore and its neighboring districts took part in the event. The winners were awarded with cash, medals and certificates.!THE WINNERS !College: 4km run (men): Yellappa (PG Sports Council, Mysore), K S Rajesh (Bharti College, Mandya), and Sunil Kumar (KR Pet); Girls: Shraddha Rani, Poornima, Priyanka (all from Teresian College); High school (2km run) Boys: B Pourush (Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan), Mahendra Kumar (Sadvidya High School), Nandakumar (Sri Venkateshwara High School); Girls: Ashwini (Byraveshwara High School), Harshita (Kannika Cauvery High School), and Vinutha (Byraveshwara High School).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16611547", "title": "Skeleton act on India's Got Talent!", "text": "This week on India's Got Talent, viewers will witness some interesting acts. Selecting from a pool of talent, will be delighted to see the skeleton act!Yes, that's right! A group of young enthusiasts will perform in front of judges Kirron Kher, Karan Johar and Malaika Arora Khan who will perform a co-ordinated act of UV lights. Using technology as their prop, the skeleton group will dress up in creative costume designs to weave a beautiful story.The thrill sets in as this group is set to light the stage! If you think you've got the talent too, what are you waiting for?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16607697", "title": "'Bengali connection in goldsmith's murder'", "text": "MAPUSA: Mapusa police have dispatched a team to Pune in search of the culprits involved in the gruesome murder of a goldsmith, Ratnakar Raikar, and robbery of gold at his shop in Mapusa.Sources informed TOI that goldsmiths are also helping the police in the investigations to trace the accused. The police are focusing on Bengali goldsmiths, sources said.The case's probe has been heading in different directions as police are collecting, compiling and analyzing information on a day-to-day basis. On the basis of the revelations of day-to-day findings, police are heading their investigation in that direction.Based on the statements and clues gathered, the trail has now led the cops to Pune.A police team led by PI Tushar Vernekar has left for Pune in search of the suspects, sources added.Mapusa police have spent almost a fortnight scrutinizing and recording the statements of over 200 people.The police's prime suspects are Bengali goldsmiths and they are investigating in that direction. Police have also interrogated and recorded the statements of the Bengali jewellers from Bardez taluka. Sources said that at the murder scene, police found small gold particles in the weighing machine at the shop.These are called 'kimaya' in a jeweller's jargon.When Bengali goldsmiths buy gold from jewellery shops and if they face a shortage of money they exchange 'kimaya' to buy the gold.Such kind of trading is done only by Bengali jewellers, police were informed by their sources.Police have also received information that a couple with a child had visited Raikar's shop some hours before the incident.Police also have information that the accused had travelled on the Panaji-Valpoi route by a private bus.Police have identified the suspected bus, obtained fingerprints and recorded the statements of the bus driver and conductor.Police sources further said that they are taking help from the Mumbai crime branch who has also got in touch with goldsmiths from Goa, who are helping police.Police have obtained a list of phone calls received by Raikar, eight days before and on the day of the murder but have not got any clues.Primary investigations have revealed that Raikar's shop was visited by a Bengali gold artist, who does carving on gold ornaments and studs them with pearls and precious stones, for the preparation of designer jewellery.He has been missing since the murder and police have located him in Kolkata. He will be called by police for interrogation, officials said.Sources informed TOI that on Thursday night, all DySPs and PIs from North Goa held a meeting at the Mapusa DySP's office.Various tips and plans were discussed to help the investigation. The police have released a sketch of one of the suspects involved in the murder case and one of the prominent features of the suspect is a black mole on his left cheek.After the release of the sketch, goldsmiths from Sanquelim got in touch with the police and informed them that the sketch matches to the Bengali gold artist who was in touch with Raikar.So far, there is no specific headway in the case and police are investigating all angles based on the clues.\"We are investigating all aspects, we are in touch with our informers,\" a senior police officer said.\"Police are not leaving a single stone unturned. We are inching closer to nab the murderer,\" the officer added.Ratnakar Raikar, a goldsmith, was stabbed to death and gold ornaments weighing 3kg, worth 90 lakh was stolen from his shop at Koskar building, Taliwada, Mapusa on September 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16608127", "title": "Tributes to Red Eagle Division on 74th anniversary", "text": "ALLAHABAD: It is a proud day for the Indian Army as well as the nation as its oldest fighting formation, the 4 RAPID (Strike) division also known as the Red Eagle Division celebrates its 74th anniversary and steps into the year of Platinum Glory. The celebrations started with remembering the brave predecessors of the division at the War Memorial, who have made the supreme sacrifice for the nation. General Officer Commanding (GOC) of the division, Major General GS Chandel, Yudh Seva Medal, laid wreath at the memorial and paid homage to the brave soldiers of the division in presence of Officers, Junior Commissioned Officers (JCOs) and jawans.Group Captain Amit Mahajan PRO Defence, Allahabad said the ceremony was followed by a 'sainik sammelan' in which Maj Gen Chandel spoke about the division and its exploits right from the time of Second World War to its operations in the recent times. He highlighted the devotion to duty and sacrifice of each soldier that has taken the division to a pinnacle in the annals of military history.A brief comparison of the times gone by, the present and the times to come was analysed by the GOC during his address. He enlightened the gathering on tackling the important personal and professional events in life requiring a thoughtful solution. He promised the division will be prepared for any eventuality threatening the unity, integrity and sovereignty of the nation. After the brief address, the GOC took the opportunity to felicitate the jawans who have shown exemplary dedication. The event culminated with a high tea in which the GOC interacted informally with the officers, JCOs and jawans. Celebration of the Red Eagle division as it steps into its 75{+t}{+h} year was very well organised and coordinated, as can be expected from the oldest division of Indian Army. There was an air of unity and bonding throughout the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "16607041", "title": "Focus back on midfield for Federation Cup final", "text": "SILIGURI: Sunday's Federation Cup final clash between Dempo SC and East Bengal throws up a contest in which focus will be on two vastly efficient midfields running on steam in search for glory. When the Penn Orjis and Mehtab Hossains will face the Clifford Mirandas and Anthony Perreiras, they will try to outclass and outpace each other.Trevor Morgan guided the team well through Group C and the semifinal but the examination of their nerve and nous now intensifies, because they will miss both regular centre-backs Uga Okpara and Gurwinder Singh through suspension. Their replacements Raju Gaikwad and Arnab Mondal, who, by Morgan's own admission, had their \"worst 45 minutes\" against Kalighat MS in the final group match before emerging 4-3 winners, will again be brought under scrutiny by Dempo's attacking line of Joaquim Abranches and Koko Sakibo.Japanese Ryuiji Sueoka is still indisposed and Dempo will take a late call on his availability. But Armando Colaco is happy with the indigenous resources at his disposal. A 'desi' Dempo were clinical in winning the second semifinal 2-0 against Salgaocar, confirming their status as a team for big occasions.With teams looking for an early breakthrough, Morgan may find in Edeh Chidi, who has already scored four goals, his man for salvation. The Nigerian's growing reputation as a big-stage performer --- he scored in Salgaocar's 3-1 win over East Bengal in last year's final - may give Colaco a few moustache-stroking moments.The last time the two sides played in a Federation Cup final was way back in 1996, when golden goal was still in vogue and Raman Vijayan's extra-time strike scripted a memorable 2-1 victory for East Bengal at the choc-a-bloc Salt Lake Stadium. Colaco was a technical director of Churchill Brothers at that time while Morgan had just retired as a professional player and was one year away from beginning his coaching career, at Sorrento FC in Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16608095", "title": "New missionaries from 'Youngistan'", "text": "PATNA: 'Youngistan' is more than a misty-eyed idea on Facebook. It may have been coined by a corporate entity to attract the flippant, flighty, and flaunting, but 'Youngistan' is an idea that files over narrow boundaries of caste, class, and regional affiliation. That's what a hard-core Marathi manoos, currently backpacking in the backwoods of Bihar believes, as he interacts with other youngsters, grasping the nuances of homespun Bhojpuri.An IIM-Ahmedabad (IIM-A) topper from Bihar was giving a talk to business management students in a small town in Maharashtra. The theme was social entrepreneurship. In the audience was a young man from Jalgaon town, the home of one of the largest drip irrigation system plants in the world. While still in high school, this youngster had started his own milk vending business which had brought comfortable returns. Now he sat, mesmerized. He had his eureka moment.\"Suddenly, I got the answer. This is what I really wanted to do. Not just business. But to do business in such a way that it benefits the people who are on the margins. To empower them, make them economically stable, and in the process, earn profits through development,\" says Sagar Patil, who had sat at that lecture, \"It was amazing to see this IIM-A topper from Ahmedabad, one of my role models with such a clear vision, and that he was already doing this amazing work of marketing vegetables and turning the lives of farmers and vegetable vendors around.\"The inspiration was Kaushlendra, the lad from Nalanda who aims to make vegetables the new brand of Bihar. \"After topping IIM-A, he did extensive field work - meeting farmers and studying cultivation techniques - before he started the project,\" explains Patil, who has come down to West Champaran in Bihar to work out ways to involve the villagers in the 18 panchayats of Bhitiharwa block in an idea that involves locally produced fibres, organic farming, and community-based processing along a cooperative pattern.\"Young people of India unite. That is what 'Youngistan' means to me. Young people are energizing Hindustan, with new techniques and basic Indian values. 'Youngistan' is transmitting of ideas by young people to others of their generation, affirming the principle that the unemployed young man in the village should benefit and share a part of my vision of success. And that's social entrepreneurship ,\" he says.Gyanesh Pandey from Champaran and his young friends set up a gas-based power system that runs on rice husk, in 2007, literally bringing the village dwellers of Tamkuha from darkness to light. Today, 80 micro-power units are working well, lighting up 32,000 households, providing livelihood from husk, a waste product.\"We can call them the missionaries of the new wave,\" said a pensive civil servant, \"So many years ago, you had the missionaries going up the jungle with the lamp of education and the balm of basic health care. These have the same fire and their goal is not much different. The Church and the NGOs have shifted from a 'donation' based to a 'rights'-based strategy. But when these youngsters come in with strategies based on business models, that's when the friction starts. Some established NGOs view these youngsters as threats. And left-leaning people don't want their farmers to become entrepreneurs, or it will upset their ideological applecart.\"Who are these missionaries of 'Youngistan'? There's Chandan Singh, an environmental engineer and amateur wildlife photographer who has been harping on the concept of carbon credits long before the term became fashionable. He's an avid wildlife and conservation enthusiast and has volunteered in projects that knit local communities in harmony with the forest, through devising various low-cost biogas plants and other equipment.There's Irfan Khan who reinvented the rickshaw with his 'Samman Project'. There's Nitish Chandra who's working on rejuvenating the regional film industry. There's Prashant, a filmmaker and communicator who's high on a web dream called 'Bihar Days'.\"The list is long. I tell you. There are going to be several hundred young people who will contribute to development in their own way. Using Facebook, Blackberry , Internet and also the tools of the farmer and the mason. But what we need desperately is for our elders to have faith in us, and for the government departments to change their style of working,\" says Patil.Rural banks, district and block administration, and local panchayats in Bihar need to be synchronized and develop a work ethic, says the researcher from Jalgaon. \"That's the kind of support one needs. I read about Kaushlendra's harassment because of red tape. Can you imagine what a shock it was to read that a local bank branch took three months to clear a cheque of Rs 20,000 in Bihar?\"The future belongs to the young, they say. Happily, for those who are reached by the new missionaries of Youngistan, that future's starting now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607957", "title": "Mayor builds pvt office using library funds", "text": "NAGPUR: Mayor Anil Sole's clean image is set to take a hit. He got his PR office with money from his own fund sanctioned in the name of renovation of a public library. Not just that, NMC Dharampeth Zone officials completed the work without even preparing an estimate or calling quotations. In the process he has effectively grabbed a public building for private use.Late Nanaji Shastri Vachnalaya is situated in front of Dharampeth Junior College on North Ambazari road, Khare Town, in Sole's Shankar Nagar-Deekshabhoomi Ward No 52. The library was inaugurated in 1979 and was lying abandoned since many years. Now, it has painted walls and doors. A new compound wall has been constructed between library and an encroached quarter adjacent to NMC's cattle pond. It has two open halls, of which one has newspapers stands while other one has been converted into a new office. A signboard there reads \"Public Contact Office of Prof Anil M. Sole\". There is no mention about him being a mayor or corporator and the background is in BJP's saffron and green colours. It mentions timings as 7.30 am to 9.30 am.Former corporator Baba Maind, whose wife Vishakha is now corporator from same ward, got Rs 2.50 lakh sanctioned in 2011 for renovation and reopening of library. The then mayor Archana Dehankar sanctioned the money from Mayor's Fund. Engineers from Dharampeth Zone completed the works and opened portion of the library where people can read newspapers a couple of months ago. Interestingly not one rupee was spent on procuring books and the library has no book. Sole sanctioned another Rs 50,000 for further renovation of library.With the old and new funds, office for Sole was constructed with a table, an executive chair and 10-15 ordinary chairs for visitors, carpet etc. Now, the work to renovate the toilet is going on.NMC Dharampeth Zone's sectional engineer DD Mendhulkar told TOI he was not aware of any board put up by Sole. \"Office has been made for Sole. Funds were sanctioned for renovation of library and not office,\" he admitted. Mendhulkar also said work was completed without preparing an estimate or calling quotation which should have been done first. Assistant commissioner Mahesh Moroney said he was not aware of any such office being built. \"Construction of public contact office of corporator or any office bearer is not allowed in public library. I will look into the matter,\" he said.Sole confirmed office was built for him but said it should be \"seen in right perspective\". \"I am not aware of any board being put up and will have it removed. Idea was to have a place where officials concerned with wards and corporators may hear grievances of citizens. I am planning to introduce ward office concept. Some enthusiastic activist might have put up the board,\" he said. He did not explain why the funds were sanctioned in the name of library.Sole seems to have a fondness for nice offices, especially those built with public funds. TOI had exposed how NMC got his office renovated by spending about Rs 5 lakh without tendering when he took charge as mayor. The bill for said works were held back but later sanctioned by the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16615108", "title": "Gangwar to promote UP industry in Japan", "text": "LUCKNOW: Within a month of finalising the new infrastructure and industrial policy of the state, the industries department of the state government has taken up a concerted publicity drive to attract investment to Uttar Pradesh.After the industries department deputed Kaushal Raj Sharma, special secretary in the department, to undertake a trip to Kerala, minister of small scale industries and export promotion, Bhagwati Sharan Gangwar will, himself, undertake a 3-day visit to Kobe, Japan, to participate in the annual India Mela.Gangwar will be accompanied by senior officials of the state government--principal secretary SSI and export promotion, Mukul Singhal, director Industries, Sitaram Meena and joint commissioner export promotion bureau, K P Mishra. Managing director of Mia Dastakar Zariwale, Mansoor Nadeem Lari will represent the industry as team leader at the trade and exporters event in Japan being held from October 6 to 10, 2012.Setting up a dedicated UP product zone with 16 stalls, the state government, through its Export Promotion Beurau and UP Trade Promotion Authority, will showcase and sell products from all over the state. The India Mela, in its third year of existence, is promoted by the Consulate General of India, Osaka-Kobe Japan and organised by various Indian culture and trade organisations in the Kansai Japan region. The event is an extension of the state's promise to participate in at least two international events anually, in order to promote UP industry. Nearly two lakh people are expected to visit the India Mela every day. The Mela, it is believed, registers the highest number of footfalls to an Indian event, internationally, anywhere in the world.Apart from the India Mela program the official delegation from Uttar Pradesh will also participate in a host of other activities in order to promote exports from UP, attract investments to the state and to develop specialised centres for trade promotion in collaboration with the Japanese partners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16607392", "title": "Financial burden gives a shock to Kerala State Electricity Board", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Top brass of Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) remains clueless even as the board inches towards a financial abyss with banks refusing to extend any more short-term loan to bail the board out.With a poor monsoon leaving all its major hydel projects dry, KSEB will have to spend about Rs 130 crore a month to buy power from other sources, including liquid fuel stations. This amount will treble if the Kerala State Electricity Regulatory Commission rejects KSEB's proposal for more power restrictions and to charge more from domestic users consuming more than 200 units a month.Sources said the additional financial burden would shoot up to Rs 330 crore a month if the commission says no to tariff revision plan, which was cleared by the Kerala government last week.While KSEB buys power for Rs 12 from thermal and other sources, the average cost realisation is only Rs 4.43. The board has clearly informed the commission that it can no more take on additional financial burden.\"KSEB has availed short-term loans and overdrafts to the tune of Rs 2,851 crore during September, 2012. Now financial institutions are reluctant to offer further loans causing default in payment to stakeholders, including power purchase bills. The KSEB owes Rs 322 crore to NTPC alone. Request from field offices to settle staff claims, pay contractors, suppliers, etc., has been kept pending for more than two months. KSEB has been meeting the liabilities by availing short-term loans from Federal Bank (Rs 200 crore), State Bank of Travancore (Rs 100 crore) and the Kerala Power Finance Corporation (Rs 11 crore),\" the board said in its petition.The board is concerned that its dependence on the liquid fuel-based power will cause further drain on its already dried up coffers. Given the storage position in dams, the board will have to restrict generation to 10 MUs per day till northeast monsoon rains lash the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608124", "title": "Sunset for boulevard", "text": "KOLKATA: If you love driving down the Southern Avenue boulevard - the last surviving boulevard in the city - you can't have missed the shrinking greenery and the increasing clutter. If the downhill tumble continues, Kolkata will be left with just another chaotic road, and stories of how motorists once loved taking detours to breathe free on this green tract.But for a brief stretch of Beliaghata CIT Road, all central boulevards have been sacrificed to make way for wider roads. Southern Avenue that runs along the northern edge of Dhakuria Lake in south Kolkata is also being stripped of its aura. Of the 17 islands that once made the 3-km stretch a dream drive, 70% are inaccessible and more than half have been encroached.A survey by TOI revealed the absence of any planning to conserve the green verge between SP Mukherjee Road in the west and Golpark in the east. Though the green islands to the west of Sarat Bose Road look manicured, they are barred off with high railings. Those to the east ate unkempt but you can step in through broken sections in the netted fence.Four islands and a part of a fifth have no maintenance at all. Of the eight islands encroached, three have been completely occupied: one has been transformed into a swimming pool, another a construction site and a third has been turned into a bizarre Sydney Opera-styled public toilet. There's no possibility of the toilet or swimming pool being reconverted into a green patch. Only the construction site opposite Lake Kalibari is temporarily occupied. \"Once the temple is built, in about 18 months, the sheds will be demolished and the boulevard restored. It will be the best maintained island on this stretch,\" temple sebayat Nitai Chandra Basu promised.There is not much hope for the rest. Among the other encroachments are a garbage dump, a KMC office, a second toilet and a dozen forest department offices. Of the nine boulevards that are well-maintained, seven are inaccessible due to high railings and padlocked gates. \"Some of the islands are landscaped and have benches. But we cannot use them as the gates stay locked,\" said local resident Sukhdeb Banerjee. Even the island that KMC had handed to Naba Nalanda school for use as playground has remained locked for over two months, forcing students to do PT indoors.Social forestry employee Gautam Chandra Manna acknowledges that the boulevard was both pretty and accessible when he joined work 30 years ago. \"In the past two decades, there was hardly any upkeep,\" he said, claiming that a renewed effort is on to beautify a section of the boulevard.Ward 87 councilor Tanima Chattarjee argues the islands have been locked to keep off vagabonds. \"The saplings and grass are still very young and we don't want them trampled. Moreover, they have to be formally inaugurated on January 1, the Trinamool Congress foundation day,\" she said.Beyond the Sarat Bose Road intersection, a section of the island has turned into a thicket, camouflaging a park dedicated to scientist Meghnad Saha. A lotus-shaped fountain built three years ago lies defunct and ridden with overgrowth. Another has a rusting iron sculpture by artist Asit Paul.Retired scientist Debjani Ghosh says the neglect by the civic body is deliberate as residents had opposed the construction of an office for Ward 90. \"By encroaching on the boulevard, we are impinging on the rights of future generations,\" she said. On this stretch, too, two boulevards - one maintained by UCO Bank and the other by Ramakrishna Mission Institute of Culture - are cordoned off with railings.\"I wish the government and the civic body involved the people in the beautification drive, making it an inclusive project. Access is very important. You can't beautify sections and lock them up,\" said activist Mudar Patherya.No of islands: 17Encroached: 10Inaccessible: 11.5In a mess: 4.5Well-maintained: 7.5", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "margao/panaji", "code": "16607709", "title": "On Monday, your pao will still be Rs 2.50", "text": "MARGAO/PANAJI: The All Goa Association of Bakers has deferred its October 1 pao price hike to later, following a meeting with chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Saturday.In a statement issued in the evening, association president Agapito Menezes said, \"The chief minister has promised the association to help the traditional bakers to work out some solution.\"All the bakers are hereby requested not to increase the price of pao until further notice.\"Earlier, chief minister Manohar Parrikar requested the traditional bakers to give him details of their costing and told them he would examine whether and how the government could support them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16616998", "title": "Don't resort to cheap gimmicks: Narendra Modi tells Kapil Sibal", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16608064", "title": "Spurt in street crimes due to minimal bike patrolling", "text": "NAGPUR: Question marks are being raised whether the city police are serious about tackling chain-snatching cases or right policy is not being followed to check the spurt in such incidents.A query sought under Right to Information (RTI) Act exposed the shocking fact that the worst-hit Dhantoli police station, which has maximum number of chain-snatching cases, has an elementary bike patrolling plan. Senior police inspector M F Shende said he was too busy to explain the situation.Incidentally, Kalamna, Yashodhara Nagar and Lakadganj police stations, where street crimes are comparatively less, have the most numbers of personnel on bike patrollingSenior police officials do not feel bike patrolling is the only solution to check chain-snatching, but they admit it is a good measure to thwart the attempt of miscreants who are generally on two-wheelers, targeting the prey. The bike-borne Charlie commandos idea was implemented around three years ago to tackle the menace of street crimes. The number of policemen on bike has increased, but so has the cases of chain-snatchings. This has put the purpose of deploying such cops under scanner. The number of armed robberies on roads too has witnessed a spurt in the last couple of years despite the presence of Charlie commandos.There were 175 cases of chain-snatching in city till September 22 while 123 were recorded last year. Dhantoli police station registered the highest number of 24 cases this year, followed by 20 in Rana Pratap Nagar, 15 in Gittikhadan, 11 in Ambazari and nine in Ajni and Lakadganj respectively.Despite the fact that Dhantoli police station is the most affected, the RTI query showed that there are only three Charlie commandos for patrolling.Deputy commissioner of police, zone-IV, Chandra Kishor Mina said there is a shortage of bikes at Dhantoli station. \"We are trying to make up for the lack of bike patrolling by sending additional personnel on foot to keep a vigil in certain sensitive stretches,\" said Mina.A similar disparity was witnessed at Rana Pratap Nagar where the RTI reply showed that only seven Charlie commandos are on duty though 20 cases of chain-snatching were reported till date.In Ambazari police station, there are only six Charlie commandos though there are high incidents of chain-snatching and bag-lifting.There are at least a dozen Charlie commandos on eight bikes patrolling within the limits of Gittikhadan police station. Despite this, there had been 15 cases of chain-snatching in Gittikhadan.Lakadganj police have 28 Charlie commandos. Apart from nine cases of chain-snatchings, there had been incidents of robberies too. There are four Charlie commandos for red-light area Ganga Jamuna, but their role is also under question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "dharamasthala", "code": "16613310", "title": "Reforms in Kannada Sahitya Parishat to wait for special general body meet", "text": "DHARAMASTHALA: Much touted democratic reforms in Kannada Sahitya Parishat will now have to wait for the special annual general meeting of the body that as per the parishat's byelaw has to conducted at Bangalore. Lot of expectations on these reforms coming through at the 96 th annual general meeting held here on Sunday did not materialize as the byelaws do not provide scope for these reforms to be mooted, discussed and voted at this annual forum.The parishat incidentally has set up a byelaw amendment committee to peruse demands of the executive committee, those presented at this as well as previous AGMs and those received in writing from members. The committee, consisting of experts will deliberate on the issues and select resolutions placed before the members at special general body meeting. The resolutions accepted here will be placed before the executive committee for implementation.Reforms mooted include revising life term membership fee from Rs 260 to Rs 500, election to post of taluk units of the parishat, reserving post of vice-president of state unit of the parishat for women, and creating post of assistant/organizing secretary for the parishat. Other demands that have not been addressed in the past 99 years of functioning of the parishat include revising the endowment amount, and increasing periodicity of Kannada Sahitya Sammelans.Incidentally, T S Basavamurthy, member from Chikkanayakanahalli in Tumkur had raised these very issues in writing for consideration at the annual general meeting. Sangamesh Badavadagi,. honourary secretary of the parishat while welcoming the aspiration expressed by the member informed the AGM that process for bringing about change in the byelaws has to be carried out as per the above mentioned process and all such demands will be thoroughly scrutinized.T Thimmesh, and Pradeep Kumar Kalkura, presidents of Bangalore Urban and DK district units of the parishat said these are just among few changes that members have sought in functioning of the parishat. \"Every demand has its pros and cons,\" Pradeep Kumar, who chaired the AGM told TOI adding that byelaw amendment committee is ideal place for these \"aspirations\" of members to be discussed threadbare and fit among them changed as per process explained above.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "tamluk", "code": "16608310", "title": "Dead girl\u2019s parents give minister\u2019s wife \u2018clean chit\u2019 after kangaroo trial", "text": "TAMLUK: The parents of a 16-year-old girl, who was found dead at state water resources minister Soumen Mahapatra's home on September 25, withdrew their police complaint against the minister's wife under \"political pressure\" on Saturday after they were summoned before a kangaroo court and threatened with a social boycott.Police claim Mithu Bera, who worked as a domestic help at the house in Panskura, committed suicide. But her parents accused Sumana Mahapatra, the minister's wife, of torturing and sexually abusing the girl in a complaint filed a couple of days ago at East Midnapore SP Sukesh Jain's office. They also insisted on a probe into Mithu's \"unnatural death\". The minister was away in Nadia the day the girl died. But Sumana, their son and daughter were at home.Since then, however, Khokon Chandra and Saraswati Bera claimed they were under intense pressure to take back the complaint. Saraswati said her husband was tortured, too. \"We have to live here. So, we decided to withdraw the complaint,\" Saraswati told TOI. \"My family members and I were put under pressure. We were physically abused. My husband and my brother-in-law were tortured,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16607854", "title": "Corruption in Gondia ZP solar water pumps", "text": "GONDIA: Senior zilla parishad member of BJP and former vice-president Vijay Shivankar alleged in the general body meeting on Wednesday that chief executive officer (CEO) Yashwant Gedam had not only given contract of Solar Drinking Water Scheme to an unauthorized contractor but also pressured the various panchayat samitis to pay him an advance of Rs94 lakh towards the project for which there was no provision.Gedam had abstained from seven consecutive meetings of the standing committee after allegations of corruption were levelled when the cost of renovation of his residence rose from Rs37 lakh to Rs74 lakh. The ZP members were already in a defiant mood when Shivankar raised the issue of solar pumps and alleged that Gedam had given the contract for this to M/s Sanjiwani Corporation of Nagpur which was not registered in the government's RC list. He also alleged that Gedam also forced the various panchayat samitis, through whom the scheme is to be implemented, to make advance payment to the contractor for which there is no provision.When Shivankar made these allegations against Gedam in his presence, all the BJP members supported him and demanded to lodge a police complaint for corruption. When ZP chairman Netram Katre asked deputy engineer of the mechanical department Angat Sawant to clear the position, he said there was no provision of making advance payment. He said the contract should be given only to those contractors approved by Maharashtra Energy Development Commission (MEDA) and Sanjiwani Corporation does not find a mention in the list.Those who supproted Shiwankar's motion included B.&amp;.ChairmanVijay Rahangdaale,Moreshwar Katre,Pancham Bisen , Laxmi Turkar,,Yogendra Bhagat, ,Fundilal Katre, Babulal Uparade, and Jagadish Bahekar and also insisted for no confidence Motion against C.E.O. In this meeting Moreshwar Katre had worned a peculiar type of Jacket and deplored the attitude of the C.E.O. who according him had attended the meeting for the first time in last six months. However President Netram Katre appealed to the agitated members to cool down and told them that No Confidence motion shall be taken up against the C.E.O. at a proper time and as regards police complaint he said that matter shall be considered after legal opinion .While speaking to media Katre said that you have your self seen the scene and Dr. Gedam said that it was not mandatory for him to attend each and every meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606975", "title": "Nims director gets one-year extension", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Saturday extended the term of the current director of Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) Dr A Dharmarakshak by one year. He had taken charge as director on September 29 last year. Before his elevation to the top post, Dr Dharmarakshak was the head of the cardio thoracic surgery department at Nims.Dr Dharmarakshak at that time was given only a year's term as against the usual three years. Minister for medical education Kondru Murali Mohan told TOI on Saturday that Dharmarakshak had been given a year's extension. For the last month or so, Nims' corridors were abuzz with speculation on who would bag the director's post this time and several department heads were eying the post. However, all the rumours were put to rest on Saturday. Dr Dharmarakshak was in Delhi on Saturday on an official visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16608409", "title": "Air rifles being used to kill green pigeons", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Wildlife authorities have always suspected poachers killing erstwhile game birds, in and around the city, using near-silent air rifles. Now, evidence is at hand. A Sector 16 resident has reported three casualties of the yellow-footed green pigeon (harial) with two birds dead with pellet wounds and a third wounded and rescued with blood oozing from its beak.Dr H S Chawla, who retired from the PGIMER as head of the department of Oral Health Sciences Centre and is a Padma Shri awardee, was horrified to find the third bird in his garden this week. The garden which has peepal trees is frequented by pigeons. In May last, we had two birds that fell down dead in my lawn. The third one that was rescued this week had blood oozing from its beak. I asked the PFA, Chandigarh, to take it away for veterinary care. It seems the birds are being shot somewhere close by and fall down after flying a distance, Dr Chawla told TOI.UT forest and wildlife officials do not dismiss reports of these weapons being used within the city by well-heeled citizens fond of shikar. Pellets and air rifles are easy to purchase. Punjab areas lying to the north-west of the city are frequented by poachers. However, the air rifle being a stealth weapon makes it difficult to identify the culprit. I will inquire into the matter and ask my men to intensify patrolling in Sector 16 to ascertain who is using these weapons, Santosh Kumar, chief wildlife warden, Chandigarh, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607848", "title": "Mecosabagh railway overbridge in badshape", "text": "NAGPUR: The ordeal undergone by motorists using the Mecosabagh railway overbridge (RoB) seems never ending. The approach ramp on either sides of the RoB is in such bad shape that there is little space left for the motorists to drive.Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) had constructed the RoB. The construction work of the 640 meter RoB began in early 2000 and was completed on May 5, 2005. But almost three-fourths of this 640-meter RoB (especially the approach ramp) is in a bad shape. This RoB is an important life line for traffic as it connects west and north Nagpur from Kadbi Chowk to Gondwana Chowk in New Colony, Sadar.Motorists travelling by this route said that no agency has taken responsibility of its maintenance. \"In 2011, NMC carried out some patchwork and filled the potholes with raw debris. But this has failed to be of any help and the problem still persists,\" said Ramesh Gite, a resident of Mecosabagh.At present, the approach ramp on either side of the ROB has lost the tar covering. The uneven surface is becoming a serious threat to the life of motorists. They also face the danger of being hit by speeding heavy vehicles, pointed out a traffic cop deployed at Kadbi Chowk.During rainy season, many accidents involving two-wheelers happen due to skidding. Insufficient street lights and poor road engineering are some of the factors behind it. The protruding stones are hazardous for motorists passing through the RoB during late hours. \"My seniors have approached the concerned authorities asking them to repair this vital road which connects West and North Nagpur,\" the traffic cop added.No divider on RoBThe absence of a divider on the bridge needs to be addressed by the MSRDC, said Michael Joseph, a New Colony resident. \"At least the civic body or the traffic police should erect fibre poles similar to the ones on Gowari flyover in Sitabuldi,\" he said.Though repeated representations have been made to repair the crater-filled ramps, the RoB has seen little improvement since last many years, he added.\"During 2009 assembly elections and also this year's NMC polls, all candidates promised to work on improving the conditions of roads, but repair works are yet to start,\" said Sunita Meshram, a resident of Mecosabagh.Local corporator Raju Thool admitted that the RoB is in a bad shape. Thool said, he is helpless as the RoB doesn't comes under NMC purview. However, state minister Nitin Raut has clarified that the MSRDC had already handed over the responsibility of the upkeep and maintenance of the RoB to the civic body. He has assured to raise the issue with NMC.Despite repeated attempts, NMC's chief engineer A N Shambarkar was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "16608727", "title": "Man dies of suffocation in manhole", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Angry mob jammed the national highway number-73, which connects Haryana to Himachal Pradesh, leading to traffic chaos for more than two hours after a labourer died in a sewerage manhole due to suffocation in a Jagadhari locality town on Saturday.Another worker, who had also entered in the same manhole to check the sewerage system, too is in hospital. Local residents, who jammed the road, said apathy of the administration is responsible for the death of this innocent, as officials hardly pay attention to the haphazard construction work in the locality.Incident took place when a group of workers reached Vichitar Vihar Colony to check the pipes of newly-constructed sewerage in the locality. According to eyewitness, two employees entered the hole, but their condition deteriorated due to suffocation. One of them died on the spot and the other was admitted to a local hospital.The victim has been identified as Sunil Kumar, 35, a resident of Sarsawa village of Uttar Pradesh. He was an employee of a contractor, who was assigned the work of sewerage construction by Haryana public health department (PHD).PHD executive engineer Prem Kumar said the action would be taken against the contractor, who fled from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607658", "title": "Delhi, Dhaka agree to step up border fencing", "text": "NEW DELHI: The porous India-Bangladesh border will soon see greater pace and rigour in fencing, an issue pushed by India to control smuggling and stop illegal migration. The border forces of Bangladesh and India on Saturday completed their five-day meet on border issues, with the former making a commitment to expedite fencing by resolving disputes around the zero line.While Bangladesh refused to accept that there was any illegal migration of its nationals into India, it's positive response on resolving fencing issues quickly is a step towards stopping illegal migration.India shares 4,165-km-long border with Bangladesh, of which fencing for over 3,000 km has been sanctioned. While close to 75% of this work has been completed, disputes between the two countries have arisen over some 180 sites on the border, where fencing needs to be done upto 150 yards of the zero line.These are areas which either have villages or terrestrial obstructions such as water bodies right on the zero line. These are also among those areas that are often used for illegal migration or cattle smuggling.While India had been pushing for it, Bangladesh did not shared the enthusiasm so far.A Border Security Force (BSF) official, who was part of the 22-member delegation that met with the Bangladesh Border Guards (BBG) in Dhaka, said, \"We have agreed for joint inspection and mapping of contentious areas. Bangladesh has expressed commitment to expedite the matter.\"The other success of the meet has been in terms of repatriation of arrested ULFA leader Anup Chetia. Sources said Bangladesh has assured the delegation that it would expedite his repatriation following the due course of law.India's eastern neighbour, however, denied there were any shelters or camps of Indian insurgent groups (IIGs) in its country. India had given a list of suspected IIG shelters in Chittagong. Bangladesh, however, promised it would not allow its territory to be used for terrorist activities against India.Bangladesh also pushed the issue of killing of its nationals on the border by the BSF. BSF, however, denied that unarmed Bangladeshis were harmed in any way stressing that most casualties were of cattle smugglers, who attacked BSF men on being questioned.India, however, assured Bangladesh that these casualties will come down further. \"We have been using non-lethal weapons such as rubber bullets and pump action guns on the border to reduce casualties that have come down sharply in the past few years. But while casualties on the other side have come down, attacks on BSF men have increased.\"India also cornered Bangladesh on the issue of smuggling with empirical evidence showing that India had made marked improvements in preventing smuggling from its territory to that of Bangladesh, while the latter had lagged behind. \"We have made far greater seizures on the border than them,\" said a BSF official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16608223", "title": "Pitrapaksha begins amid tight security", "text": "GAYA: The fortnight-long Pitrapaksha began on Saturday evening. Minister in charge, programme implementation, Shyam Rajak, and urban development minister Prem Kumar jointly inaugurated the most important event of Gaya calendar at a function held outside the world famous Vishnupad Temple.More than 2.5 lakh Hindu devotees from across the country and abroad are likely to offer pindadaan at nearly 50 vedis (altars), including Vishnupad Temple, Falgu, Akshay Vat, Ramshila and Pretshila, for the salvation of their ancestors' souls from the cycle of birth and death.Elaborate security arrangements have been made for the event. According to the Gaya SSP, Vinay Kumar , about 1500 policemen have been deployed in the mela area for the event. About 34 police pickets/barricades have been put up for maintaining law and order during the period. Services of mounted police force, dog squad, anti-sabotage squad and bomb disposal squad have also been requisitioned. The cops have been directed to perform their duty in a pilgrim-friendly manner, the SSP said. Door-frame metal detectors have been installed at sensitive points and monitoring will be done through CCTV cameras. Videographers, too, have been deputed in the crowded areas. Plainclothesmen have also been deputed, the SSP added.The district administration has also set up 14 health camps to take care of the pilgrims. Whereas three of the health camps located at Vishnupad, Gaya station and Gaya College Sports Complex will function round-the-clock, the remaining 11 camps will be open from dawn to dusk. Besides doctors, paramedical staff and ambulance service will remain available to deliver health services to the pilgrims.A coffee-table book on Pitrapaksha has also been brought out on the occasion. The brainchild of Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi, the coffee-table book contains photographs and narratives on four different aspects of Pitrapaksha, Gaya city, rituals and the vedis. A special logo has been prepared for the first time for the event.The ministers promised on behalf of the administration utmost care and hospitality to the pilgrims. They praised the arrangements made by the district administration for the event.Meanwhile, the municipal councillors, led by Gaya mayor Vibha Devi and Zila Parishad chief Nima Kumari registered their protest against their neglect allegedly by the administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607975", "title": "Guru-shisya bond is India's gift to world", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Guru-shisya relationship is India's priceless gift to the world. No other culture has yielded anything akin to it. This can be gauged by the fact that it is being borrowed or explored everywhere, said Swami Brahmavihari Das of Bochasanwasi Shree Akshar Purushottam Swaminarayan Sanstha (BAPS).Delivering the 20th AMA Week lecture, Swami Brahmavihari Das said the guru-shisya relationship was the sublime bond for attaining excellence. He said the relationship had the power to change the world and add value to life and make it worthwhile. \"The guru-shisya relationship is uniquely different. It encompasses in itself the sublime power of transformation,\" he said.\"A guru is father, a guide, a well-wisher of shisya and gives everything to shishya at anytime and every time,\" the swamiji said. \"It is the only relationship that can transcend and take one beyond the earth. Such power sublimation one cannot even dream of.\"The sublime bond has the power to enhance all our relations, the swamiji said. \"There are no relationships which can communicate this power,\" he said. \"In such a relationship the shisya is vested with higher superior knowledge. This is the power of sublimation.\"Narrating some simple rules that govern guru-shisya relations, swamiji said the first rule to gain knowledge was to sit near the guru. To attain spiritual knowledge from the guru, the shisya has to be near the guru both physically and mentally because what the shisya gets is the accumulated wisdom of gurus down the ages. Being near the guru is not just one moment but eternity compressed in that small moment.The second rule is that one must empty oneself of things like ego in order for the mind to absorb and assimilate what the guru teaches. This is because this knowledge is not informational but transformational.The rule three is emphasis on silence. Silence does more than words in transmitting knowledge. It is more about work and less about words. The other cardinal rule in guru-shishya relationship is that there is no give and take. There is no trade off or bargaining. Therefore this relationship focuses only on give and give. Further, guru and shisya don't compete for excellence. Guru seeks to complete the shisya and vice-versa.Another beautiful aspect of the guru-shisya relation is that of being together. In this spirit of sublime relationship there is no touch of jealously. Even if shisya tries to outperform his guru, guru is happy.The other important principle is truth and trust. The guru teaches truth and shisya trusts his guru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608454", "title": "Separate all that rubbish from Monday", "text": "BANGALORE: From tomorrow morning, Bangalore steps into a new era of solid waste management.After residents near the landfills at Mandur and Mavallipura refused to accept the city's garbage, the BBMP was forced to put in place a waste-segregation plan which kicks in on Monday. While citizens, residents' welfare associations and residents of apartments have been crying hoarse that the plan is riddled with holes and the civic agency is not yet ready to execute its good intentions, the BBMP has gone ahead with it anyway.So it's up to us to separate waste and hand it over to pourakarmikas on designated days. Wet waste collected from households will be moved to farmlands in neighbouring districts.The civic body will pay Rs 66 for each tonne of garbage to farmers as composting charge. \"The farmers will give us a consent letter to receive up to 20 tonnes of organic waste per acre. We'll deliver it to them,\" said BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel in a letter to the Organic Farming Mission of Karnataka.The pollution control board has given its permission for this but set certain conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16607172", "title": "Consultant appointed for national highway-24 underpass", "text": "NOIDA: The financial bid for construction of an underpass at the Model Town crossing on NH-24 was finalized on Friday. The underpass will be ready for use by January 2014. The consultant \u2014 DIMS \u2014 appointed by the Noida Authority has been given two months' time to submit the estimate, design and feasibility report of the project.The project aims to streamline traffic movement from Noida to NH-24 via Sector 62 and towards Delhi and Ghaziabad. The technical bid was finalized a week ago on September 21. \"Three companies had been shortlisted for the technical bid at a meeting on September 14. After detailed scrutiny, we have selected DIMS as the consultant. After conducting an intensive survey of the route and studying the density of vehicles, DIMS will submit a Detailed Project Report (DPR),\" said AK Goel, chief maintenance engineer (civil).\"The consultant will present the estimate and the project design complete with loops within the next two months. The underpass will be constructed using the push-back technology so that traffic in the area is least affected,\" said Goel.Once the underpass is completed, vehicles can avoid taking NH-24 to get to Indirapuram, Ghaziabad. Similarly, vehicles coming from Delhi can enter Noida via a loop easing the burden on the national highway. An application for an NOC has been sent to NHAI (National Highways Authority of India) and Ghaziabad Development Authority .At present, the area faces massive traffic snarls, especially during peak hours. Noida Authority, Greater Noida Authority and Ghaziabad Development Authority are working together to make the entire NH-24 signal-free by constructing seven underpasses along the National Highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16608854", "title": "High court asks Centre to get Pakistan court documents on 'freedom fighter' claim", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Centre will use the diplomatic channels to get documents from a Pakistan court which will unravel the mystery behind the murder of a British lady in 1943.Admitting a plea, the Punjab and Haryana high court recently directed the Centre to get a copy of a Gujjaranwala court judgment from Pakistan to find out whether the murder of Captain Miss Heran in Pakistan by Jagant Nath alias Bhola was part of freedom struggle.The petition filed by Jagan Nath alias Bhola claimed that he is a freedom fighter and he had killed Heran in 1943 in Pakistan as part of a plot to target British nationals. Bhola was convicted of murder and robbery and was sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for life by the sessions judge, Gujjaranwala (now in Pakistan), on March 25, 1947.The petitioner was initially lodged in Gujjaranwala central jail but, after Partition, was shifted to Ferozepur central jail on November 4, 1948. Later, he was released on October 28, 1950 on furnishing security in accordance with the Punjab government policy. Considering his 'contribution' to the freedom movement, Bhola was awarded 'Tamarpatra' on August 15, 1972 by the Punjab government. He was recommended by the Punjab government to the Centre for freedom fighters' pension.However, the central government refused to grant him 'Swatantrta Senani Samman Pension'. The Centre's argument to deny the pension was that he had undergone imprisonment for murder and there was no record to relate his imprisonment to freedom movement. A bench of the HC, headed by justice Surya Kant, said, \"The crucial issue is whether the murder of a woman of British origin was committed by Bhola as a result of his perception that Independence could be achieved through violent means or was it a case of just a murder, with or without the motive of robbery, of a hapless woman irrespective of her nationality\".To find out this, the HC has directed the Centre to get the copy of the judgment from Pakistan by using diplomatic channels. HC has set a deadline of six months to complete the entire exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16613669", "title": "United Nations Conference on Biodiversity begins tomorrow in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The United Nations Conference on Biodiversity is set to begin here from Monday amidst tight security arrangements with the meeting of the parties to the Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety (COP MOP 6) scheduled first.COP MOP 6, a five-day meet will conclude on October 5. This will be followed by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP 11) between October 8 and 19 and is expected to see the participation of heads of countries and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .Around 2,000 delegates from more than 150 countries will participate in COP MOP 6, which will discuss and adopt further decisions to ensure the safe transfer, handling and use of living modified organisms (LMOs) resulting from modern biotechnology.It is expected that 'Cities for Life' Summit, a parallel programme during the event, will bring together approximately 300 mayors, governors, high-ranking officials and their representative networks, as well as national governments, international organisations, UN agencies and specialists from across the world.COP MOP 6 will include decisions to advance the implementation of the 10-year Strategic Plan for the Protocol adopted in 2010 and the entry into force of the Nagoya-Kuala Lumpur Supplementary Protocol on Liability and Redress to the Protocol.The Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety was adopted on 29 January, 2000, and entered into force on September 11, 2003.At the COP MOP 6, delegates are expected to discuss issues related to capacity-building, biosafety clearing house, the financial mechanism and resources for the protocol's implementation, risk assessment and management.Socio-economic considerations concerning LMOs, compliance with the protocol's provisions as well as assessment and review of its effectiveness will also be deliberated on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16614433", "title": "Chandigarh Mayor launches anti-rabies vaccine on subsidized rates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City mayor Rajbala Malik launched the anti-rabies vaccine at subsidized rates to the dog bite victims in the city on Friday. The launching program was organised at sector 19-A based civil dispensary.A special program was organised at civil dispensary sector 19-A in this regard, in which dog bite victims have been offered flowers and juice by the Mayor and Commissioner. During the function city Mayor Rajbala Malik said that as per the decision taken in the general house meeting the Municipal Corporation, the authority will provide 80 percent subsidy to the dog bite victims on the vaccination and rest 20 percent vaccination charges will be borne by the victims themselves.Giving information on the occasion, medical officer of health wing of the MC Dr B.K. Salwan said that that the timings of vaccination will be from 8 am to 1 pm during summers and from 9 am to 2 pm during the winter days.Municipal Commissioner Vivek Partap Singh, additional commissioner Sunil Bhatia, Medical Officer of Health Dr BK Salwan, municipal Councillors and other officers of the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation were also present on the occasion. The decision to give vaccination on subsidized rates to the dog bite victims was decided by general house meeting in the month of August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "16608553", "title": "Garbage dump worries SBS Nagar", "text": "SBS NAGAR: With vector-borne diseases starting to grip the city, residents of Housefed Complex in Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar are a worried lot as the garbage dump near the colony has become a breeding ground for mosquitoes.The garbage dump has become a nuisance in the area, complained Babita Shamihok, a homemaker and resident. She said, \"Besides being an eye sore, it is a breeding ground for mosquitoes and flies, especially at this time when vector-borne diseases like malaria and dengue are common.\"Worried about the health of his family, Sanjeev Puri, a businessman and resident, said, \"Foul smell emanates from the garbage dump outside our complex and now even pigs roam around it. The authorities must act tough against violators.\"The municipal commissioner was unavailable for comments but sources in MC claimed that residents of the slum area throw garbage in the dump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16601182", "title": "Bebo and Saif a lovely couple: Vivek", "text": "Saifeena's romance is known to one and all. The couple is ready to tie the nuptial knot and Vivek Oberoi , who has worked with them, wishes Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan a happily married life.Vivek is not sure whether he will be able to grace Saifeena's marriage, but claims them to be a lovely couple. \"I don't know whether I will be attending their marriage, it depends upon many things. But I wish them very best. They are a lovely couple and sweet people. I wish them all the happiness in the world,\" said Vivek.How has his life changed after marriage? \"I am in the happiest phase of my life. I have never been so mentally sorted,\" answered the actor.\"I had promised my wife to take her on honeymoon every month, so took one year's break. Now, I am back and will be doing many films,\" concluded the Oberoi lad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608552", "title": "Doctor in trouble for false alarm", "text": "A 43-year-old doctor who was suspended from Samana civil hospital eight months ago created a scene by calling PCR and claiming that four persons had robbed his house. When police rushed to Jaswinder Singhs house at Hitakari Society in Chandigarh, the doctor was found under heavy influence of liquor. His medical examination confirmed that Singh was drunk. Police also found Singhs unattended elderly mother inside the house. She told police that no robbery had taken place. A DDR was lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16608915", "title": "Financial burden shocks Kerala State Electricity Board, top brass clueless", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Top brass of Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) remains clueless even as the board inches towards a financial abyss with banks refusing to extend any more short-term loan to bail the board out.With a poor monsoon leaving all its major hydel projects dry, KSEB will have to spend about Rs 130 crore a month to buy power from other sources, including liquid fuel stations. This amount will treble if the Kerala State Electricity Regulatory Commission rejects KSEB's proposal for more power restrictions and to charge more from domestic users consuming more than 200 units a month.Sources said the additional financial burden would shoot up to Rs 330 crore a month if the commission says no to tariff revision plan, which was cleared by the Kerala government last week.While KSEB buys power for Rs 12 from thermal and other sources, the average cost realisation is only Rs 4.43. The board has clearly informed the commission that it can no more take on additional financial burden. \"KSEB has availed short-term loans and overdrafts to the tune of Rs 2,851 crore during September, 2012. Now financial institutions are reluctant to offer further loans causing default in payment to stakeholders, including power purchase bills. The KSEB owes Rs 322 crore to NTPC alone, \" the board said in its petition.Requests from field offices to settle staff claims, pay contractors, suppliers, etc, has been kept pending for more than two months. KSEB has been meeting the liabilities by availing short-term loans from Federal Bank (Rs 200 crore), State Bank of Travancore (Rs 100 crore) and the Kerala Power Finance Corporation (Rs 11 crore),\" the board said in its petition.The board is concerned that its dependence on the liquid fuel-based power will cause further drain on its already dried up coffers. Given the storage position in dams, the board will have to restrict generation to 10 MUs per day till northeast monsoon rains lash the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16607301", "title": "5-year-old may have choked to death during oral sex: Doctor", "text": "INDORE: Five-year-old Shivani could have choked to death during 'oral sex,' said doctors who carried out the autopsy.Shivani, an adopted child of Rajesh Sengar and his wife Bebi, was killed by them after months of sexual abuse. As reported on Saturday , her death was known on Wednesday when neighbours noticed Rajesh carrying her body wrapped in polythene.People in Indore demanded death sentence for the couple on Friday.MGM College forensic department head Dr S K Dadu said on Saturday there were several injury marks on the child's body, but these injuries are not the immediate cause of the death.Her wind pipe was blocked causing her death, he said. He did not rule out the possibility of Rajesh forcing Shivani into oral sex, which could have blocked her wind pipe.\"We have taken her vaginal, anal and oral samples for forensic tests to confirm the exact reason of the death,\" Dadu said. Doctors also collected gastric content of the wind pipe and intestine for tests.The forensic report can confirm if the five-year-old died during oral sex, he said.Shivani was one of the four daughters of Param Singh, a resident of Auraiya district in Uttar Pradesh.His cousin Rajesh adopted her as he did not have a child of his own.Shivani was killed following sexual abuse by her foster father for about four months. Police superintendent O P Tripathi said Rajesh was booked for murder, rape and unnatural sex.His wife Bebiwas is charged with criminal conspiracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16606919", "title": "Freedom from free power", "text": "The favourite avocation of many a politician is to loot the treasury and indulge in giveaways, like there is no tomorrow. The favourite tool for doing so is free power. Keshubhai Patel seduces farmers with free power in perpetuity, which will wipe away the handsome gains made by Gujarat through exemplary power sector reforms via the \"Jyotigram\" program; Ashok Gehlot has promised a freeze in power tariffs for five years; YSR's first act after assuming power was to give away power free, thereby wiping off the decade-long gains, made through prudent reforms by Chandrababu Naidu.Mexico, faced with a similar economic circumstance, undertook the first variant of this reform. All tube-wells were metered using smart meters, and farmers are charged 70-80% of the market price for power. In Gujarat, 55% of tube-wells are metered and farmers pay Rs 0.50 to 0.70 per unit vs Rs 6 per unit market rate -- another variant.A r ecent study by World Bank and International Water Management Institute ( IWMI) led by Mohinder Gulati, Tushar Shah and the author takes this to the next level of reform. The argument is simple yet powerful: upto a preset quota (based on current consumption levels or land holding) the farmer pays nothing. Once he crosses it, and for this every connection needs to be metered, they will pay the market rate. If they consume less than the preset quota, the government will hand them cash as an i ncentive.The research exposes the 'vicious cycle' nexus between groundwater and power and shows how to convert it to a virtuous one. Indian agriculture is critically dependent on groundwater irrigation, primarily through electrification of tube-wells. By 2010, tube-well irrigation covered about 35 million hectares. Virtually all agricultural power consumption, comprising 21% of national consumption, is used to extract groundwater. In 2004, 29% of groundwater blocks were in the semi-critical, critical or overexploited categories, and if the current trends continue, 60% of all aquifers in India will be in critical condition by 2025. The alarming condition of groundwater resources is not the only adverse effect of the energy-groundwater nexus: the supply of free or cheap unmetered electricity to agriculture has damaged power utilities' financial performance and severely eroded customer service, infrastructure maintenance and investments required to meet the exploding demand. Sector losses in 2008 were estimated at Rs 27,000 crore per year and cumulative 'real' losses of utilities stand at around Rs 200, 000 crore.Consultations with farmers, power sector staff and state officials in Punjab, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh have converged to a realization that the real game changer would be to deliver subsidy directly to the farmers. Under the proposed scheme, farmers would choose between the old system of limited hours of free supply or the new system of longer, more convenient hours of free but fixed quantity of power supply. The farmer is assured an annual entitlement of electricity in kilowatt-hours linked to the land-holding, groundwater conditions, cropping patterns and other agricultural needs. The proposed scheme has four key elements: First is feeder segregation which quickly improves power supply to the rural consumers to improve the quality of life in villages (household lighting, education, entertainment , small appliance use), and generates opportunities for off-farm and non-farm enterprise. It also allows 'smart' rationing and synchronization of farm power supply with agricultural operations. Feeder segregation would also help make the new scheme optional at feeder level, and increase supply hours on feeders that accept the new scheme.Se cond, land-holding-linked power subsidy entitlement assures an annual entitlement of electricity in kilowatt-hours. Electricity requirement estimates for existing agricultural operations would be prepared and finalized. To gain farmers' trust, the entitlement should be purely \"optional\".Third, smart meters with online readability is a well-established mobile network technology and cost-effective for metering and billing. Meters would enable farmers to control their pump-sets and power use remotely using cell phones. Farmers would receive information on the power feeder supply and on their power consumption and billing. With these farmers would control their own subsidy use and savings.Lastly, incentives for power utility employees are critical for a sustained implementation of the scheme. The team managing the rural feeder would have their incentive linked to technical losses and bill collection. At the district level, incentives would be paid for reducing technical losses, and improving billing and collection. At the corporate level, incentives would include stock options for all employees, divestment of shares to employees, and listing the discoms on a stock exchange. Economics 101 taught us that there is no such thing as a 'free lunch'. It is high time we educated our rapacious politicians and the gullible 'aam-aadmi' that there is no such thing as free power either. The writer is an IAS officer. Views are personal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16608048", "title": "Plans afoot to add Surat and Vadodara to metro grid as well", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Its not only Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar that will be connected via the new metro rail. In the long run, the state government plans to have metro for Vadodara and Surat as well. The concept is to form a multi-modal transport grid that will ensure speedy as well as affordable commuting between major cities in the state. The government had previously announced the setting up of multi-modal affordable transport authority (MATA) which will design a transport grid involving tram way, high speed rail and bus.However as per the present plans, the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar metro will also have one Automatic People Mover System (APM) a driverless cab which will move commuters between specific destinations. A similar system is present at Hong Kong International Airport.The total length of the city metro after all its phases are complete, will be close to 120 kms. In the first phase, the state government has already declared a plan for 76 km. The declared route passes through parts of western and eastern Ahmedabad. This metro train system will be the fastest in the world with an average speed of close to 45 kms per hour.As of now, a provision of Rs 500 crore has been made in the state budget 2012-13 while the funding of the project will be through a low cost debt and state equity.\"The future of transport would be a single ticket travel. What we are planning is integration of regional, metro and the city bus systems. These modes will be inter changeable at common stations at several points in the city. One can plan his or her journey on mobile phones in real time,\" says a senior urban development department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16602124", "title": "EvoTV review: Android-power in your TV", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amkette, the company best known for its floppies in the bronze age of computers, has rolled out a device that it is touting as the 'smart TV box'. The device in question is EvoTV, a small black coloured box that can be connected to your standard TV. It can boost the features of even contemporary LCD and LED TVs in order to make the idiot box more interactive.The hardware EvoTV is powered by Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) and runs on a 1GHz ARM Cortex A9 processor with 512MB RAM and 4GB of internal storage. It features four USB ports, one HDMI port, SD/MMC slot, Ethernet port, A/V jack and SPDIF slot and comes with Wi-Fi compatibility. With these options, you can easily link to a TV, keyboard, mouse, hard disk, broadband connection, which will enhance your TV viewing experience beyond its capabilities. The best part of the Amkette EvoTV is that it supports HD video playback at 1080p due to its in-built codec, thus bringing the HD experience to the standard television.Amkette has included a remote called Evo Touch with the device, which is a bundle of surprise. It has the buttons that every other remote has and also functions as a mouse, mic and motion control device. Users can click the button on the underside of the remote when they want to perform a function, like they would do with a desktop mouse. Due to the in-built mic, users can speak conveniently while hosting video calls on Skype , Google+ Hangouts etc. And it works flawlessly when we sift through the contents on the TV screen.Adding peripheral devices on the EvoTV was a breeze and we encountered no issues when we connected a hard disk, 3G dongle, webcam and wireless keyboard to it. Internet access was also smooth as the device easily detected 3G, Wi-Fi and Ethernet-based connections without much ado.Android power While operating the Android 2.3-powered Amkette EvoTV, we were pleased with the amount of digital content that could be accessed on the wide screen of a television. However, a dampener was the slightly sluggish experience that the device gave us. May be the company could have used more RAM or upgraded the processor to make the experience smoother and more enjoyable.We easily connected to the Google Play store for apps and downloaded a few games and apps to test the worthiness of the EvoTV. All apps performed as expected, though the sluggish response took the fun out of the Angry Birds and motion gaming experience. Along with the marketplace apps, Amkette has its own EvoTV Store, which has more than 500 exclusive apps. The manufacturer is also working on upgrading the operating system of the device.Videos The Mali 400 GPU rendered the graphics well and the viewing experience was enjoyable. Using the Amkette EvoTV, we could watch YouTube videos without any issues and the 1080p movies on our hard drive played smoothly as well. This device also has Adobe Flash support and, thus, opened all websites flawlessly. YouTube has been customised in the EvoTV, so that users can enjoy their favourite TV shows in chronological order.Productivity and fun Now, if you want to write it off as a big-screen entertainment gadget, you would be wrong. The EvoTV supports MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint formats among others, which means that after all the years of wasting time in front of the tube, you can finally perform some actual work while in front of the TV. Along with work, you can remain connected to the world by flipping over to Twitter, Facebook etc any time.Apps Amkette EvoTV has sections where apps can be clubbed together, namely YouTube Viewer, Applications, Web, Media Center, TV Shows and Games. Some of the pre-loaded apps on the device are YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Skype, TuneIn, Saavn, OfficeSuite Pro and many others. Free movie streaming, stock updates, Dropbox access, videos on several topics, banking apps will attract many users as well. Of course, they can access Evo Discover to find more interesting content on the world wide web.The problems Despite its praiseworthy features, the EvoTV is not without its own set of problems. The biggest problem we feel is the absence of an off button, which means that most users will resort to unplugging it. Then they will encounter another frustrating problem, the boot time. The device takes at least 2 minutes to start, which is ironic since Android-powered phones and tablets are relatively quick to boot.The EvoTV heats up very quickly and we found no way to resolve this issue. So the manufacturer has to do something to rectify this issue and soon. The remote lacks a mute button, which is not a big problem, but is still a noticeable omission.Price Last, but not the least, is the price of the Amkette EvoTV, and this may be called the biggest issue. The gadget carries an MRP of Rs 12,995 and is available at approximately Rs 10,000 in the market. This seems a bit hefty to us, as Indian buyers are not known for their loose purse strings and would much rather a pay a far lesser price for the device. A tag of say Rs 7,000 would have been apt in our opinion.The alternative The chief competitor of the EvoTV is the Portronics Limebox, which costs Rs 8,499 in India. This gadget also has the same features and also has built-in vents that solve the problem of heating. Its processor is clocked at 1.2GHz, which puts it slightly ahead of the EvoTV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16608554", "title": "Gunners\u2019 Day turns nostalgic", "text": "LUDHIANA: Tales of valour and nostalgia took over the evening at Defence Officers Institute on Ferozepur Road, near Durga Mata Mandir, as veterans of the artillery regiments gathered with their better half to celebrate the 185th Gunners Day, on Friday.The celebrations, led by retired Major General S S Jawandha, VSM, commemorated the raising of the first artillery unit The Bombay Battery on September 28, 1827. Former gunners from various artillery regiments exchanged notes from past and relived the glorious moments spent in the army while serving the motherland, even as many an eye turned moist with pride and honour.The proud wives, too, shared the emotions of their valiant husbands as they met their old friends. Over 60 retired gunners and their families attended the evening.It was a nostalgic evening replete with myriad emotions. There was laughter and joy for meeting old pals and nostalgia and sorrow for the ones who were missed, said retired Brigadier S S Gill, organizing secretary and Country Homes resident. But, it was the pride of being a gunner that was common among every one present, he added.Though Ludhiana does not have an artillery unit at present, the former officers get together to raise a toast on Gunners Day every year, said Gill.A message to all the veterans and their kin from Lieutenant General Anjan Mukherjee, AVSM, director general of artillery was read out at the gathering. While retired Major Gurdial Singh, 95, a World War II veteran, shared his experiences with others, retired Captain S K Sood, a Model Town resident, was honoured remembering the Sena Medal he received for his participation in the Nathula operation of 1967.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607852", "title": "Indian students see education as gift, say British teachers", "text": "NAGPUR: The visit to India has proved to be a stereotype breaker for a group of 10 teachers from the United Kingdom (UK) who feel India is not a poor country but one that is richer in more ways than one. The group was on an eight-day visit to the city through the Global School Partnerships Programme of the British Council of which Meghe Group of Schools from Nagpur is a part.\"We imagined the classrooms to be a lot duller where students only took in what their teachers told them. We were pleasantly surprised to see the interaction between teachers and students and the bond they shared,\" said June Pritchard, one of the teachers.They also found the aspiration levels of Indian students much higher than the British students. \"The children here treat education as a gift, as a privilege which can change their lives for better. The kind of dreams these children have is really heartening,\" said David Tipping.Discussing the differences in the education system here and in the UK, they said the system here was much more uniform across the country. \"Also, our teaching methods vary. In India, the focus in a class is to give factual details of a topic, whereas in UK we try to make them experience the topic in ways that will make them find out more about it,\" said Pritchard.Commenting on the rote learning system here in India, another teacher Andrew said, \"the effectiveness of a system depends on a variety of factors and conditions. While in UK our focus on practical learning may yield results, in India this system may be bearing more fruits.\" In fact, Pritchard said most of the toppers in UK generally had an Asian background.Another thing these teachers were impressed with was the kind of detailed knowledge the students had about their own culture. \"There is a certain amount of pride about being an Indian in children here. They can go so deep into their cultural theories and are happy to talk about it,\" said Benedict Clarke.\"I will take with me the joy that Indian students have within them. Teaching profession is driven by passion, and it is the same everywhere. We have a lot more in common than we think,\" said Georgina Pitman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607569", "title": "Uttar Pradesh, Bihar migrants clash in Rakhial", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two groups of migrants from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh in Rakhial came to blows on Friday night over the issue of elopement of a youth and a minor girl in the area. Police registered a case of rioting against 20 persons after stone pelting was reported.The tension started after members from both the groups came for a meeting to strike a truce over the issue of elopement. The matter pertained to an 18-year-old youth from Bihar who had allegedly eloped with a minor girl from an Uttar Pradesh family a fortnight ago. This incident caused a discord among both the families and their communities.\"The community members decided to resolve the issue through talk. However, they indulged in altercation instead, resulting in rioting,\" said a Rakhial police official. tnnAccording to Rakhial police officials, a fortnight ago, an 18-year old youth from Bihar eloped with a minor girl from an Uttar Pradesh family. The incident created rift between residents of the Niral ni chali in Rakhial. A meeting was called upon by the community leaders to resolve the issue as many of the families were working together at units around the area.\"The scuffle started after some of the members in the meet alleged each other for the incident that led to group clash. Soon, the members started pelting stones on the opposite group in which at least six persons were injured. After getting the message of rioting, a team of Rakhial police rushed on the spot and controlled the crowd. Ten persons have been rounded up from the spot and have been charged wth the rioting,\" said a Rakhial police official.Officials said that search for the couple has also been initiated after a complaint of abduction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16606997", "title": "Petty probe lands big fish in police net", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A robbery offence has proven to be the undoing of three known felons wanted for far more serious crimes. Police who nabbed the trio had received a complaint from one Majji Vasanta Rao that a bag containing Rs 8.5 lakh had gone missing from his four-wheeler from near Pendurthy's Shankar Netralaya Hospital on September 8.Following investigations, Pendurthy police finally nabbed the trio Sayyed Wasif, Mohd Dawood Khan and Mohd Faheemuddin.The trio is incidentally wanted for graver crimes some in places as far apart as Hyderabad, Tirupathi and Mumbai. Faheemuddin, the prize catch, is an accused in a double murder case in Golconda (2006) and another murder case in Kanchanbagh (2009) while Wasif is allegedly an expert in car thefts and has 12 car theft cases to his name in Mumbai alone. He is also a co-accused in a robbery case in Hyderabad in which the other accused, Dawood Khan, is also a suspect.The city police chief congratulated the cops involved in the investigation for their good work. According to them, the three are quite adept at tracking people who draw large amounts from banks before robbing them at an opportune time. It must be noted that they were using a nicked Scorpio car with the police recovering a sum of Rs 5,00,000 from the accused, along with the vehicle which bore a fake number plate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608489", "title": "Don't fret. Petroleum stocks won't go dry", "text": "BANGALORE: Don't panic about petroleum products going dry in view of the proposed 'no purchase' protest by the Bangalore Petroleum Dealers Association on October 1 and 2.Association chairman Sqn Ldr (retired) GV Bhushan Narang allayed fears of petrol bunks going dry and said dealers will lift petrol and diesel stocks on Sunday and will be available till stocks last.\"We do not expect any shortage till Wednesday afternoon as the stocks are being replenished even on Sunday. We expect that these stocks will last till Wednesday afternoon.It's an appeal on our part that consumers should not resort to panic buying or else it may lead to premature drying of available stocks,\" said T Satish, a dealer.Another dealer stated that petroleum companies will be closed on October 2, a national holiday. \"That means the stock lifting will be suspended only for a day. For that matter we are lifting the stocks on Sunday also in anticipation of Gandhi Jayanti holiday,\" he said. in view of Gandhi jayanthi.The dealers decided to support the call of Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers' decision that a section of petrol pumps across India will refrain from buying petrol and diesel on October 1 and 2, but will continue to sell till stocks last. A couple of months ago, the confederation broke ranks from petrol pump dealers' umbrella organization - .The protest is a bid to draw the government's attention for higher commission. The confederation also decided that petrol pumps will operate on a single shift from October 15 to reduce manpower and electricity costs. Customers will have to plan their purchases accordingly, it stated last Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "16608149", "title": "Limit free speech and protect Islam, Algeria tells world leaders at UN", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: Algeria is proposing an initiative under the auspices of the United Nations that would limit freedom of expression in order to prevent the denigrating of Islam.Algeria's foreign minister Mourad Medelci said a global response is needed following the recent violent demonstrations provoked by a US-produced anti-Islam video.Dozens of world leaders raised the issue of free speech versus denigration of religion at this year's ministerial meeting of the UN General Assembly.Malaysia's foreign minister Anifah Aman told the assembly on Saturday that attacks on Islam shouldn't be protected by freedom of speech laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16608453", "title": "Child's remains dug out over infanticide charge", "text": "MADURAI: The remains of an infant that died four years ago was dug out in Usilampatti in Madurai district on Saturday after the father of the baby who has parted ways with the mother alleged mystery in its death.The man, Rajasekar of Batlagundu in Dindigul district, had sent a petition to the chief minister's cell alleging that his wife and in-laws murdered his girl child barely three days after it was born. However, police said their inquiry with the accused as well as villagers had revealed that the allegations were false. \"The infant fell ill and died after treatment failed. But since the man has lodged a complaint, we dug out the remains of the infant and sent samples for lab test,\" said an investigating officer.Police said Rajasekar, a fitter, was married to Maheswari, daughter of Rathinam of Potlupatti near Usilampatti in 2006. The couple gave birth to a girl child the next year. In 2008, Maheswari gave birth to another girl child. But the infant died three days later and was buried.By the time, the couple had developed differences and frequent quarrels ensued. They obtained a divorce and Rajasekar was also ordered by a local court in Nilakottai to give alimony to Maheswari. However, Rajasekar alleged that there was foul play in the death of his second child and sent a complaint to the chief minister's cell charging that Maheswari and his in-laws had murdered the infant.He also filed a petition in the judicial magistrate court in Nilakottai that ordered the police to investigate the complaint. Subsequently, the police registered a case and took Rajasekar to identify the spot where the infant was buried four years back. In the presence of Usilampatti tahsildar Radhakrishnan and government doctors, police dug out the remains.\"Maheswari was born 16 years after their parents got married. So that family knows the value of children. Their first child was also a female, but Maheswari and her parents are raising the child lovingly. So the allegation of female infanticide by the family is not true,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16608885", "title": "Tiger hides with gunshot wounds found, three held", "text": "BHOPAL: Hides of a tiger and a cub with gunshot wounds were recovered from three persons close to Pench tiger reserve in eastern Madhya Pradesh on Saturday, casting doubt on the slew of measures and enormous money being spent to protect the endangered tiger.This is for the first time in the recent times that the poachers had used guns to kill the big cats in the state, apparently after catching the forest ground duty staffers' napping in the wild. Before this, there had been cases of tiger poaching with poisoning and electrocutions in MP. In early 2009, the much-talked about Panna tiger reserve, which once had 35 tigers, became devoid of big cat population primarily due to poisoning. The gunshot wounds are on the rear side of the hides of the big cat and cub. The three persons, from whom the hides were recovered are residents of Seoni and Chhindwara districts, a top forest department official told TOI.Right now, MP police are not disclosing the names and details of the persons detained. Of the three accused persons, one is associated with the forest department. They were picked up following a tip off to the police, a person close to the investigators, told TOI.Police are treading cautiously, according to sources close to them, given that the kingpin of the gang is an influential person hailing from Chhindwara district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16612763", "title": "Nitish convoy attack: 11 cops suspended in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: As many as 11 policemen have been suspended for being absent from duty in several police stations of Bihar's Khagaria district, official sources said today.The suspensions come barely a few days after largescale violence and arson by protesters during chief minister Nitish Kumar's 'Adhikar Yatra.'Khagaria district police chief Mithu Prasad suspended the policemen after finding them absent from duty during inspection since Saturday, the sources said.Those placed under suspension include seven sub-inspectors and four constables, they said.However, additional director general of police (ADG) Ravindra Kumar denied that the action was taken against the policemen in the wake of violence during the chief minister's visit to the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16611203", "title": "Congress will not approach Jagan's party: Kiran Reddy", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Battering at the hands of YSR Congress in successive byelections notwithstanding, Congress in Andhra Pradesh does not feel the need to approach rebel Y S Jaganmohan Reddy and suggests any effort for a rapprochement should come from his side.It also attributes the triumph of YSR Congress in the June byelections to \"sympathy\" towards late Y S Rajasekhara Reddy and the arrest of his son Jaganmohan Reddy in disproportionate assets case while asserting that the party is not afraid of facing anyone at the hustings.In a free-wheeling interview to PTI, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy spoke about the byelection defeats, future of the Congress in Andhra Pradesh and his efforts to revitalise the party and its cadre before the elections in 2014.\"All these questions will have to be answered by them (Jagan camp). These have to be put to them. Congress does not try for anyone. Congress does not leave or take anyone. Whoever wants to be in Congress are in Congress party,\" he said.Reddy was responding to a question on whether he saw any possibility of a rapprochement with YSR Congress and its eventual merger with the parent party.\"Any decision (if so) has to be taken by the high command,\" was all what he said when pressed further.When asked about the party's repeated defeats at the hands of YSR Congress in byelections, the chief minister said people vote in such polls based on a specific issue or incident.\"When the byelections took place (in June) there was sympathy for Y S RajasekharaReddy and because of the arrest of Jagan. So people voted (in their favour),\" he said.\"I don't think so. I am very confident and very positive about Congress coming back to power,\" he said to a question whether the same \"sympathy factor\" would come in the way of Congress in 2014 elections.Talking about elections, Reddy said Congressmen have to unite before going to the people and claimed that a \"united Congress\" is \"unbeatable\" in Andhra Pradesh.\"There is no opposition to Congress party. We have to get our act together. So, that is what we are doing. We are trying to strengthen the Congress by uniting all leaders and going to the people together,\" he said in reply to a question who was the principal rival -TDP or YSRC - to the Congress.The YSRC has been making inroads into the traditional vote bank of Congress ever since it made a foray into politics in May last year and has won by-elections held since then. The party was launched after Jagan quit the Congress in 2010-end.Kiran Reddy also rejected suggestions that the party was being weakened due to desertions, saying people are welcome to leave the Congress.\"We don't bother much. We really don't mind anyone going anywhere. I have said it earlier as well that they are welcome to go,\" he said.On the 2014 elections, Reddy said the performance of his government would be the main issue in the elections and that the welfare programmes would bring the party back to power.\"Congress has been ruling for the past 10 years. There will be some kind of anti-incumbency, but that will be overcome by my tour of districts and the welfare measures,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610005", "title": "Suriya\u2019s Brothers audio launched", "text": "The audio of Suriya's upcoming film Brothers (Maatraan in Tamil) has been released on Saturday at Taj Krishna Hotel in Hyderabad. Suriya, Kajal Aggarwal, Karthi, director K V Anand, Bellamkonda Suresh, etc. graced the event. V V Vinayak, who the Chief Guest of the function, unveiled the audio while Santosh Srinivas of 'Kandireega' fame released the Telugu trailer. Harris Jayaraj has scored the music for this film, which was already received well.Suriya, who plays conjoined twins in this film, said \"I dubbed for my voice for the first time in Telugu for this film. I'm fortunate to win the hearts of Telugu audiences and I thought this is the right time to dub my voice and my brother Karthi dubbed for the other role\". Bellamkonda Suresh is releasing the film in Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16613042", "title": "Two youths drown during Ganesh immersion", "text": "JAIPUR: Ganesh Visarjan ended in tragedy for two youths - both in their early twenties - in Rajasthan's Jodhpur city. They drowned at Ummed Sagar lake on Saturday evening.Deceased men's family members alleged negligence on part of the authorities. They drowned in the absence of mandatory arrangements like danger markings, police vigil, rescue boats and divers, the authorities were visibly unprepared for the crowds arriving for immersion.According to the police, the deceased identified as Ranaram (24) and Yudhishtar (23) were residents of Jodhpur.\"Hundreds of people had turned up for Ganesh Visarjan at Ummed Sagar. Ranaram slipped into the lake. Some tried to rescue him, but his body was drawn deeper into the lake due to flow of water. Some divers rushed to the spot and fished out the body in an hour. He was rushed to MDM Hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" said a police officer.While Ranaram was being taken to hospital, police came to know that another youth, Yudhishtar, had also drowned. The divers had left the place, but had to rush back.The family members of both the deceased men staged demonstration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16611919", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan advertisement on Bengal released", "text": "Starring the state's brand ambassador Shah Rukh Khan, an advertisement highlighting the strengths of West Bengal has released.Part of the 'Bengal Leads' campaign to attract investors and tourists into the state, the two-minute promotional film talks of a new resurgent Bengal consistent with Rabindranath Tagore's dream of 'Sonar Bangla' (Golden Bengal).With the Rabindra sangeet tune of ' Banglar Mati Banglar Jol' playing in the background, the Bollywood 'baadshah' proudly says, \"There is something special about Bengal\".Officials of the state information and cultural affairs department said a positive and vibrant image of the state will be created through a series of campaigns and advertisements fronted by King Khan .In the next few days the video will be released on national TV channels.With breathtaking shots of the forests of Sunderbans, the mountains and rivers of north Bengal, the advertisement not only showcases the natural beauty of the state but also highlights the rich cultural heritage of Kolkata and in Tagore's abode of Santiniketan.The religious sites in the state such as the famed temple of Kalighat, Dakshineswar and Belur Math also feature in the promo film.Also talking of economic activities in the state, it highlights industrialisation, agricultural growth, skilled artisans and handicrafts.Education, health and sports are also talked about in the video which has music by Shantanu Moitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608729", "title": "Administrators are feared by athletes: Nandan Kamath", "text": "Nandan Kamath wears many hats, including that of sports lawyer and trustee of GoSports Foundation, a non-profit organization supporting young Olympic and Paralympic talent. The 35-year-old Bangalorean, a graduate of NLSIU Bangalore, Oxford University and Harvard Law School, advised Rohan Bopanna and Mahesh Bhupathi when the duo took the All India Tennis Association to court for banning them from representing the country for two years. Kamath explained the stand of the players who were penalized for not agreeing to partner Leander Paes in the 2012 London Olympics and on player rights in the country.What impact will the Bhupathi-Bopanna case have on treatment of sportspersons in India?I wouldn't blame an outsider for seeing the players' behaviour through the Olympic selection controversy as petty and self-centred. However, if you get beyond the superficial perceptions, it is apparent this was a failure of sports administration and player management -- nothing more, nothing less. The players were left with the binary choice of either accepting this or standing up for what they believed in, and they chose the latter. While it is inappropriate to get into specific details of the case as the matter is sub judice, suffice it to say that if the players feel forced to take their federation to court, it is indicative of the breakdown in the administrative machinery.It's a first step in dealing with arbitrary conduct by sports administrators unaccustomed to having their decisions questioned, least of all by players they \"govern\". It is an important precedent and I am sure all sports federations are keeping track of the proceedings which could have a direct bearing on their functioning.Sportspersons have rebelled against associations in the past. What makes the Bhupathi-Bopanna case different?Tennis players are fortunate in that their careers are not under the exclusive monopoly of the national tennis federation. They play on professional circuits and don't require selection by their federation. As a result, exposure to the whims and fancies of sports administrators is limited to the Davis Cup or Fed Cup and multi-discipline events like the Asian Games, Commonwealth Games and the Olympics. Consequently, Rohan and Mahesh were better equipped to stand their ground in this situation.What kind of a precedent does this case set for aspiring athletes and for sports federations?We are seeing a self-confident young Indian athlete today. Young people in India take little at face value now and are ready to stand up for their own rights. The generation gap between athletes and governing bodies is likely to come to the surface more frequently. There is a strong movement to regulate sports bodies closely. There is an equally good argument to deregulate and democratise the sports industry, as has happened with the IT industry. If we can release sport from the federation raj and open it up, either partially or fully to competition and professional management, you never know what can be achieved.Are player unions the need of the hour?Player unions are not solutions in themselves. The entire sports ecosystem needs to grow and more stakeholders must be engaged. Sports agents are now playing more important roles across disciplines . The press has played a key role in holding federations and selectors accountable. Former sportspersons are making their views widely known. Even courts are increasingly willing to intervene. As the famous saying goes, 'Sunlight is the best disinfectant'. If we are able to bring more information into the public domain about the talent that abounds in our country, give it sustained opportunities and platforms to show its worth and reward it meaningfully, then it will be very difficult for anyone to suppress it.What kind of an influence do associations have on careers of athletes?Most times, influence of the associations is absolute; be it funding, training opportunities or selections, athletes are fully dependent on their federations. Only in a few other professions are the full-time careers of some so completely in the hands of others. There is a great fear of administrators among athletes. We need to move more fully towards a model where administrators are recognized as mere facilitators of sports talent in their quest to connect with opportunities to perform and, ultimately, with sports fans. It is not clear whether increasing professionalisation of sports management will automatically bring about the death of 'command and control', though that should certainly be one of the prime objectives. While we need good, qualified professionals running Indian sport, there is no point transplanting them into allpowerful positions lacking structured checks and balances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16608933", "title": "Coming soon, power from garbage at Vellalore", "text": "COIMBATORE: If all goes well with Coimbatore Corporation's plan, then the garbage spewed out at Vellalore dumping yard will soon be utilised for generating electricity. The civic body has been mulling on various possibilities to use the garbage dumped at the facility to be utilised for alternative purposes like power generation. It also has plans at the moment to use the additional power generated for powering up certain segments of the municipal solid waste management plant at the initial stage. The corporation officials are now inspecting various existing methods of power generation from municipal solid waste to decide on the best method to be emulated here at the Vellalore dumpyard.\"A team of our top officials has gone to Maharashtra to inspect a similar plant and also some of the officials of a Mumbai company specialising in this field. We will finalise the project in the coming days before going into the next stage,\" said TK Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.The three-member team of corporation officials headed by deputy commissioner, S Sivarasu, is expected to return on Monday and submit a detailed report to the corporation. According to the corporation commissioner, two companies including one Mumbai-based has presently generated interest in collaborating with the corporation for the project.\"The final methodology to be used will be decided only after the submission of the report,\" Ponnusamy added.According to sources, the two methods that were shown to the corporation officials included the generation of power using gasification method. There were options of either opting for pyrolisis and plasma arc method. However, the pyrolisis method using heat is viewed as most suitable at Vellalore. The corporation officials are engaged in discussions with experts of Concord Blue Technology Private Limited who have already installed a similar facility for Pune Corporation in Maharashtra. It is being claimed that 100 ton of garbage could be used to generate power of about 1.25 mw per hour.\"We will have to erect a separate installation which is usually called the blue tower at Vellalore and the energy derived from it could be connected to the power grid,\" said a senior corporation official.As per the existing arrangement, the Coimbatore Integrated Waste Management company private limited is in charge of the operation of the plant at Vellalore. The company should have ventured out and explored the possibilities of utilising waste and other by products for alternate uses including energy generation for the next 20 years. The corporation officials claimed that as of now the plan is to moot the power generation procedure as a joint venture between the two private firms without any direct investment from the corporation.Coimbatore Integrated Waste Management has also plans to use combustible waste generated from the city to produce Refuse Derived Fuel pellets. These pellets could be used as an alternative for coal in cement kilns. About 650 tonnes of waste materials are dumped at Vellalore from the old corporation limits and an additional quantity of 150 ton of garbage is also generated from the newly-added areas of the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16607323", "title": "Let the wild run free", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Pet lovers beware! Your favourite pet animal may land you in trouble. Very few people know that keeping a parakeet, pigeon, turtle, mongoose or a civet as pets is illegal as these are deemed protected species in India.Several city residents are finding themselves on the wrong side of the law by confining animals prohibited under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972 as it mounts to cruelty towards the animals. Forest officials rescued several turtles, parakeets, squirrels and mongoose kept as pets by conducting raids recently, in which the violators have been served notices.\"People should know which animals they should keep and which they should not. We have decided to organize an awareness campaign at the block level during the wildlife week,\" said city divisional forest officer (DFO) Jayanta Dash.As per the Wildlife Protection Act, a person found keeping scheduled animals in captivity may be penalized or imprisoned for seven years and fined. \"As per the law, if someone wants to keep any of these scheduled animals as pets, he or she has to take permission from the chief wildlife warden of the state. We know people are not aware of this, therefore we are not too harsh on them and simply release the animals in the wild after rescuing them. But if we get complaints from people we take action against violators,\" said B C Behera, range officer of Bhubaneswar.Pet lovers, however, are upset with the provision of the law that allows keeping costly exotic birds in captivity but not age-old pets like parakeet, munia (baramasi chadhei) or doves.\"This is really strange. I know people who have kept exotic birds and animals in their houses and are breeding them but no action is taken against them. These birds kept by a person in our locality make so much noise that sometimes we thought of complaining to forest officials, but they cannot take any action against them. But if I have a small parakeet I will be behind bars,\" said Bansidhara Jena, a resident in Nageswar Tangi area here.\"It is right that the laws are less strict for exotic birds but the intention of the act is to protect native Indian species,\" said range officer Behera. \"If we don't take action against violators, a time will come when our next generations will read about these animals only in books because keeping them in captivity prevents their breeding,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612386", "title": "Ram Charan\u2019s Nayak progressing at RFC", "text": "The shooting schedule of Mega Power Star Ram Charan's latest film 'Nayak-The Leader' is currently progressing in Ramoji Film City, Hyderabad. The film unit is caning few vital scenes on Ram Charan, Amala Paul and others. Makers also planned to film a heavy action episode scenes on Ram Charan and others in this schedule.Ram Charan will be seen in a double role in this movie. Kajal Aggarwal and Amala Paul are playing as the female leads. Kota Srinivasa Rao, Raghu Babu, Shayaji Shinde and others are acting in prominent roles.The film is being directed by Star director VV Vinayak. Thaman is composing music for this film. DVV Danayya and Radhakrishna are jointly producing the movie under Universal Media banner.Source: Currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16608687", "title": "Ex-serviceman electrocuted", "text": "MYSORE: An ex-serviceman was killed after a live wire fell on him at Saraswatipuram here on Saturday morning.The incident happened when Chokkadi A Ganapathy, 77, of Saraswatipuram was taking a stroll at 6.30am and a live wire fell on his right leg, electrocuting him. Neighbours, who saw him writhing in pain, rushed him to a nearby private hospital, where the doctors declared him brought dead.Police said Ganapathy was staying with one of his daughters. He is survived by wife, son and two daughters. Saraswati puram police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16608314", "title": "With eye on early Lok Sabha elections, BJP shedding saffron image?", "text": "NEW DELHI: While anticipating that elections may be held earlier than scheduled, BJP has been trying to soften its \"hardline Hindutva\" image in what appears to be a move to blunt the hostility of Muslims, and reassure its existing allies while reaching out to new partners.The three-day session of BJP's national executive saw both party president Nitin Gadkari and veteran leader LK Advani condemning the anti-Islam film that has triggered violence in different parts of the globe.Gadkari on Thursday cited Swami Vivekananda, whose 150th birth anniversary is being planned by the party in a big way, to condemn the film that denigrates Prophet Mohammad.\"It's wrong to spread disrespect towards anybody who is revered by members of a faith. We should with full conviction reassure our brethren belonging to the minority communities that we brook no discrimination or injustice in dealing with different sections of our diverse society,\" Advani said in a speech that was well received by the audience.He suggested that doing so would help reassure party's potential allies that \"they have nothing to be apprehensive about partnering with BJP\". Advani also emphasized the need for broadening the NDA, saying that the grouping has to be transformed into \"NDA Plus\".The remark acquires significance in view of the apprehension of an existing ally, Bihar CM Nitish Kumar , as well as the recognition that the fear of losing Muslim support forces some of the anti-Congress players to maintain a distance from the saffron outfit. In fact, Advani's advice that party should undergo an image makeover to appear \"secular\" appears to articulate especially Kumar's anxiety.The Bihar CM is apprehensive that the projection of his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi as BJP's choice for the PM will deal a setback to his assiduous attempts to woo Muslims away from his rival Lalu Prasad.Regional players like TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu and Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik , who are hostile to Congress, are loath to be seen in BJP's company because of the latter's \"communal tag\".Though a handicap for the BJP, the \"communal\" brand works to the advantage of its allies, who cite it to justify their flexibility in choosing allies and taking positions.On a larger plane, the same factor helps the \"secular\" rivals to seek to mobilize Muslims against the saffron party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16611529", "title": "Politics full of dirt: Anna Hazare", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maintaining strong opposition to entering politics as it is \"full of dirt\", Anna Hazare today claimed that he did not get answers from Arvind Kejriwal-led group on questions raised by him on how to organise a political alternative.Hazare, who arrived here this morning and met activists to chalk out the next course of action on an apolitical anti-corruption movement, said the path of \"politics is not sacred and it is full of dirt\" but the route of agitation is \"sacred\".Contending that a big movement and not politics will give the country its future, the activist said he had told the pro-party group that the route of politics was \"not the right direction\".\"I did not give an alternative. When I was told that an alternative has to be given, I said it is a good idea but I asked them to answer my 5-6 questions (on how to provide an alternative). But I did not get those answers,\" he told reporters.Hazare was referring to the questions he raised like how will members of a new party will be selected, where will the money come from and how will the candidates for elections will be selected among others.The activist's fresh salvo against Kejriwal came two days after he wrote in a blog that the anti-corruption group split due to \"politics\" within and not because of any attempts by government.\"If I had to enter elections I would have done it when I would have done it much earlier. I have not even fought Panchayat elections. When I talk about alternative, I am not talking about political alternative,\" he said.He said he will be talking to activists, retired bureaucrats and others in the next couple of days about the next course of action.\"Politics is not the right direction. If politics would given us a bright future, then why India once called a golden bird had to mortgage gold. This country will not get the right future from politics,\" he said.This is his first visit to the capital after his split with Kejriwal. Hazare will return to Ralegan Siddhi tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16608138", "title": "6 die in separate road accidents", "text": "CHENNAI: Six people \u2014 two lorry cleaners, a woman and her daughter, and a man and his grandson - were killed in three separate accidents in Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur districts on Friday.In an accident at Vandalur, S Rizwana,30, and her daughter S Aphrine Banu, 4, died on the spot when their two-wheeler was knocked down by a lorry from Haryana at 3.45pm. Rizwana, whose husband works abroad, was returning home to Peerkankaranai with her daughter after a visit to her in-laws when she tried to a sharp turn near the Vandalur zoo and was knocked down by the lorry. Police registered a case and arrested driver J Swaran Singh, 45, of Himachal Pradesh.In Sriperumbudur, lorry cleaners Ashique Ansari, 22, and J Ansari, 23, from Koderma district in Jharkhand were run over by a lorry when they were asleep beneath it. Driver Sathakath Ansari, 25, started the vehicle and began to move unaware that they were underneath. Both died on the spot.Sathakath Ansari wa going to Sriperumbudur to collect cars from a company there and deliver them to agencies in Delhi. On the way, he parked the vehicle at the yard before going to the car company. Sriperumbudur police have registered a case and arrested him.In yet another mishap, Mani, 58, his wife Kalavathy, 50, and their grandson Suseendar, 4, were going on a bike to a temple at Periyapalayam when a van hit their vehicle.While her husband and grandson died on the spot, Kalavathi escaped with minor injuries. The Periyapalayam are hunting for the van driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16607109", "title": "Greater Noida-Ghaziabad link to be ready soon", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Work on completing the 22km link road between Greater Noida's Zeta sector and NH24 is likely to start next week as Greater Noida Authority (GNA) and Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) claim to have cleared the remaining encroachments on the way. A 1.5km portion of the alignment has been pending for almost nine years now due to various reasons.GDA on Friday said it would relocate the 50-odd farmer families who have their residential plots on the road alignment to land provided by GNA in Chipiyana village, Greater Noida, in the next 10 days. GNA had allotted 7.71 acres to GDA in July for rehabilitating the affected families.The 130m wide signal-free road, when completed, will cut down travel time between Greater Noida and Ghaziabad to just 20 minutes. The road begins at the New Holland factory in Greater Noida and meets NH24 at the Vijay Nagar bypass in Ghaziabad. It will be extended later to the Meerut highway.GNA CEO Rama Raman told TOI that most of the 22km road is ready. However, work could not start on the 1.5km stretch as the abadi land of Bahrampur Akbarpur and Chak Birampur villages lay on it. While GNA managed to settle the issue with the villagers, GDA did not have land to relocate them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16607624", "title": "Plea to control coal pollution in Vasco", "text": "VASCO: Mormugao port and railway workers (MPRW) union has requested all the stake holders, including staff of MPT and concerned workers, to unitedly take measures to control coal pollution in Vasco, so that the business is not affected.A J Peters, MPRW president said, \"Everybody is to be blamed for the rise in pollution. Initially authorities were negligent about safety measures as business was going on smoothly, but now the GSPCB recommendations should be complied with.\"The union president was speaking during a press meet on Saturday afternoon in the MPT guest house at Sada. Peters said, \"We will request the Goa state pollution control board to deploy their officers at the loading and unloading point at MPT berths. This will help the monitoring process.\" He admitted that the sprinkling of water, sweeping of roads from IOC junction to St Andrews square and cleaning of vehicles was not taken seriously. Peters said, \"MPT has taken the blame on itself unnecessarily, as it's the responsibility of the company who gets in coal to clean the berth after every stock is cleared.\"\"A time has come when 2,600 MPT workers will have to come on the road as the salaries and pensions would be stopped. So we should be one and look forward to solutions,\" he said. Besides Peters, Leonard Rodrigues, working president, Seby Coutinho, general secretary and few MPT workers were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16607360", "title": "Dam has water, but Kannur may go thirsty", "text": "KANNUR: Call it a paradox. Water supply to the town and neighbouring areas is hit: around 35km away, water - meant to quench the town's thirst -- flows through Pazhassi dam's open shutters.\"All shutters of Pazhassi dam have been opened ever since early August, when heavy rains and flash floods hit the region. The water level in the reservoir is now around 13 metres, whereas we need nearly 15 metres for full-fledged pumping of water,\" said K Sundareshan, assistant executive engineer of the Kerala Water Authority in Kannur, explaining the frequent disruption in water supply.The dam's weak shutters cannot be opened--or closed--frequently. They need to be repaired, and until then, the shutters will remain open. The authorities have so far replaced two shutters. The work on the remaining 14 will start next week.Still, the town need not expect uninterrupted water supply anytime soon. The replacement will take several months, an irrigation department official said on the condition of anonymity. And, here lies the catch.\"If we close the shutters only after the completion of the replacement work, the water level may go down further, and in all possibility, water supply to Kannur and surrounding areas will be severely affected,\" he warned.Adding to the woes are the motors that pump water from the Pazhassi reservoir. They were installed 18 years ago, and require replacement. Same is the case with pipelines that often burst, interrupting water supply.Kannur and surrounding areas require 28.4 million litres a day. In normal conditions, the average supply is below 12 million litres. With the shutters up, the supply has further gone down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16611856", "title": "Saina Nehwal shares life mantras in memoir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Do you know aloo parantha is ace shuttler Saina Nehwal's favourite snack? Or she can't resist full-milk tea made by her mother?Twenty-two-year-old Saina's fans can look forward to know more of these interesting titbits about the Olympic bronze medallist in her soon-to-be-released book \" Playing to Win\".In her own words, she tells many more things including how she loves to sketch and likes Angry Birds.Saina's phenomenal success as an international badminton player is one of the most inspiring stories of Indian sports. She comes from a middle-class family and has been groomed into a world-class player in the face of awesome odds.\"In this fascinating memoir, she talks about her childhood and growing-up years; her relationship with the most important people in her life; the ups and downs of her celebrated career, from district level wins to the Olympics; and the sacrifices needed to succeed in any sport,\" publishers Penguin said.\"... Being a player from India defines who I am. When I play, it's for my parents, my coach, and my country,\" Saina writes.The Padma Shri and Khel Ratna awardee reveals little-known facts and offers a peek into her many avatars - daughter, sister, student, and the regular girl behind the badminton prodigy.Fans can find out what a typical day in Saina's life is like - rigorous training, a strict diet, and no parties or sleepovers.\"But it's not all work and no play; Saina loves to shop, eat ice cream (post wins only) and play games on her iPad ,\" the publishers said.\"With candid photographs and badminton tips from the pro herself, this book showcases the making of a badminton champ - in her own words.\"This is the second book on Saina in recent months. T S Sudhir's \"Saina Nehwal - An Inspirational Biography\", published by Westland, is an account of her rise as a champion with the selfless support of her parents - Harvir Singh, an agricultural scientist and Usha Rani - and the dedication of her coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606831", "title": "Dharmana Prasada Rao got prior info on bond in Vanpic case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The summons sent to the 14 accused in the Vanpic case, including R&B; minister Dharmana Prasada Rao by the CBI special court had a rider that floored many. Almost all the summons carried a separate page asking the accused to 'come prepared with a bond worth Rs 25,000 and with two sureties for an equal amount each'.Though the CBI court had not sent to judicial custody any one who was summoned by it in the recent past, there was an element of suspense as to what would transpire on the 'summons day'. This additional page lifted the veil of suspense. Though the CBI court staff maintained that they had been sending such prior intimations in all cases, there were instances when they did not do so. There was considerable speculation about the fate of Dharmana also ever since CBI chargesheeted him in the Vanpic case. When his resignation was kept in suspended animation for a longer period and when summons were sent to him, the rumor mills started working overtime.But on the day of summons on September 25, Dharmana appeared in the CBI court along with other accused IAS officials like M Samuel and Manmohan Singh and furnished the required bonds and sureties and left the place.A senior practitioner of criminal law observed that summons carrying prior intimation about bonds and sureties was not a common practice. This did not happen in the same assets case when the accused number one and Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy was summoned by the same CBI court. There was a lot of speculation surrounding the summons sent to Jagan in May 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607128", "title": "One more dies of dengue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dengue claimed the second life in the capital on Saturday. A 38-year-old man who had confirmed positive for the mosquito-borne disease died at Lok Nayak Hospital, four days after being admitted there.A low platelet count and a severe infection in the blood caused Rizwaan's death, said doctors. On Friday, the municipal corporation had reported the death of a nine-year-old girl due to dengue.The patient was admitted to the medicine ward on September 25, said Dr Manju Mehra, additional medical superintendent, Lok Nayak Hospital. \"His serological test confirmed dengue and he also had a urinary tract infection,\" she said. Mehra added that the patient's platelet count was progressively falling, and his capillaries eventually started bleeding, adding to the complications. Finally, around 7am on Saturday, he breathed his last.The municipal corporation, however, claimed that they have not received the report on the death yet. The corporation said there were four new dengue cases reported across the city on Saturday \u2014 two patients from AIIMS and one each from Sir Ganga Ram Hospital and Apollo hospital.A total of 68 dengue cases have been reported in the city this year. Three of them are residents of UP and Haryana who came to Delhi for treatment.\"The cases being reported are just a fraction of the exact number of people suffering from dengue. Only the 33 government hospitals and a few private hospitals report to the municipal corporation,\" claimed a health official. He said that correct reporting is important for conducting of fogging operations in the affected areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16608612", "title": "Salsa lessons show city real moves", "text": "LUDHIANA: Punjab International Salsa Festival (PISF) started with a bang on Saturday at Sarabha Nagar. The two-day fest saw participation from a large number of artists from across the country who not only enthralled the residents with their performances but also taught them the moves.Among those who are in city for the event include Mehar Malik of Banjara School of Belly Dancing, Santosh and SumanSarogi of Salsa India from Mumbai, Santosh K S of Salsa Bangalore, Kash Dolma of Salsa for Fun India from Pondicherry, Yavit and Titil of Salsa India from Delhi, Varun and Barsha of Club Salsa India from Chandigarh. International DJ and instructor Amelie Pontaillor from France was the star attraction.The event organizer said, \"The aim of organizing the festival was to make the participants understand salsa and other forms of Latin dance. We have planned 24 workshops.\" She added, \"My goal is to make people understand that dancing is as respectful as any other art form and if done with complete devotion, it takes one close to God.\"Gagan Jagdev, 27, businessman from Model Town, said, \"It's great to be a part of this festival and learn from the best dancers of the country.\" Dummy, 50, from Model Town said, \"Being a part of this learning experience is invigorating.\"Disha, 26, choreographer from PAU, said, \"It's is a unique experience to be a part of such festivals. I've learnt a lot from this event.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16608155", "title": "Waterlogging woes in east Patel Nagar", "text": "PATNA: Even months after the problem erupted, Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has failed to solve the insanitation problem faced by the residents of east Patel Nagar. For three months, sewage water seeps into nearly 100 houses situated on either side of road nos 1, 2 and 3. In the absence of regular maintenance of the sewerage line, it has got choked and gives foul smell.K P D Singh, a retired PWD engineer who resides at Road No 2, East Patel Nagar, said, \"Several complaints were made to PMC officials but the accumulated water could not be removed. Some sanitation workers come to the locality whenever we complain to the ward councillor, Pramila Singh.\"Another retired government official, G R Basak said, \"We are living here for the last 20 years. But, this year, the roads are waterlogged for the last three months. We have contacted the New Capital circle (NCC) executive officer, Shashank Shekhar Sinha, but he also could not come up with any help.\"Another resident, Rakesh Verma said, \"Life has become miserable for all of us. Filthy water is overflowing in the backyards of our houses and water also seeps through the walls. Moreover, no fogging or sanitation service is provided by the PMC.\"\"Several complaints made to PMC authorities have been of no avail. We have also informed the sanitation officer concerned as well as the mayor from time to time about the hellish situation, but they have paid no heed to our complaints,\" said another resident.\"A pumping set was used for more than a week, but it could barely work for 10 hours so far. They (PMC officials) claim they don't have sufficient number of pumping sets and also lack manpower,\" said a resident.Circle officer, NCC, Shashank Shekhar Sinha, said, \"I have received several complaints and also personally visited the affected area. The main obstacle in the area is the main drainage, which was constructed under the chief minister's urban development project. The exit of the main drain is opposite to the direction of natural flow of water. However, we will try our best to drain out the water as soon as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16608728", "title": "Lawyer, friends sentenced to life for murder", "text": "KANPUR: An advocate and his two friends convicted for murder, were sentenced to life imprisonment and fine of Rs 10,000 each by additional district and session judge M A Abbasi of Kanpur City. Advocate Atin Jaiswal, Vishal Chaurasia and Vishal Jaiswal are all resident of Ghumni Bazar area of the city.According to the prosecution, Atin and other accused had visited the house of their friend Purshottam who resided in their locality and asked him to contribute money for a liquor party. When Purshottam refused, there was a heated argument during which he slapped one of the trio. Atin whipped out his pistol and opened fire at Purshottam and when he fell on the ground, the lawyer and his friends ran away from the spot. Police registered a case of murder on the complaint of Ramji Das.In another judgment, additional district and session judge VI-th Amarjeet Tripathi convicted one Sher Singh and his parents Srikrishna Verma and Bilasa all residents of Ratanpur village under Panki police circle.The presiding judge acquitted them from charges of murder due to want of evidence but in a case of dowry death sentenced them to 10 years rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 4,000 on each.Prosecution stated that Sher Singh Verma was married to Sarojni, daughter of Suresh Kumar Verma on May 14, 2002. The in-laws were allegedly not happy with the gifts given at the time of marriage and were demanding money. After about three years when Sarojini could not conceive her in-laws and Sher Singh pressed her to bring Rs 50,000 from her parents threatening her with divorce. On April 16, 2005, when Sarojni came from her parents' house without the cash demanded, Sher Singh hanged her from the roof.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607089", "title": "A silent march for rights", "text": "JAIPUR: It was an unusual site for the commuters to see a group of 300 youths peacefully marching on the roads holding banners and placards in sharp contrast to the hooliganism during such rallies in the city.The youths, who are blind and deaf, gathered from different parts of the state to mark the beginning of International week for deaf and dumb.The rally was organized by Rajasthan Association of the Deaf, a registered body of deaf and dumb formed to fight for their rights. The rally kicked-off at 10.45 am from Albert Hall and culminated at Central Park.Terming the rally as a 'joy march,' they said it was more than a march to register their protest.Displaying a high degree of civic sense, the participants did not leave any leftovers in the park. After the rally, a team picked bottles and other leftovers and put in dustbins. Bhanwar Lal, a police constable, was heard saying that 'this is most disciplined rally I have seen.'Narrating their plight, (translated by interpreter), Ankit, who came from Alwar, said: \"We request the government to appoint sign interpreters at least in hospitals, rail and bus stations to minimize our miseries.\"Ankit submitted a government document which says that the hearing impaired population was over 30 lakh in the country. The joy march ended with tears in their eyes of many who knew that they are returning to place where a very few understand words (gestures).Minister, officials fail to turn upThe tall claims by politicians and bureaucrats to work for the underprivileged and needy fell flat on Saturday, as a minister and bureaucrats who promised to address the rally on international deaf day at Albert Hall failed to spare a few minutes for them.They had invited a few ministers weeks in advance and wanted to hand over a memorandum. Neither the minister for social justice and empowerment Ashok Bairwa nor any officials found time to address or meet the persons with disability.They waited for 30 minutes for the minister to flag-off the rally but were disappointed. \"They (politicians and bureaucrats) love to hear those who can shout and cheer them during their address,\" said Dilip Kumar Jangir, secretary of association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610258", "title": "Armed forces further tightening cyber security, IT usage norms", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "dharamasthala", "code": "16611161", "title": "Sahitya Parishat AGM too lends support to state's claim for Cauvery", "text": "DHARAMASTHALA: Land of the Nethravathi sent Cauvery passions soaring at the 96 th annual general meeting of Kannada Sahitya Parishat here on Sunday. The need for comprehensive development of entire Hyderabad-Karnataka region under article 371 of the Indian Constitution, taking up the cause of endosulfan affected victims of Dakshina Kannada as a social cause, and move to drop Project Tiger from ambit of UNESCO project too grabbed the attention of the members.Incidentally, executive committee of the parishat that met here on Saturday adopted a resolution condemning the perceived injustice caused to Karnataka by actions of the central government as well as the Supreme Court. The same was to be mooted before the annual general meeting for its ratification by members. But a procedural lapse resulted in T Thimmesh, president of Bangalore Urban District unit of the parishat move it after the presidential remarks was over.This raised the heckles of members of the parishat from Koppal and Raichur districts who said it is improper to raise any issue after the presidential remarks of the annual general meeting is over. Members of the parishat from the Cauvery basin areas were up on their feet decrying the central government for its partisan attitude on the issue and demanded that the resolution on Cauvery be mooted at the annual general meeting so that members could deliberate on it.Members from Hyderabad-Karnataka region said they are not opposed to resolution on Cauvery, but protocol of the AGM cannot be violated for the purpose. After a brief spell of heated exchanges, Pradeep Kumar Kalkura, president of Dakshina Kannada unit of the Parishat who chaired the AGM in place of an indisposed Pundalika Halambi, president of the Parishat said the members had merely given vent to their feelings and should not be construed as dissent.Thimmesh said he had sought permission of the president of the AGM to place the resolutions adopted at the executive committee, including the one on Cauvery as it is an important issue pertaining to the state. \"More than 80 lakh population in the state capital are solely dependent on the Cauvery for their drinking water purposes and the present going rate for a tanker supply of borewell water in Bangalore is hovering around Rs 500 to Rs 600,\" Thimmesh said.Finally, the AGM adopted the resolution on Cauvery as discussed at the executive committee meeting while dovetailing the need to ensure total development of all backward districts of the Hyderabad Karnataka region under Article 371of the Constitution, treat problems of endosulfan affected victims as a social cause and also drop Project Tiger in the pretext of promoting tourism. The resolutions will be sent to the authorities concerned for necessary follow up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16614464", "title": "Congress base is dalits and backward castes: G Parameshwara", "text": "BANGALORE: Trying to send a strong message to his political detractors within the party, KPCC president G Parameshwara said the intellectuals have suggested him that Congress base was dalits and backward castes and asked the party to give due weightage to marginalized sections of the society.\"All kinds of problems are created when a dalit is heading the party. Suggestion from them was to strengthen this segment,\" he told reporters after holding interaction with intellectuals on Sunday. Several attempts were made in the past by Shamanur Shivashankarappa, KPCC treasurer and Lingayat leader in the party, to oust Parameshwara, a dalit. But the party has preferred to continue him heading Congress in the state.While Parameshwara's objective was to elicit opinion from intellectuals to strengthen the party, which is facing turbulence due to caste war, suggestions given by them appeared to be pertinent to the government, than to the opposition party like Congress, which is trying hard to come back. Intellectuals constituted retired academicians, bureaucrats, serving senior media people and personalities from literary and film industry.\"The interaction was on to discuss current political situation including the Congress. The suggestion given them included on industrial policy, adequate representation to Kannadigas, improving and developing tier-II cities, arresting rural to urban migration, reforms in education among others,\" he said.When asked that the suggestions were good enough for the government and not opposition parties, Parameshwara maintained that problems related to farmers' and implementing D Devaraj Urs modelled administration if Congress come back to power were discussed.Defending the meeting, he said politics is all the parties are going off-track by giving importance to caste related activities, therefore this interaction is to get opinion from intellectuals in an effort to bring the system on right track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608221", "title": "Railways cracks whip on seat grabbers", "text": "KOLKATA: From now on, passengers who commute to and from places like Burdwan and Asansol will have to think twice before claiming ownership over seats on trains.The Howrah division of Eastern Railway has launched a drive against such people who have been accused of evicting other passengers from their seats. On Friday evening, a raid was carried out on two general-class compartments of the Asansol-bound Agniveena Express and 15 people were handed over to the GRP. More such raids may be carried out in the near future, an official said.\"We have received complaints from passengers against people who claim to be daily passengers. The 'daily passengers' have the habit of turning up late and evicting people from their seats. They claim that they have a right over the seats as they travel everyday. Normally, some of them arrive in advance and 'reserve' seats with handkerchiefs, bags or newspapers. Whenever somebody asks them, the general statement is: Lok acche (there is somebody sitting here). This has turned into a major nuisance,\" an official added.On Friday, ticket checking staff escorted by RPF personnel boarded the air-conditioned coaches of the Agniveena Express before it left Howrah at 6.20pm. After the train started, the railway staff moved to two coaches and caught the offenders in the act. \"We will see what impact this raid has. We are keeping watch on the situation. We can't be silent bystanders if people claiming to be daily passengers harass others,\" said Anirban Dutta, divisional railway manager, Howrah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16607175", "title": "Urdu in schools: Mulayam Singh Yadav concedes to cleric\u2019s demand", "text": "LUCKNOW: Urdu may make its presence felt as a compulsory subject in government-run schools, if Samajwadi Party top leadership has its way. Informed sources said that SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has conceded to the demand of Shia cleric Kalbe Jawad of bringing Urdu at par with Sanskrit as a compulsory subject in government-run schools. Once implemented, the students would have to opt between Urdu and Sanskrit in their secondary classes.Sources also stated that Mulayam has decided to send a proposal to the state government for getting the cleric's demand examined. SP spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary confirmed that the demand put forth by Jawad has been accepted and will be assessed by the respective department. Jawad has demanded that students may be given a choice between Urdu and Sanskrit as a compulsory subject in the government-run schools. \"It is only after the state government takes up the issue that we will be able to say anything on this,\" Chaudhary said.The computers, laptops and tablet PCs to be distributed too are proposed to have software to enable them to be operated in Urdu. Mulayam had also said that the SP government will decide on an education model for Urdu, so that more and more people can be given employment.The Samajwadi Party had in its election manifesto promised a plethora of sops for the minority, one of which was the implementation of the recommendations of the Sachar Committee and that of Ranganath Mishra Commission, which, while highlighting the poor economic status of the Muslims, had recommended reservation for the community. The SP boss had also promised to grant reservation to Muslims in education institutions and employment in government jobs.The move is likely to assuage Jawwad, who in the recent past has been accusing Mulayam of compromising with Muslim's interests. Mulayam's growing cosiness with Jawwad is seen with much political significance. The SP leader is already known to have a big support of the Sunni community, even as it tries to align closer to the Shia community. Well placed sources said that Mulayam will also be taking part in a national convention of the Shias scheduled to be held in Lucknow on October 17. Sources said that this will be one of its kind and would be organised by Shia leaders in Sibtainabad Imambara.\"There is a great potential for the party to deepen its ties with the community before the Lok Sabha elections,\" said a senior SP leader who was privy to the meeting. And for that Jawwad could play a key role, sources said. In fact, it was at the insistence of Jawwad that the Samajwadi Party removed Waseem Rizvi from the post of chairman of Shia Waqf Board.Even as the party appointed a host of Sunnis to the post of chairman in various corporations, it also tried to get along with Shias on a similar scale. Earlier this year, SP nominated Bukkal Nawab, a Shia, to the MLC seat that was vacated by BSP chief Mayawati. Nawab was elected unopposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "16607754", "title": "'Listen to your heart and stay healthy'", "text": "RAMGARH: Addressing the students of Agrasen Public School here on the occasion of World Heart Day, Regimental Medical Officer Colonel Sanjay Deka of Punjab Regimental Centre stressed on the importance of a change in the lifestyle of people to keep cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) at bay.\"According to the World Health Organization (WHO) report, CVDs would be the largest cause of death and disability in India by 2020,\" Colonel Deka said. \"Heart diseases and strokes claim 17.3 million lives each year and the numbers are going up, and that it was expected by 2030, over 23 million people will die from CVDs annually,\" he added.He explained how young Indian professionals were falling prey to heart diseases due to odd working hours, stress , lack of physical exercise and eating unhealthy food. Smoking and drinking further aggravated the situation and such sedentary lifestyle gave rise to health problems like high blood pressure , obesity , diabetes and so on, leading to heart ailments later.The RMO stressed that since not everyone gets the same warning signs and symptoms of a heart attack, it was very important to listen to the heart. \"While for some people, it can begin with a sudden, crushing chest pain, for some it can start with a slow mild pain leading to discomfort whereas some people don't get warning signs at all,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16613501", "title": "Malda has become hub for fake currency notes smuggling: BSF", "text": "KOLKATA: Malda district in West Bengal has become a hub for smuggling of fake Indian currency notes (FICN), a senior BSF official said on Sunday.\"44 Indians and 13 from Bangladesh were arrested by BSF for smuggling fake notes in 2011 while in the first eight months of this year altogether 46 people, including 18 Bangladeshis, were caught,\" additional director-general (East), BSF, B D Sharma said.Explaining the modus operandi, Sharma said smugglers often throw bundles of fake notes over the fence in the cover of darkness at night besides pumping money through the porous border.So far this year, BSF jawans have seized fake Indian currency notes having face value of Rs 15.83 lakh.The force has also written to the district administration for relocating some houses, belonging to Indian citizens, located across the border in Bangladesh.\"In 20-25 villages of the district, some Indian houses are located on the other side of the border. We have written to the district administration asking them to relocate it to the Indian side,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16608044", "title": "Sonia Gandhi to address meeting in Rajkot on October 3", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) president and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi will kick off the Congress campaign ahead of the assembly elections from Rajkot on October 3.Sonia was supposed to visit the state on October 2 and attend a prayer meeting in Porbandar, Mahatma Gandhi's birthplace, but rescheduled the trip and is expected to come to Porbandar only in the evening, where she will make a night halt. From here, she will be flying to Rajkot to address a meeting at Race Course ground early next morning.Sources said there was speculation that the UPA chairperson and chief minister Narendra Modi would come face-to-face during the prayer meeting in Porbandar of October 2. Earlier this week Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee president Arjun Modhwadia was summoned to Delhi after which changes in the programme were finalized.However, the Congress leaders maintained that Modhwadia had gone to invite Sonia for her first election rally in Rajkot, the area which has two strong MPs, Kuwarjibhai Bavalia from Rajkot and Vitthal Radadia from Porbandar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16616130", "title": "And the winner of Jhalak is....Gurmeet Choudhary", "text": "After 16 weeks of hard core dancing extravaganza, India has chosen Gurmeet Choudhary as the winner of Colors dance reality show, Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa!Gurmeet a novice and stiff dancer wooed the audiences and judges with his macho moves and stylish grooves to become a dancer par excellence. His never say die attitude got him a lot of support from his fans and well-wishers that helped him bag the coveted title. Rashami Desai Sandhu and Rithvik Dhanjani were the first and second runners up respectively. Awarding the winner were our ever inspiring jury, the purrrrfect Madhuri Dixit; blockbuster director Karan Johar; and ace choreographer, Remo D'souza.The grand finale evening not only witnessed some breath taking acts from the three finalists, but also saw two legendary actresses Madhuri Dixit and Sridevi share stage which created an epic moment.Gurmeet Choudhary was the lone survivor who started his journey of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa from day one. Along with his talented Choreographer Shampa, he showcased some breathtaking performances like robotic hip hop, semi classical moves and international dance forms like Rumba and Paso Doble. The judges were impressed by his dedication, hard work &amp; seamless energy.His performance graph was filled with highs and lows especially after his shoulder injury but under Shampa's guidance, he bounced back as a fighter. Gurmeet walked away with prize money of Rs. 40 Lakhs and the title of the winner of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa !When asked, Gurmeet said, \"When I came to Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa , I was just an actor but today, I can proudly say that I'm a good dancer too. I'd like to thank my wife Debina for her love &amp; support. And most of all, I would like to thank all my fans and supporters who have stood by me through both the good and the bad times. I am where I am only because of them.\"On the occasion of the Grand Finale, Manisha Sharma, Weekend Programming Head, COLORS said, \"The objective this year was to deliver a never seen before experience of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa for our viewers. We are delighted with the appreciation for the show coming in across demographics and geographies making it the best reality dance show on Indian television.\"Myleeta Aga,General Manager and Creative Head of BBC Worldwide Productions India added, \"The essence of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa is making non-dancer celebrities into dancers. Gurmeet's journey is a fine example of this journey. This season all of the contestants raised the bar of their performances by experimenting with new dance forms and concepts. The jury brought in their own flavour to make this season a memorable and entertaining one.\"With innovative and engaging concepts like dancing to a live band, paying tribute to 100 years of Indian cinema, and getting paired up for performances with international Dancing with the Stars winners, this season of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa stepped out of its zone and fulfilled all the promises by providing the audiences with wholesome entertainment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "karimganj (assam)", "code": "16613539", "title": "Heroin worth Rs 39 lakh seized", "text": "KARIMGANJ (ASSAM): Heroin worth more than Rs 39 lakh have been seized by the BSF in Assam's Karimganj district, BSF sources said today.Acting on a tip off, personnel from BSF's Mizoram and Cachar Frontier headquarters along with Assam Police launched an operation on a road joining NH-44 near Churkhuri village where some people were carrying the narcotic last night.After seeing the securitymen, the persons left the packet and fled, the sources said adding the forces recovered 393 gm of heroin from the spot.Search operations were on to nab those persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16607664", "title": "Querer e poder: Bakers justify hike in pao price", "text": "PANAJI: The popularity graph of bakers, who were eagerly awaited at dusk and dawn for pao, is likely to slide after the hike. But a few bakers justified it, stating that rising cost of flour, firewood and labour left them little choice.The hike is a double-edged sword for their occupation, bakers concede. \"The first few weeks would be the hardest for us as we would have to reduce our production and this means a lower return for us,\" a city baker said.But bakers say they had no choice as they were battling the rising prices for some time. \"We don't have any support or subsidy from the government,\" Sunny Fernandes, a baker from Bhatulem said. Explaining further, he said the prices of all commodities have shot up considerably.\"We would pay 1500 for a 90kg bag of flour a few weeks back, but we pay around 2100 now,\" Fernandes said. Another baker said prices keep rising and raised apprehensions that another hike may not be far off. \"Its very hard to get that much money to buy a bag of flour,\" the baker added.Along with flour, the firewood prices had been shooting up in the past. The cost had increased from 12,000 per truckload to 15,000 and further to 17,000 for a higher quality wood (zambo). \"Ten years back, the firewood cost 6,000 per truck,\" Peter Fernandes, a member of Goa bakers association, said.The manpower base to run a bakery is shrinking. \"They don't stick to a job for long,\" Fernandes said. An unskilled worker is paid 5,500 onwards and a skilled one even 10,000 per month. \"Very soon, a few bakeries may have to shut shop,\" he added.While many consumers have already started complaining about the price rise, bakers are the ones who have to deal with the complaints. A long-time baker from Caranzalem commented, \"Everyone is quick to blame the bakers, but we don't get any support from the government and we will be the losers. Some bakers will resort to tactics such as selling sub-standard quality bread at low prices. Even the rich people who can afford it will grumble.\"Most bakers were sympathetic towards the public. According to them, it would be the middle and lower-class families who would suffer the most and felt that the Government should take some action to try and decrease the price of flour which would decrease some of the burden on bakers and general public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16608125", "title": "'Dead' girl returns, police in a fix", "text": "HOWRAH: A 17-year-old girl, presumed to be dead, walked back home on Friday night even as two of her 'killers' remained behind the bars. The girl's escapade has left the police foxed. Officials are now trying to identify wondering whose the decomposed body they had handed over to the family after an autopsy a few days ago. The last rites of this body have already been performed by the family.On September 13, the girl left her home at Aymachowk in Jagadballavpur on the morning of September 13with plans to meet her boyfriend Aizul, a resident of Bankra. When she called up Aizul, the youth told her to return home as he wasn't able to meet her. couldn't keep the appointment.But Instead of going home, the girl met one Zahir Ali at Aymachowk and they spent the day together. In the evening, the girl refused to remain with him any longer and went to Amta.\"According to her statements, she took shelter behind a garage in Amta. There she met one Sk Samir, 28. In the night, the youth took her to a friend's house in Amta where the two spent the night. On September 14, the two left for Digha. On that day itself, the girl's elder brother lodged a complaint at the Jagadballavpur police station. The family had come to know that the girl was last seen with Sk Samir and Abedin lodged an abduction charge was lodged against the youth,\" an officer said.Samir returned home a couple of days later and was arrested. The youth confessed that he had gone around with the girl. When quizzed about her whereabouts, asked what had become of her, Samir said the girl had left for Bankra in search of Aizul.About five days ago, the police recovered the decomposed body of a young girl beside the railway tracks at Ghoradanga in Amta. This was close to the house where Samir and the girl had spent the night. The missing girl's family identified her and was handed over the body after being identified her and the body was handed over. While the girl's last rites were performed,Police arrested Samir and Zahir Ali, on charges of abduction and murder. charging them with abduction and murder.On Friday night, the girl's family members suffered the shock of their lives on seeing herfinding her standing at the door. During interrogation, she told police that she hadn't gone to Bankra but had been deserted by Samir at the Santragachhi station. She was contemplating suicide when she was 'rescued' by one Sk Raju. The two went to Uluberia where they even rented a room and started living together in a rented room.A few days later, when the girl asked Raju to marry her, he said he wanted to probe her background first. the youth dithered. He said that he wanted to probe her background before tying the knot.This was when the girl fled from Uluberia and returned home.\"We wonder how her family could have identified the wrong body. Now, we will have to withdraw the murder charges against the youths. The abduction charges will remain. We may also get the girl to make a statement before the magistrate,\" another officer said. Howrah SP Bharat Lal Meena said that the matter is being probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "krishnanagari", "code": "16608871", "title": "After spat, trucker runs over bus driver near Hosur", "text": "KRISHNANAGARI: Road rage claimed the life of a state transport bus driver after a truck driver, following a spat, drove over him near Rayakottai on the Hosur-Dharmapuri highway on Saturday evening.T Sundarrajan, 38, was driving a Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC) bus with 40 passengers to Erode from Bangalore when a truck coming from the opposite direction and going towards Hosur scraped his vehicle near Rayakottai in Krishnagiri district around 4pm. The truck driver drove off as Sundarrajan , who hails from Olagadam village near Bhavani in Erode district, stopped the bus to check the damage.Sundarrajan parked the bus on the service road and chased the truck in a car that came along. He caught up with the truck near Uthanapalli village, 10km off Hosur, and pulled out the truck driver. After an argument , the truck driver got back into his vehicle and ran over Sundarrajan, said Uthanapalli police. The truck then sped away, leaving a bleeding Sundarrajan on the road. The car that he came in had left by then.Sundarrajan was lying on the road for more than 45 minutes before the bus conductor , Shanmuga Sundar, came to the spot with a few passengers in another bus. He called in 108 ambulance service and took Sundarrajan to Hosur general hospital , where he died. \"If we had reached him a few minutes earlier, we could have saved him. There was no one to take him to hospital,\" said Sundar . \"We had not noted down the registration number of the truck nor do we know where the truck driver took off to,\" Sundar said. Uthanapalli police said a case of murder has been filed on the basis of the complaint filed by TNSTC. \"We are searching for the truck driver,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608592", "title": "Marriage-related checks should be best left to private detectives", "text": "The home department's asking police to check the antecedents of brides and grooms is impractical. The attention of our policemen, whose primary duty is to keep the state crime-free and track criminals, will get diverted to these extraneous errands. The department is shortstaffed and deploying manpower for marriage-related checks is unfair. Besides, marital checks can be controversial, especially if it means certifying individuals. This gives room for manipulation and harassment. Such exercises are best left to private detectives or families themselves.Related story : Married to inconvenience, Karnataka cops fume", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606916", "title": "Procession passes off peacefully in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Ganesh immersion procession in the Old City went off peacefully amid tight security on Saturday. It was a day of devotion, revelry and festivity.Revelers carrying saffron flags and buntings along with smaller Ganesh idols started trickling on to the main procession route at around 11 am in vans, jeeps and trucks in various areas under South Zone. The main procession began from Keshavgiri and passed through Nagulchinta, Falaknuma, Charminar, Pathergatti, Madina and ended at Nayapul. From there, it proceeded towards Tank Bund. Activity increased at 1.30 pm with the larger Ganesh idols from places such as Aliabad joining the main procession and reaching Charminar at 2.30 pm. The much awaited Ganesha idol form Balapur arrived at Charminar at around 5 pm. Processions trudging from Hussaini Alam to Charminar via Laad Bazaar circled Charminar to pass the Bhagyalakshmi temple.Shops and other business establishments across the Old City remained closed even as residents chose to remain indoors. Scores of mosques, dargahs and chillas continued to be covered with white cloth so as to avoid any trouble. The entrance to Mecca Masjid was heavily barricaded. The top brass of the police made its presence felt at the historic mosque during Asar prayers as a Ganpati procession came to standstill for more than 20 minutes.Rumour-mongers had a field day with reports pertaining to youth belonging to a community being allegedly roughed up in Shankar Nagar in Chaderghat being reported. Rumours struck areas such as Moosabowli, Kabootar Khana and Chandrayangutta as well. Further, mild tension prevailed in Chatrinaka due to alleged inflammatory sloganeering by members of a community.A reveler Srikanth Dubey in the Hussaini Alam area collapsed while dancing, and later died. Doctors said he was suffering from heart condition.Police kept a close watch on the procession from around 75 locations, with at least four security personnel being posted at each vantage point. Reserve police forces were kept on standby with 30 men reporting to the ACP and 60 to the DCP. A superintendent of police rank officer was posted at the pressure point of Nagulchinta while officers of deputy superintendent of police (DSP) rank were placed at Charminar bus stand, Pathergatti, Madina and Nayapul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16613295", "title": "Vaiko demands cancellation of entrance test", "text": "CHENNAI: Demanding cancellation of conducting nationwide entrance test for admission in medical colleges, MDMK Chief Vaiko today threatened to stage a protest if his demand is not met with.Criticising the Government's move to introduce National Entrance Test for admission in medical colleges, Vaiko in a statement here, said it would only benefit the students in urban areas and those belonging to the upper class.It is said that through test, a per centage of seats in medical colleges would be alloted. \"This will only demolish the basic of social justice\", he said.Though it was removed from the State government in 2007 itself, the Centre's decision to introduce it, showcases only the Government's 'irresponsible' and 'dominant' attitude in entering into the powers of the State government, Vaiko charged.If the Centre does not scrap its proposal which is \"against social justice\", Vaiko said his party would stage a protest against the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16613312", "title": "A glittery affair", "text": "The audio event of the Vishnu Manchu and Hansika - starrer Denikaina Ready was held on the sets of the Gandharva Mahal that was erected for Lakshmi Manchu's last film Uu Kodathara Ulliki Padathara.The event was graced by several film personalities and saw some rocking stage performances. Vishnu's parents and brother Manoj were seen at the do, mingling with guests. However, Vishnu's sister Lakshmi, wife Viranica, his twin daughters and the movie's leading lady, Hansika were missing.spotted: Kodanda Rami Reddy, Kota Srinivas Rao, B Gopal, AVS, Kona Venkat, Gopi Mohan, Chakri and Ramajogayya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16607896", "title": "Day after party ouster, Bo Xilai axed from parliament", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese PM Wen Jiabao on Saturday gave a rallying call to ruling Communist Party of China cadre a day after disgraced politician Bo Xilai's removal from the party. The call is important as the country celebrates the 63rd anniversary of its founding as a People's Republic two days later, and awaits a leadership change at the party Congress on November 8.\"Let us rally more closely around the CPC central committee with comrade Hu Jintao as the general secretary,\" the premier told an audience of some 2,000 diplomats and officials, who had gathered at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.He said the Congress will allow the party to \"open new perspectives on development\". Though Wen did not directly mention the Bo scandal, but it was clear the party was still worried about its possible repercussions.\"We have followed the overall guideline of making progress while ensuring stability, and improved macro regulations and given greater priority to stabilizing growth,\" he said. \"While recognizing achievements, we must always keep a cool head. Our country is still at the primary stage of socialism and the productivity is not high.\"In another move, Bo was removed from the membership of the National People's Congress, bringing an end to his chequered political career. The move clears the way for his prosecution because he will no more enjoy immunity to certain charges as a parliament member.The move comes from standing committee of Chongqing Municipal People's Congress, which decided not to allow Bo to represent it as a NPC deputy. He was removed on Friday from the party's and the elite decision-making politburo and central committee. But removal from the parliament is a different process, which was completed on Saturday.Bo's wife, Gu Kailai, has been given a suspended death sentence for murdering British businessman Neil Heywood. Bo is likely to be charged for ordering the cover-up operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608186", "title": "You may soon need an ID proof to send a parcel", "text": "KOLKATA: Jittery after Wednesday's parcel bomb blast in Howrah that claimed the life of a 40-year-old woman and left her husband seriously injured, the police are planning to issue a directive to courier companies, asking them to seek identity proof from people booking parcels.However, this may not be a foolproof strategy; officials admit, as it is being suspected that the bomb in Howrah was hand delivered not by a courier company but a member of the gang involved in the murder.\"We shall certainly ask courier companies to be more careful while accepting bookings. Ideally, they should verify the identity of the person who books a parcel. Though there are doubts whether Wednesday's parcel was actually delivered by a courier company, there is no guarantee that killers would not avail of their services in the future. We would also urge people to be careful before opening a parcel from an unidentified source,\" a police officer said.While Kolkata Police's joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh said that they are thinking on these lines, other officers said that Wednesday's strike has caught them on the wrong foot. This has opened a completely new chapter in crime, an officer said. Before long, those planning murder may no longer adopt a direct approach. There are considerable risks attached with shooting dead a person, particularly if the intended victim takes certain precautionary measures. A parcel bomb, on the other hand, wipes out nearly all evidence. It also has the desired effect of spreading terror.\"What is of concern is that explosives like Ammonium Nitrate have now become readily available to criminals. Though a low-grade explosive, its power can be enhanced by using a larger quantity and packing the material tightly in a container. In most cases, the intention is to kill a person and not cause co-lateral damage. It is also clear that people have gained sufficient expertise in developing a trigger or switch to set off the blast. Our aim is to track down the person or persons who build such improvised explosive devices,\" the officer said.With the festive season approaching, security agencies are also worried of people picking up unclaimed items from crowded places. A campaign will soon be launched to raise awareness.\"We used to do this on a regular basis whenever there was a terror threat. In the last few years, the threat from such objects had come down considerably. Now, we may have to start educating people once again against handling such objects at public places,\" another officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16608831", "title": "Another FIR lodged against Komal Pandey", "text": "BHOPAL: The police on Friday have lodged another FIR against Komal Pandey, who was arrested in Bhopal on September 3, for duped a youth of Rs 28 lakh by promising him to get a post-graduate seat in medical college. The accused, who reportedly harboured political ambitions, wanted to contest election for the post of Bhopal mayor, is currently lodged in Bhopal central jail from September 3 for allegedly duping many of crores of rupees in the country on the pretext of getting medical seats.Police said the fresh complaint against Pandey was received from Aditiya Verma of Andhra Pradesh. He told that woman duped him of Rs 28 lakh promising to help him get a post-graduate seat at People's medical college here.Komal allegedly used her proximity to gangster Mukhtar Malik to intimidate gullible victims who would put pressure on victims to return their money. She lived a lavish life in Bhopal and has a bungalow in Kolar locality. The woman is said to be close to some politicians here.Ever since her arrest, the Nishatpura police officials are getting telephone calls from her victims from other cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607740", "title": "Man killed by wife's paramour", "text": "NAGPUR: Illicit relationship claimed the life of a 30-year-old man who was pushed into a river from a bridge by his wife's paramour on September 11. Deceased Harischandra Chowriya was offered a drink by culprit Bharat Pendhe before he was pushed from the bridge into Vainganga river. Accused Pendhe was arrested on Friday after the matter came to fore. The court has remanded him to police custody till October 6.Pendhe had an illicit relationship with Harishchandra's wife Asha. In order to remove the obstacle, Pendhe plotted the murder of Harishchandra. With a plan, Pendhe requested the Chowriya couple to take him along with them when the husband-wife was to leave for Ramtek and Ambhora.On September 10, the trio left from Kalmeshwar for Ambhora via Ramtek. On the following day, the trio spent the day at Ramtek and later went to Bhandara. The incident took place after the trio reached Bhandara where Harishchandra was taken to Kardha by Pendhe who pushed an inebriated victim into the river.The matter came to light after Asha divulged the information to her brother a couple of days later. Asha's brother Bablu Chawre approached Kalmeshwar police with the reportwhere an offence of kidnapping with murder and charges of destruction of evidence were slapped against Pendhe. Police has also arrested Pendhe. Police is yet to trace the body of Harishchandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16607471", "title": "Draft electoral rolls to be open for scrutiny from Oct 1 to 31", "text": "PANAJI: The draft electoral rolls of parliamentary and assembly constituencies in Goa relating to the special summary revision of rolls with reference to January 1, 2013, as qualifying date, will be published on October 1.The electoral rolls will be available for scrutiny by the members of the public from October 1 to October 31 in the premises of the respective polling stations where the previous election for parliamentary constituencies and assembly constituencies were held, a press note issued by the election office stated.The electoral rolls will also be available for scrutiny in the offices of the concerned deputy collectors and electoral registration officers of Pernem, Bicholim, Mapusa, Panaji , Ponda, Margao, Vasco da Gama, Quepem, and Canacona and also in the offices of all the mamlatdars/joint mamlatdars/assistant electoral registration officers in the state of Goa, the statement said.All Indian citizens who are entitled to be included in the electoral rolls are requested to scrutinize the draft electoral rolls and in case their names do not figure in the said draft electoral rolls and those who may have attained the age of 18 years of age as on January 1, 2012, are requested to get their names included in the electoral rolls in accordance with the procedure stated below.As required under Rules 13 and 14 of the Registration of electors rules, 1960, all claims and objections for inclusion of names or objections to the particulars in entries in the electoral rolls should be made in Forms 6, 6A, 7, 8 and 8A as the case may be and should either be presented to the concerned electoral registration officers.As per the programme approved by the Election commission of India, citizens can file claims and objections for a month up to October 31.The election authorities will dispose of the claims and objections by December 1 after which the rolls will be updated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16607527", "title": "Burglars sprinkle water to wipe off fingerprints", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars struck at a house of a businessman in Shenoy Nagar near Aminjikarai and escaped with gold jewellery weighing more than 40 sovereigns and 10,000 on Friday night. The culprits sprinkled water on the shelves, door handles and tables to wipe off their fingerprints.Police have launched a hunt for the burglars. The incident came to light on Saturday morning when the house owner, Ganesh, returned after visiting a relative's house. He saw the main door broken open and cupboards damaged. Things were strewn around.Police said the burglars made a novel attempt to erase the trail by sprinkiling water all over the place. \"We have to see how many fingerprints remain. Special police teams have been formed to nab them,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16608948", "title": "CPM leaders resolve Mundoor rebel threat", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The CPM state leadership and the Palakkad district committee have succeeded in finding a solution to the rebel menace in the party stronghold of Mundoor.The negotiations initiated by party politburo member Kodiyeri Balakrishnan and state secretariat member A K Balan have helped in convincing the rebels about the need to be with the party in this hour of crisis.Sources said P A Gokuldas and those in the party who support him will attend the rally, to be organized by the CPM in Mundoor on October 5. CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan will inaugurate the rally.It is also learnt that Kodiyeri and Balan have assured the rebels about the re-entry of Gokuldas in the Mundoor area committee. They have reportedly sought some time for finalizing the decision.\"Though there was an understanding in the last CPM secretariat about re-admitting Gokuldas in the area committee, a final decision was not taken. Since Elamaram Kareem has been asked to study the issues in Mundoor including Gokuldas's complaint, it has been decided to take the final decision only after obtaining his report. We hope to get the report in a month,\" a CPM leader said.Last week, when Kodiyeri announced this decision in the general body at Mundoor, supporters of Gokuldas had shouted slogans and staged a walkout. Based on Kodiyeri's conciliatory talks, they were expecting an announcement to re-induct Gokuldas which didn't happen.Sources said the sudden reaction was a result of miscommunication. The CPM leaders have now succeeded in convincing Gokuldas about the arrangements and winning his confidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16606940", "title": "Cash van driver flees with Rs 51 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Friday was a bad day for cash handling firms in the city as they not only lost cash but also suffered human loss and took a dent to their image.While the Rs 5.25 crore Defence Colony cash van robbery made headlines, hours later the driver of another cash van allegedly made away with Rs 51 lakh in northwest Delhi.The second case was reported from Jahangirpuri. Police said van driver Ompal Singh drugged the three cash handling personnel travelling with him in the vehicle with the intent to escape with the money.His plan briefly went awry as the others realized they had been drugged and tried to wrench control of the vehicle \u2014 also a Maruti Eeco \u2014 but ended up crashing it near the Jahangirpuri Metro station.All the occupants of the vehicle were injured, but Ompal managed to pull himself out, and escape with the cash before police could be alerted about the accident.Senior police officers, though, said the exact sequence of events and the allegation that Ompal had stage-managed the incident were to be verified.A case has been registered at Mahendra Park police station on the basis of preliminary statements made by Ompal's companions, who are hospitalized. Their full statements are still awaited, said a source.Sources said Ompal's role was suspect as he had vacated his house in Nand Nagri (northeast Delhi) a few days ago.Joint commissioner of police (northern range) Tajender Luthra said the suspect, \"had vacated this house in Nand Nagri five days ago. This shows he had been planning this heist for a long time''.Police have started investigations under IPC Section 328 (administering stupefying drugs with intent to hurt), but will add other sections depending on their findings. DCP (northwest) P Karunakaran said the cash was being carried for Logicash Solution, a cash handling firm, and the van had been hired just 25 days ago after proper verification.According to police, four men \u2014 Ompal, security guard Brijesh, and custodians Yogesh and Hemant \u2014 had started from Jhandewalan with Rs 81 lakh. They were near North Campus when the driver offered the others sweets laced with sedatives.The three ate the sweets and then loaded cash into two ATMs of Central Bank of India and Union Bank of India in north Delhi. They experienced nausea while loading cash in an Oriental Bank of Commerce ATM at Kirori Mal College, and then passed out after boarding the van, but probably remained semi-conscious. The subsequent sequence of events is being ascertained.Police said Rs 51 lakh was still left in the van when the staff returned from the OBC ATM. A few people considered close to the driver are being questioned and police are awaiting inputs from various security agencies about his record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16606960", "title": "Guard toiled to educate kids: Kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Munne Singh was a farmer at the Kalota village in UP till someone in his family suggested that he could make a living in the capital by using his gun license that he was issued five years ago. On Friday, some robbers shot at a guard of a bank's cash van and drove away with Rs 5.25 crore from south Delhi's Defence Colony.The guard was Munne and he succumbed to the injury on Friday night.According to Munne's cousin, Pappu Singh, Munne would work for over 12 hours a day as he wanted to educate his children. \"He was married to Sweta nine years ago and had two children. Early this year, he got a contract with a cash handling agency, Premiere Shield, and was offered a salary of Rs 9,000 a month. Munne soon realized that he could not fulfill his family's needs unless he works overtime. He then started working for erratic hours to earn Rs 14,000 a month. He would leave home early and return back late. Sometimes, he would even return after 1.45am,'' added Pappu.For Munne, duty always came first. \"Munne had told us that his company was not using the usual armoured vehicles since it was the end of the month and there was too much pressure. Therefore, a radio cab would drop cash at ATMs before dropping him off at his house at Jasola, Faridabad. We had asked Munne to be careful, but he said that he was confident as he had a gun. The goons, however, did not give him a chance,'' said his uncle Prempal Singh, in whose flat Munne used to reside.Munne's relatives are now demanding for his family's financial rehabilitation. \"The security agency to take care of his wife and kids. They have asked us to meet them after five days. We also want him to be felicitated as a hero,'' urged Pappu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16615035", "title": "Four workshops conducted by college of engineering, Pune", "text": "PUNE: The College of Engineering, Pune conducted four workshops recently as part of their annual technical fest called Mindspark. The work-shops were conducted across four cities including Pune, Amravati, Nashik and Aurangabad on four topics namely -- autospark, cyber forensics, sixth sense and mobiles.The autospark workshop focused on engine and automobile design. It was conducted in association with Horizon MBS Group. The cyber forensics workshop was based on cyber crime investigations, data storage investigation, prevention of email attack as well as web server forensics among other things. It was conducted in association with Cyber Cure Solutions.The third workshop - Sixth Sense was based on technology used for programming of robots. It was conducted in association with ARK Techno solutions. The fourth workshop on mobile making, which was conducted in Amravati and Nashik, taught the participants about the basics of electronics, keypad interfacing and how mobile networks work. It was conducted in association with Campus Components Private Limited.The workshops were conducted under the outreach programme of the technical fest, Mindspark. Mindspark is in its sixth year and will be encompassing more than 53 exciting events. More events will be-gin from October 5 and will be spread over a period of three days. All the events will be held in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16602605", "title": "Review: Rovio\u2019s Bad Piggies", "text": "Rovio, the game developer that created Angry Birds, is back with a new game. And this one stars the pigs \u2014 yes, the green smuggy foes of the angry birds \u2014 in the primary role. Rovio's last game, Amazing Alex, didn't really strike a chord with the gamers. It was not really a bad game but the gameplay relied too much on solving puzzle at the expense of fun. This is never a good thing.With Bad Piggies, Rovio is returning back to its roots. Yes, there are puzzles in this game and it is significantly different than any Angry Birds game even if the familiar pigs are part of it. But still it is a game rooted in Angry Birds universe. The question is \u2014 Does it fly?We find out...Music, visuals and story Story first. We all know that how the pigs salivate at the thought of eggs. They just can't keep themselves away from these eggs, even if it means going to war with the birds.In Bad Piggies, the greedy green creatures are on an island. As usual they are after eggs. But to reach eggs, the pigs have to build various machines that allow them to pass obstacles or fly so that they can reach places high up on cliffs. This is where you, the player, come in. your job is to build the ultimate flying machine for the pigs from various parts that are available in the game.Petri Jarvilehto, a senior executive with Rovio puts it like this: \"Where Angry Birds was all about destruction, Bad Piggies is all about the joy of construction.\"Bad Piggies is a pretty game. Given that it is set in a tropical island, there is lots of green foliage. If you have played any recent Angry Birds game, the visuals in Bad Piggies will make you feel at home. The visual style is same and the backgrounds are as detailed as Rovio makes them. However, the environment is not as destructible as it is in the Angry Birds games. The accompanying music is very good and compliments the gameplay very well.Gameplay Rovio set a very high benchmark with Angry Birds. It is a game easy to play and yet complex enough to challenge best players. It is casual and yet fun.Bad Piggies aims to recreate the same magic, though with a different kind of gameplay. The puzzles in Bad Piggies are slightly more complex compared to those in Angry Birds. The task is to create good machines that pigs can use and to do that players have to carefully think about the role and placement of various items like a box, balloons, TNT and rockets etc. This is a little more difficult than flinging birds from a slingshot.Another way in which the gameplay has changed is the way points are awarded. In Bad Piggies there is nothing to destruct. Instead the goal is to collect items. If you collect all the available items, you get three stars and if you complete the objective without collecting optional items, you get one star.Bad Piggies is a lot of fun once you get the hang of tools and components available to you. But at the same time it is not Angry Birds. Primarily, there is one reason why many casual gamers who love Angry Birds may not like Bad Piggies. It is the nature of the game. Whether it is a good thing or bad, the truth is that as human beings we have more fun when we destroy things. Building things is a little tedious.Angry Birds appeal to many of us because the objective is to flatten the fortification put up by the pigs! Smashing through the wooden planks, putting the black bird in between two stone pillars and killing the hidden pigs with a boom is immensely gratifying. Building flying machines has its own charm but it may not appeal to all.Also, we did not like the new point system. Unlike the arcade-style point system in Angry Birds, where even destroying a flower yielded 50 or 100 points, in Bad Piggies all you get are stars. The arcade appeal is not there.If you love playing casual games on your smartphone or tablet, you will likely spend hours with Bad Piggies. It's an enjoyable game, especially once you have crossed a few levels and are familiar with the way things work. Just don't expect it to be Angry Birds.Available on... iOS devices ( iPhone , iPod Touch , iPad ), Android phones and tablets, Mac, and PC.Cost PC : $4.95 Mac : $4.99 iOS : $0.99 or $2.99 for HD version Android : Free (ad-supported)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16607165", "title": "Infrastructure crisis endangers future growth", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607521", "title": "\u2018Liger\u2019 now back as a formidable combination", "text": "AHMEDABAD: BJP workers welcoming the former minister of state for home on Friday evening were carrying posters which proclaimed: 'Narendra Modi: The Lion; Amit Shah: The Tiger'.Indeed, the awesome twosome was back in action on Saturday after an emotional reunion at the chief minister's residence. Call them 'liger', a hybrid cross between a lion and tigress.Modi, who got his right hand man back by his side, spent considerable time in discussions with Shah whose absence he had badly missed since July 2010 when Shah was arrested in the Sohrabuddin encounter case and subsequently barred from entering Gujarat till the bail was upheld by the Supreme Court on Thursday. The legal objections raised by the defence lawyers in the related Tulsiram case in the CBI court on Saturday meant that Shah has a free run of at least two more weeks till his impending re-arrest.Modi has already promised Shah a BJP ticket to contest the Ghatlodia seat in Ahmedabad, a splinter of the Sarkhej seat held by Shah earlier, even in the event of his re-arrest. But Modi values Shah's pan-Gujarat advice, more so because he has done a deep study of the post-delimitation scenario. Shah was BJP's representative before the Election Commission during the delimitation exercise, which has completely changed the contours of many of the 182 assembly constituencies, including his own \u2014 Sarkhej.Shah camped at the CM's residence the whole day on Saturday, first attending the state executive meeting and then a meeting of the media cell. BJP leaders, who had noticed that Modi was out of sorts in recent weeks while discussing election strategy, observed a new-found confidence in the chief minister, with a beaming Shah by his side.The two also had a long one-on-one meeting where they probably discussed ticket distribution, caste equations, poll strategy, the Keshubhai factor, a resurgent Congress and the ever-altering equations in the BJP leadership in New Delhi, vis-a-vis Modi's eventual political ambitions. In the past, Modi has given Shah specific hit jobs to target senior Congress leaders in their respective constituencies.Political observers say that some administrative changes are also likely to happen in the coming couple of weeks, till elections are notified and the code of conduct comes in force. Among those who will be uncomfortable with Shah's return will be revenue minister Anandiben Patel who, although being the most influential among ministers, lacks the finesse of Shah whose political machinations helped the BJP take over control of cricket and cooperatives in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610355", "title": "Tube tools: The best web apps to get more out of YouTube", "text": "ViewPureDistracted by all the clutter - the comments, related videos, likes and dislikes - that surrounds videos on YouTube? ViewPure promises relief. Head to the website and paste the URL of the video you want to watch.The 'Options' button will allow you further customization: personalized URL for your ViewPure video, choice between white and black backgrounds, password protection, etc. Of course, you can skip all this tweaking and simply hit Create' to get a clean and minimalistic interface. No distraction.www.viewpure.comVeedcastThere's a joy in the shared experience of going to a movie with a friend. Veedcast wants to help recreate that camaraderie through the internet. Using the app, you and your pals can watch the same video at the same time; all from your respective homes.Head to Veedcast and you are prompted to start with the link of the video you want to watch with friends. Hit 'Create a Veedcast channel' and your own private room is created, with a link you can share with friends. Once your friends have logged on, start playing the video - they'll see what you are seeing on your screen, at the same time. As the 'host', you get control of the video playback. However, everyone can post comments in the same window for a convenient chat interface.www.veedcast.comDeturlIf you love a video, you naturally want to download it. But YouTube does not have an option for you to just click and get the file onto your hard drive. Enter Deturl.If the video in question has the URL \"www.youtube.com/abcdefg\", simply add \"pwn\" to it such that you get \"www.pwnyoutube.com/abcdefg\". Hit enter and you'll be taken directly to the Deturl page.Downloading is made simpler by Deturl's aggregation service, which has the best Youtube video conversion and download tools at the convenience of a click. There are options to convert the video to FLV, MP4 and many other formats, as well as the ability to extract only the audio and convert it to MP3. Nice and easy.www.deturl.comTubechopSometimes, the best part of a video is only a short clip. Why subject your friends to the whole video then? Tube-Chop is a simple app that allows you to clip a section of a video to share with your friends.Go to the site, paste the URL and you're ready to start. TubeChop gives you a progress bar with two markers. Drag the Start marker and the End marker to where you want (you can also customize it by typing the exact time in the given boxes) and click on the Start marker again to preview your video. If you're satisfied, you can add a comment to the video or simply click 'chop it'. You'll get a custom TubeChop link that you can embed in a website or share with anyone.www.tubechop.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607960", "title": "Did Gadkari turn down Damania due to Sancheti?", "text": "NAGPUR: While IAC activist Anjali Damania has charged BJP national president Nitin Gadkari with refusing to take up the issue of corruption in state's irrigation projects due to his proximity with the Pawar family, speculations are rife in political and bureaucratic circles that Gadkari may have turned down Damania also because of his close aide Ajay Sancheti, BJP Rajya Sabha MP.The Sancheti family had bagged several major irrigation projects when Ajit Pawar, who recently resigned from the post of deputy chief minister, was the water resources minister. Many of them have run into controversy.Document obtained under RTI by an activist show that the Sancheti family had committed fraud to bag eight VIDC contracts. Until 2010, VIDC had a rule that no single firm could hold more than three contracts simultaneously. Sancheti changed the name of his company from Shaktikumar M Sancheti Ltd to SMS Infrastructure in November 2005. However, the Sanchetis bagged contracts in the name of both the companies as VIDC had issued registration certificates to both in 2007, in spite of being intimated about the change of name in 2006.Shaktikumar M Sancheti Ltd tied up with N Thakkar Construction Pvt Ltd while SMS Infrastructure forged a joint venture with D Thakkar Construction Pvt Ltd. The Sanchetis bagged six projects in partnership with the Thakkars. One job was awarded to SMS Infrastructure on its own and another to a joint venture of Shaktikumar Sancheti Ltd and Soma Enterprise Ltd. MLA Suresh Gambhir had lodged a complaint with the water resources ministry on this issue but no action has been taken so far.The documents obtained under RTI also show that Sancheti's firm was one of those which were provided mobilization advance by VIDC even though there was no such clause in the tender. The advance was given when the contract was signed and mentioned as a special measure.Nandkumar Vadnere, who was appointed to enquire into these irregularities, in his report had stated that the amount of mobilization advance had been jacked up on the basis of unreasonable assumptions.VIDC's hurry to award the contract for building a barrage on Purna river to Sancheti's firm and D Thakkar Co Ltd cost it Rs 180 crore. VIDC did not have the know-how to design the barrage but awarded the project at a tentative cost of Rs 181 crore. Later WAPCOS, a Delhi-based agency made the design which took the estimated cost to Rs 638 crore. As it was a centrally funded project Central Water Commission (CWC) made another design, which costed Rs 180 crore less than the WAPCOS one. However, it was too late as the very structures on which the expenditure could be curtailed were already built.Sancheti's firm and its partner D Thakkar &amp; Co have drawn flak as panels and retaining walls in certain parts of the right bank canal (RBC) of Gosikhurd project, built by them have come out from their original position.The work order issued to Sancheti's firm for constructing the Lower Penganga canal will be cancelled soon due to several irregularities exposed in the entire project by the Upase Committee.Controversial contracts involving sanchetisSanchetis changed the name of their firm in 2005 and bagged eight contracts in name of both old and new companies. They did it as VIDC rules did not permit a firm to hold more than three contracts simultaneouslySancheti's firm got mobilization advance from VIDC even though there was no such clause in the tenderVIDC's hurry to award the contract of Purna barrage to Sanchetis caused it Rs 180 crore loss due to faulty designCertain parts of Gosikhurd's right bank canal built by Sanchetis have come out of their original positionThe work order issued to Sancheti's firm for Lower Penganga canal is being cancelled because of the irregularities in the entire project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612011", "title": "Ferrari Jaisi Car tops music chart", "text": "'Ferrari Jaisi Car' is a song that has something for everyone. The song is by an upcoming playback singer Arnie B, who made news with ISR by doing 'Master Blaster' a tribute song to great Sachin Tendulkar , which led to Shane Warne asking them to do a similar track for him.Both King Of Spin and Master Blaster made some major headlines in media. Now ISR and Arnie B are back, and with a bang. Ferrari Jaisi Car has topped multiple charts.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16608859", "title": "One held for Rs 50cr Axis Bank fraud", "text": "BHOPAL: The Jehangirabad police on Saturday arrested a person wanted in connection with forgery worth Rs 50 crore reported in Axis Bank, Jabalpur a few years back. Police said accused Mehboob, 50, was arrested from the Mangalwara area here. The forgery case is being investigated by the economic offenses wing (EOW) that had also declared a cash reward of Rs 10,000 on him. The accused made forged documents used in the Axis Bank forgery. Several others, including the bank's employees have been made accused in the case so far. The police have ruled out recovering any cash from Mehboob and said the EOW, Jabalpur would further interrogate him. Mehboob is a habitual offender and have been booked for several cases of forgery in Bhopal as well, the police added.Chain snatched: A woman was robbed of her gold chain and a mangal sutra worth Rs 1.25 lakh from inside her house in post office colony at Jehangirabad area on Friday evening. The police said complainant Sunita Singh, 65, was watching television at her house when a youth barged in to her house and snatched her gold chain and mangal sutra and fled. The unidentified accused made his way along with his accomplice on a motorbike, who was waiting outside. By the time the woman raised an alarm and called her son and neighbors for help the accused had fled, the police added.New-born found dead: A new-born baby boy was found dead in a nullah between Hinotia and Naveen colony here on Saturday morning. Police suspect the new born was thrown in the nullah soon after the birth. The Ashoka Garden police have sent it for autopsy and said a case would be registered after the autopsy report.Woman commit suicide: A newly married woman committed suicide in Krishna Nagar, Habibganj here on Saturday morning. Police said the deceased Sangeeta, 18, was married to Sachin around 6 months back. Her husband who is a labourer was out on work in the morning when the woman hanged herself at home. The reason for the woman taking the extreme step is yet to be ascertained, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16608014", "title": "Modi a demon trapped in ballot boxes, says Keshubhai", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former GPP president Keshubhai Patel after calling chief minister Narendra Modi a raging bull and 'Nirmal Baba' has now said he his like a 'demon trapped in ballot boxes'.In Dhari, Patel equated the chief minister him with a demon whose life was like a caged parrot, but with Modi is in ballot boxes. Calling the voters to bring about a change, he said that during the election people should kill this demon by voting against him.Keshubhai not only talked of his promises, but said that the debt of each individual has increased manifold. He said the present debt on the people of Gujarat is 1.27 lakh crore.He also said that the Central government gives funds for roads, but they remain in pathetic condition and the money for the resurfacing roads is pocketed by BJP leaders.Patel also took a dig at the Sadhbhavna fast which Modi had taken up. He said even a small kid can do such 11 am to 5 pm fast. But Modi for his fast hired 10,000 buses to bring in people. He said that Modi had given a dowry of Rs 33,000 crore to bring the Nano project to the state from West Bengal.Taking a dig at the five Vibrant Gujarat summits, Patel said that during his rule Gujarat was either at number one or two, but in the present situation Gujarat is ranked fifth in the country when it comes to attracting investment to the state.He said Modi is only interested in getting his photos printed. He also mentioned how the officials targeted industries in Morbi when they refused to give money for party funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607547", "title": "IPS officer GL Singhal quizzed in Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation questioned IPS officer GL Singhal in connection with the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case on Friday and Saturday.Singhal was posted in the city crime branch as assistant commissioner of police more than four months after the encounter took place on January 13, 2003. It was Singhal, who first investigated the case and closed investigation by filing a summary report.CBI sources said Singhal was specifically questioned about why he chose to close investigations and he was asked to give grounds for his actions.This is not the first time Singhal was interrogated in connection a dubious encounter. He has been questioned in connection with the Sohabuddin Sheikh, Tulsiram Prajapati and Ishrat Jahan encounter cases.Singhal's interference in the probe was brought on record by DIG Rajnish Rai during the Sohrabuddin case investigation. Rai mentioned in his case diary how Singhal had tried to influence witnesses.The probe in Sadiq's encounter was handed over to CBI by Justice M R Shah last year, on the plea filed by his brother, Shabbir Jamal. The Bhavnagar youth was labeled a Lashkar-e-Taiba operative by the city crime branch after killing him near Galaxy Cinema in Naroda.Two persons have been arrested in this case till date - former Mumbai journalist Ketan Tirodkar and DySP Tarun Barot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "16613582", "title": "Ready to bear cost of playing in India in future, says Zaka Ashraf", "text": "COLOMBO: Starved of bilateral series against India, Pakistan Cricket Board Chairman Zaka Ashraf on Sunday said the PCB is ready to bear the logistical cost of playing against the arch-rivals as well as other countries.Indo-Pak bilateral cricket ties, which had been snapped after the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, are set to be revived this December with a short ODI and Twenty20 series.Ashraf said the PCB was more than willing to bear the cost of organising more such series.\"I have always maintained that revival of bilateral series is a step forward in the right direction. My relationship with BCCI president N Srinivasan has been very cordial.I have told him that we are ready to play India anywhere in the world even in neutral venues,\" Ashraf said at an interaction at the Pakistan team hotel.\"We can even pay the rent for using the facilities and have more matches against India and other nations. An India versus Pakistan series has a lot of economic relevance.The kind of passionate cricket fans that are there in two countries, the viewership always doubles when they are pitted against each other,\" he added.\"Just after Pakistan beat South Africa, I was informed that within an hour, all the tickets for the match were sold-out. That proves my point,\" Ashraf stated about the clash between the arch-rivals today.He also thanked India's foreign minister S M Krishna for taking special initiatives so that Pakistan fans can come in large number to watch the series slated in December.\"The two governments have been working in tandem after the announcement of series and one is covering all areas minutely.\"\"Mr Krishna has been very helpful after we requested him about our fans being permitted to come in big numbers to watch series in India. When I told the Indian media in Delhi that we will have a bilateral series, no one believed me and now it's a reality,\" Ashraf said.Asked about Pakistan players participating in the IPL, he smiled and said, \"If the bilateral series is on, can IPL be far behind?\"\"In fact, it is a very small issue which will get sorted out. The day is not far when you will find Pakistani players in IPL and also the Indian players will be playing in the Pakistan Premier League .\"An industrialist, who also doubled up as a banker at one point of time, Ashraf attributed his success in the past one year to his administrative abilities.\"People think that I am banker but that's only a part of profession. I am businessman and handling administration come naturally to me.\"If there has been minimum number of controversies in PCB, I would like to credit it to the disciplined system that I have tried to bring in.\"When I was given charge of a bank, it had incurred huge losses. I turned the loss-making institution to a profit-making one. I was successful in minimising the non-performing loans.\"The Pakistan team has looked like a unit and Ashraf said that he has told the boys to remember three things that Muhammed Ali Jinnah had said.\"According to Quaid-E-Azam (that's how Jinnah is referred in Pakistan), three things are necessary -- Unity, faith and discipline. I told the boys to remember that Mohammed Hafeez is your captain in the dressing room and on the field. He is your leader and everyone should listen to him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608123", "title": "Maneka Gandhi NGO in dog-burial row", "text": "KOLKATA: Ashari, a unit of People for Animal - a Delhi-based NGO run by Maneka Gandhi - is in the news for taking donations for burial of dogs in their dog pound. The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has filed a complaint against the NGO located at Mukundapur off EM Bypass.According to Section 469 of the KMC Act, an NGO or an individual has to seek permission from the municipal commissioner for burial of a human or an animal body. But Ashari allegedly had not taken permission for burying animals on their premises.The matter was discussed in a meeting on Saturday and the civic body has decided to take punitive steps against the 'errant' NGO. Atin Ghosh, the member, mayor-in-council overseeing the KMC health department who convened the meeting, said that Ashari had flouted the rules laid down by the KMC in order to earn money.\"We will take the matter to a higher level and demand punishment of the officials of the NGO involved in the misdeeds,\" Ghosh said on Saturday. The KMC health department has a burial ground for animal at Dhapa where dead animals are buried free of cost.Acting on a tip off, Debasis Sen - a KMC special officer (health) - visited Ashari to inquire into the functioning of the NGO. On finding certain discrepancies, Sen lodged a complaint at Purba Jadavpur police station. He alleged that the NGO had flouted the norms specified by KMC and was running the dog pound illegally.A KMC health department official Monirul Islam Molla also visited the place and found the allegations to be true after talking to the officialsafter talking to the NGO officials.In the report submitted to police, the civic body officials have alleged the NGO of taking Rs 3000 as donation against the burial of each dog. A senior police official of Purba Jadavpur confirmed that the KMC health department has lodged a complaint against Ashari.This apart, actor and Trinamool Congress MLA Debasree Roy - who is also a member of the Society for Stray Canine Birth Control - has also lodged a complaint against Ashari for misuse of government land in the name of treatment of stray dogs. The matter was discussed at a meeting on Saturday where it was decided that the civic body would take punitive steps against the 'errant' NGO. Atin Ghosh, the member, mayor-in-council overseeing the KMC health department who convened the meeting, said that Ashari had grossly flouted the rules laid down by the KMC in order to earn money.\"We will take the matter to a higher level and demand punishment of the officials of the NGO involved in the misdeeds,\" Ghosh said on Saturday.Maneka Gandhi was informed about the matterthe same day KMC health department officials visited the NGO's Mukundapur campus. She has also spoken to Sen over phone. Sukanya De of Ashari, however, said:they did not know burial was banned inside the dog pound.\"We had no idea that burial isn't allowed inside our complex. The KMC health department did not send us any circular on this before visiting the spot.\" But she conceded they had been providing the service (burial of dogs) against donations.Sources said that People for Animal was given the land at Mukundapur for setting up an animal shelter, hospital and research centre.Kolkata Municipal Corporation has filed a complaint with the police against Ashari, an unit of People for Animal a Delhi based NGO run by Maneka Gandhi working for stray dogs and other animals for taking donation against burial of dogs at their dog pound. According to section 469 of the KMC Act, an NGO or even an individual has to take permission from the municipal commissioner for burial of a human body or an animal. Here, the NGO in question had taken no permission for such burial at their premises at Mukundapur off Eastern Metropolitan Bypass. The KMC health department has a burial ground for animal at Dhapa where dead animals are buried free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16607696", "title": "Class 9 student held for stealing bike in Velachery", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have arrested a Class 9 student for stealing a bike in Velachery. He was remanded in a juvenile home in Kellys on Friday.A police team led by Velachery crime inspector Muthuraja during a surprise vehicle check on 100 Feet Road intercepted the boy. He was riding a TVS XL bike (TN 07 AD 9650) without proper records. A missing bike complaint was registered a few days ago by Majid, a senior citizen from Velachery.Since the boy gave contradictory statements to police, he was taken to the police station and quizzed. He confessed to having stolen the bike. Police said he studied in a government school in Velachery. The boy had stolen the bike parked on the road and told his family that it was his friend's bike.\"We are probing whether the boy was involved in any thefts,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16607378", "title": "Majority of Calicut University colleges give cold shoulder to campus politics", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Campus politics is on its way out of the colleges under the Calicut University. Managements of many of colleges have decided not to conduct student union elections this year.Though the university had set October 4 as the date for elections in 339 affiliated colleges, only one-third have set in motion the election process. Over 200 colleges have not issued the election notification on September 19. Instead, many college managements are pitching for the parliamentary form, where the students of each class select their class representatives who in turn elect the college union office bearers.The system would effectively take the political fizz out of the election process and students won't get a direct chance to elect the union office bearers.As many as 15 college managements and principals' council have challenged the varsity decision in the high court, which is expected to pronounce a verdict on October 1.Dean of students' welfare Valsarajan P said that though the varsity had asked all colleges to conduct elections on October 4, only around 150 colleges are likely to obey its order. \"We will prepare a list of colleges that do not conduct the elections and issue notices to them,\" he said.The dean said that the student politics on campus has been on the decline over the years and last year, the university had only 225 university union councillors. \"The introduction of the choice-based credit semester system (CCSS) has packed the academic calendar. With exams being held every six months, students have less spare time,\" he said.Meanwhile, organizations like SFI, KSU, MSF and SIO have been staging joint agitations at several colleges that have refused to honour the varsity directive. Many colleges run by the Muslim Educational Society (MES) had to be shut down for several days owing to the stir.SFI state joint secretary K Rafeeq said that college managements are trying to wipe out student politics from campuses by refusing to conduct the elections.\"Kerala has a long-standing tradition of having politically active campuses whose student community is conscious of its rights. The managements are trying to take away the democratic rights of students and it is unfortunate that the colleges have openly flouted the varsity directive in this regard. The syndicate should take immediate steps to make all the colleges fall in line with the varsity's election directive,\" he said.Kozhikode: Campus politics and the politically charged student body elections are on the way out of majority of affiliated colleges under the Calicut University.Managements of majority of colleges have dealt a body blow to campus politics by deciding not to conduct the student union elections under the presidential mode as directed by the CU syndicate this year.Though the university has set October 4 as the date for elections in all its 339 affiliated colleges, only around one third of the colleges have set in motion the election process. The majority of colleges, numbering around 200, have not issued the mandatory election notification which was scheduled for September 19, meaning that the annual spectacle of intensely fought annual student union elections will be absent in bulk of the colleges this year.Instead, many college managements are pitching for the parliamentary form of elections in which the students of each class select their class representative who in turn elect the college union office bearers. The system would effectively take the political fizz out of the election process and students won't get a direct change to elect the union office bearers. As many as 15 college managements and the principals' council have challenged the varsity decision in the High Court which is expected to pronounce a verdict on October 1.Valsarajan P, Dean of Students Welfare, said that though the varsity had asked all the colleges to conduct elections on October 4, only around 150 colleges are likely to hold the elections on that date.\"We will prepare a list of colleges who have failed to conduct the elections as stipulated by the varsity and will issue notices to them,\" he said.The Dean said that the student politics on campus has been on a decline over the years and last year the university had only 225 university union councilors (UUC).\"The introduction of the choice based credit semester system (CCSS) has made the academic calendar very packed. With exams being held every six months the spare time available for students is very little,\" he said.Student organisations meanwhile have launched a joint front to preserve their home turf on the campuses. Organisations like SFI, KSU, MSF and SIO have been staging joint agitations at several colleges which have refused to honour the varsity directive. Many colleges run by the Muslim Educational Society (MES) had to be shut down for several days owing to the stir.SFI state joint secretary K Rafeeq said that college managements are trying to wipe out student politics from campuses by refusing to conduct the elections. \"Kerala has a long standing tradition of having politically active campuses with a student community who are conscious of their rights. The managements are trying to take away the democratic rights of students and it is unfortunate that the colleges have openly flouted the varsity directives in this regard. The syndicate should take immediate steps to make all the colleges fall in line with the varsity direction for holding the elections in the presidential manner,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16614727", "title": "Accident kills one; leads to traffic block", "text": "MANGALORE: There was a major gridlock on the Nethravathi bridge for nearly 30 minutes after an auto-rickshaw driver was killed on spot when a bus collided with the auto rickshaw on the Nethravathi Bridge on Sunday.The deceased has been identified as Keshava Nadumane (40), a resident of Kuthar, near here. He was on was to Mangalore from Thokkottu.The impact of the accident was such that the front portion of the rickshaw was completely damaged. The accident led to a major road block between Pumpwell and Thokkottu on National Highway 66.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607056", "title": "Prize money lures back Kavita Raut to Delhi Half Marathon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nasik girl Kavita Raut's dreams came crashing down when she failed to qualify for the London Olympics. However, she has recovered from that disappointment and is looking ahead with hope. Kavita, who could not participate in the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon after 2008 due to her track training commitments, is back this time, lured by the money.\"I do half marathons for prize money. There is no big target here. I missed the event last year as we left for Kenya just two days before the event. Before that I was busy training for the CWG and Asian Games,\" Kavita, who holds the course record of 67:12 minutes set in 2008.For Kavita, the current Indian national record holder in 10,000m road running, switching to road from track is an easy task. \"Road running (2-3 times a week) is part of our workout. My performance before London was not impressive and I just want to check where I stand,\" she explained. Kavita underwent an eight-month long training in Kenya and Italy along with Preeja Sreedharan, Sudha Singh and OP Jaisha before the London Games.\"Kenya was a good experience. But I feel eight months is not enough to adjust to a new coach, new training regime and a new place. Your body takes some time to adjust and produce results,\" Kavita told TOI on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16615784", "title": "RLD workers want Jayant in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: A significant number of RLD workers want their MP from Mathura Jayant Chaudhary to head the UP unit. The position had fallen vacant after RLD state president Baba Hardev Singh resigned from the post citing ideological difference with the party's leadership.A senior party functionary said that it is high time for the young Chaudhary to take over the party reigns in the state.\"Akhilesh Yadav is leading the Samajwadi Party and Rahul Gandhi is about to take over the reins in the Congress. The Rashtriya Lok Dal too should be led by Jayant Choudhury. He can attract the youth and rejuvenate the party,\" a RLD leader said. Sources, however, said that the young MP has not made up his mind to take up the responsibility.According to reports, a large group of party workers are planning to launch a signature campaign, demanding the appointment of Jayant Choudhury as the state president. \"We plan to get around 10,000 signatures and send them to Choudhury Ajit Singh for action,\" said a party worker.Party sources, on the other hand, said that among the front-runners for the state president's post are former ministers Kokab Hamid and Munna Singh Chauhan. While Hamid belongs to western UP, Chauhan belongs to eastern UP where the RLD is trying to find a foothold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16613063", "title": "Rajamouli first, marriage later, says Prabhas", "text": "Director Rajamouli is one of the most sought after directors in Tollywood today and actors are willing to go to any lengths to work with him. In fact, actor Prabhas is willing to postpone his wedding just so that he can concentrate on his next flick with the maverick director. \"Look I can either get married or do Rajamouli's film. I cannot do both at the same time. So, I had to choose between my wedding and the movie... And I picked the movie,\" says the actor. Talk about commitment! Well his female fans wouldn't be complaining for sure.The soft spoken star says he's pretty pleased with the audience response to his latest release starring Tamannaah and Deeksha Seth and the he is looking forward to start shooting for the untitled flick with Rajamouli. \"We will start shooting from December. It is going to be a racy mass entertainer. It has everything from action, romance, and emotion. Most importantly, we have a great script. We will share more details soon. I'm really looking forward to working with Rajamouli again, after Chatrapathi,\" he says.The actor is presently busy wrapping up shooting for his upcoming flick with director Koratala Siva, tentatively titled Vaaradhi. \"We haven't yet taken a final call on the title yet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607775", "title": "22 arrested during protest against Nagpur university exam fee hike", "text": "NAGPUR: Sitabuldi police arrested 22 activists of Bharatiya Vidyarthi Sena (BVS), the students wing of Shiv Sena , who were protesting in front of the Nagpur university administrative wing near Maharajbagh zoo on Saturday. They were agitating against the university's September 13 decision to hike examination fees.It is learnt, the activists intended to stop vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal's vehicle at the entrance itself. They also seemed to have planned to target the VC's controversial car to attract attention towards the issue. Sensing trouble, police had to resort to lathi-charge to disperse the activists. Sapkal reportedly entered his office from the rear gate to avoid confronting the protesters.Earlier this week, BVS had issued an ultimatum to Sapkal for a rollback. The activists also questioned the timing of the university's decision to hike examination fees. They stressed university's have highlighted the fact that the examination fee was not hiked in the beginning of the academic year but was increased at the time of the examination which has led to difficulties before the students.Students wings of other political outfits too have staged protests in front of the university on this issue.Following the protest, Sitabuldi police deployed security in the campus to prevent any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16614674", "title": "Moily evasive on Cauvery solution", "text": "MANGALORE: Union minister for corporate affairs and power M Veerappa Moily on Sunday refused to comment on how the state government should handle the present Cauvery crisis.Quoting Mahatma Gandhi there is enough for everybody's need, but not enough for anybody's greed,'' Moily said the r ight thing is either reconcile with the riparian states or fight the case well in Supreme Court. We had handled the situation (when in power) preparing our plea well when first tribunal was formed. Just don't leave it lawyers or bureaucrats. There should be political will and in depth study on the problem and the will to pursue it,'' Moily suggested.Riparian states should be solved through bilateral talks. But it does not happen all the time. I don't know what happened at the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) meeting where apart from Prime Minister, chief minister of the states involved were present.It may be recalled that a t the September 19 meeting, the PM directed Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu from September 20 to October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16614161", "title": "Haryana, Karnataka enter semis of national hockey", "text": "BANGALORE: Hosts Karnataka and defending champions Haryana defeated Tamil Nadu and Manipur respectively to enter the semifinals of Hockey India's second Senior Men's National Hockey Championship on Sunday.While Karnataka defeated TN 2-0 in their quarterfinal clash, Haryana got the better of Manipur 4-2 in another last-eight match.Karnataka both goal came in the first half through MK Mudappa (29th minute) and PL Thimmanna (32nd).Mudappa gave Karnataka the lead deflecting home a cross from Pundalik Bellary past TN goalkeeper P R Sreejesh.Three minutes later, Thimmanna got a touch to a long hit from the centre-line by skipper Vikram Kanth for the second Karnataka goal.In the second-half, both teams took turns to dominate but the rival goalkeepers - Sreejesh and Tarun Thammanna - brought off some good saves to deny a threat to their respective goals.Neither team was able to convert a couple of penalty corners. A disappointed Tamil Nadu coach Mohd Riaz Nabi attributed the defeat to the inexperience of his team.\"Considering the strength and composition of Karnataka team that had about seven to eight international players, besides country's top drag-flick expert ( VR Raghunath), I am quite satisfied with the performance of my team,\" Riaz said.\"We had barely two to three days of training before coming to Bangalore. Majority of the boys are very young and inexperienced, but we had a few chances, especially the penalty corners, but couldn't stop the ball because of bad bounce,\" said Riaz, a former India player.Earlier in the Haryana scored twice in each half to beat Manipur 4-2 and become the first team to enter the semi-finals.Spearheading Haryana's charge was former India forward Bharat Chikara, who opened the scoring with goals in the third and sixth minutes while Mandeep Antil (43rd) and Didar Singh (44th) netted one apiece from penalty corners after the change of ends.Manipur, playing in their maiden quarter-final game at this level, however went down fighting as Jayantakumar Meitel (31st, 60th) converted two penalty corners to keep his team in the hunt.But the experienced Haryana side held on to the two-goal lead until the final hooter.\"I am quite satisfied with our performance. It was a good exposure for the boys playing in their first quarter-final at the National level,\" said 1986 World Cupper Tiken Singh, the coach of Manipur team.\"We were slow to start today, but we were in the game until Haryana scored two quick goals in the second-half. In fact, their third goal, which could have been disallowed for raised ball, was the turning point.\"We have to improve on our fitness and also understanding among the players. Since most of our players play for different units and organisations, it is tough to get them together for a long preparatory camp,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16614374", "title": "Officers to adopt feeders in Haryana to ensure smooth power supply", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to have makeover of its image in general public , the dakshin haryana bijli vitran nigam (DHBVN) has come out with an idea of asking the officers of higher ranks to adopt feeders for the purpose of maintenance and effective power supply.Among those who will be adopting atleast two feeders included chairman-cum-managing director, Devender Singh, rest directors, general managers and superintending engineers (SEs) and executive engineers (XENs) who will adopt two feeders each of their area.Singh and other directors are expected to take up feeders in Gurgaon, Faridabad and other sensitive areas of national capital region (NCR) of the state.The officers would ensure maintenance of complete system of the feeders, to be adopted by them, right from the emanating point at the substations to the meters at the premises of consumers. The maintenance would include sagging of loose wire, replacement of worn out and old conductors, provision of guarding, provision of egg insulators on stay-wires, replacement of iron poles, replacement of lines crossing schools and water bodies in villages, augmentation of capacity of distribution transformers and setting up additional transformers as per requirement.The director level officers will take up the feeders of sensative areas or the trouble prone areas where consumers have maximum complaints. Idea of starting the exercise is to ensure that operations staff (field staff) should also realize their responsibility towards consumers,'' Devender Singh said.This would ensure that the complaints of consumers, connected to these ideal feeders, relating to power supply failure, metering system and billing were minimum and redressed promptly.He said that this improvement in the system and the service would be exemplary for the assistant general managers, junior engineers and the staff deployed in operational activities. The management would expect from the officials to bring about an improvement in the system and the service provided to consumers on all other feeders in the State, he added.Devender Singh has already given assurance to the officials that there would be no shortage of funds and materials, but no excuse in service would be acceptable. Consumer satisfaction is on top of the list of priorities of the Nigams,.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16608837", "title": "District administration to issue fresh notices", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration is going to issue fresh notices to schools asking for information about the vehicles that ferry students as the previous data collected was found 'unsatisfactory.'Deputy commissioner (revenue) Urmila Shukla said, \"A new format has been drafted which would be sent to the schools as only around 15 schools had replied to the previous format of the notice issued. Also the previous replies were unsatisfactory as the schools put all the responsibility on parents. There was also no authenticity to the answers.\"\"Once the reply is received from, and we get sufficient information, we would be in a position to put pressure on the schools. Also currently, we have no information about the details of the vehicles,\" she said.\"We would then be able to conduct drives even after the school hours, which is otherwise impossible,\" Shukla added.\"The draft of the format is currently being readied. It would be issued to the schools by Monday,\" said joint director, public instructions (Bhopal division) P R Tiwari.The new format would seek information on the number and details of each students enrolled in school along with the mode of transport they use. Details of the type of school vehicles in use would also be sought.Information has also been sought on how many vehicles run on school duty and how many students are present everyday so that an average number of students can be calculated. The schools would have to submit their replies to the school education department by October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16615069", "title": "Economic reforms against common man's interest: Badal", "text": "LUDHIANA: Lashing out at the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal on Sunday said the economic reforms unfurled by it were against the interest of the commom man.\"Economic reforms do not mean that common man should be crushed,\" he told a SAD political conference at Chhapar Mela, some 40-km from here.\"The common man has been totally neglected by the UPA government at the Centre,\" he said.\"The UPA government is pursuing anti-people policies. Economic reforms introduced by it are against the interest of the common man,\" the SAD patriarch said.Economic reforms initiated in other countries had safeguarded the interest of the poor and the comman man, he said.Badal said the SAD was an inseparable part of the NDA and there should be no confusion about it.Badal predicted more UPA constituents would walk out of the alliance like Mamata Banerjee-led TMC before the next Lok Sabha polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16607374", "title": "Guidelines for 'cluster of colleges' scheme to be revised", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala state higher education council (HEC) is all set to revise the guidelines set for the 'cluster of colleges' scheme introduced by the state government in 2008 to ally any apprehension that private college managements may have about it. A meeting on this will be held here soon.The scheme, started with the aim of enabling higher education institutions to share resources among themselves, did not yield the desired result as private managements had feared it would intrude into the financial administration of colleges.The idea of setting up cluster of colleges was mooted by the Kothari Commission with the objective of optimum utilization of the existing facilities in various institutions. Each cluster would be a voluntary association of three or more colleges within a radius of 15km. The colleges in a cluster can share their faculty, research facilities, libraries, infrastructure facilities and also undertake common ventures.The plan was to set up at least one cluster of colleges in each district. But, the HEC succeeded in starting clusters only in the cities of Thiruvananthapuram and Ernakulam and in a rural region in Kozhikode district. The attempt to form cluster of colleges in Kozhikode city failed as private colleges were doubtful about the scheme.Stating that HEC had no intention to coerce colleges into joining the cluster, HEC member secretary P Anvar told TOI that the council had decided to address the issues, including clarification on the constitution of the governing body and allocation of funds, raised by private colleges.\"We have a fund of Rs one crore for each cluster per year. It can only be availed if the clusters are formed,\" he said.Earlier, HEC made an effort to form a cluster of colleges in Kozhikode city with Government Arts and Science College, Malabar Christian College, Farooq College, St Joseph's College Devagiri and Zamorin's Guruvayurappan College as members. But this effort proved unsuccessful with these colleges raising various doubts about the scheme.Principal of Malabar Christian College Gladys P Isaac said her college had never opposed the scheme. \"We only need some clarifications on the modalities of the scheme and the administrative power of member colleges in the cluster,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16607691", "title": "Goa Common Entrance Test, go! But not for BPharm, BE admissions", "text": "PANAJI: Goan aspirants for medicine and dentistry seats will have to answer the national eligibility cum entrance test (NEET) from March 2013 and not the Goa Common Entrance Test (GCET), as per the state government's decision. But the GCET will still be held in March 2013 for admissions to engineering and pharmacy seats in Goa, sources said.The state government has decided that the Goa students will skip the common national entrance test for admissions to engineering colleges to be held by the central government from 2013. The state will join the national test from 2014 onwards, source said.The year 2013 is set to be a milestone year for 18-year-old students in India. The Union human resource development ministry is introducing the centralized common entrance examinations for engineering, science and medical undergraduate courses in the country. This will save students the trouble of appearing for multiple tests held on multiple dates in different institutions and universities.Presently, a Goan student who wants to enter an Indian Institute of Technology has to answer the GCET as well as the entrance test held by the IITs to know if he is eligible for one or both. The system will continue in 2013 in the state, but from 2014 Goa students will be able to take the national entrance test and know if they are eligible for Goa seats and national seats at the same time.Delaying the test for one year will give engineering aspirants in Goa time to prepare for the new system.The idea behind the national test is not only to tap wastage of physical and financial resources due to the multiplicity of the tests, but the new test will also help examine a student's ability to comprehend, analyse, reason and solve problems without adopting meaningless rote methods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16607756", "title": "Bermo bomb targeted Mahto?", "text": "BOKARO: Police have recovered a 25 kg improvised explosive device (IED) planted under a culvert on a busy road of Bhandaridah-Alargo of Bermo subdivision here on Saturday. The recovery was made a day after a local court awarded life sentence to six persons holding them guilty for the killing of Dumri legislator Jagganath Mahto's brother Ganesh.Although police are yet to ascertain whether the bomb was planted by the Maoists or any other criminal gang, residents suspect that the IED was planted by Mahto's enemies to take revenge.This is the first time when a live bomb has been recovered on this route, in Chandrapura police station area, which is rarely used by security personnel for the anti-Maoist operations. The spot where the IED has been recovered is about 1km from Mahto's residence. The MLA had crossed the area a few hours before the recovery. The IED was seen first by two people who were picking leaves for their cattle near the spot. They detected the wire first and later found the explosive before raising an alarm.Mahto, however, said police were investigating the case and would soon identify those who had planted the IED. Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said, \"The IED is about 25 kg and is very powerful. Police have also recovered wire attached to it.\"Bomb disposal squad will defuse the bomb and assess the design of its manufacturing to find out whether it was planted by the Maoists or not. \"We are investigating on different points to solve the case,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16607698", "title": "Juvenile court warrant against cop for torturing minor", "text": "BOKARO: Juvenile Justice Board of the district has issued a warrant against officer in-charge of City police station Ramod Kumar Singh for assaulting a minor in custody and failing to appear before it after being summoned twice in this connection.The minor had complained t the principal magistrate of the board that he was kept in custody for over 49 hours after his arrestby a team from the City police station. He was then taken to another police station where he was hung upside down with a rope and beaten up severely. The medical report showed the victim suffered from severe body ache.Bokaro SP to whom the Board has sent the warrant asking him to comply against Singh, said he had no information on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16616475", "title": "Police action after attack on CM Nitish Kumar's cavalcade", "text": "PATNA: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) constituted to probe into the attack on the cavalcade of chief minister Nitish Kumar in Khagaria on Friday has been asked to investigate the entire episode from different angles including conspiracy and find out if the attack was spontaneous or pre planned and, if so, who were behind the planning. The SIT will be headed by SP rail Shiv Kumar Jha.Stones were hurled at the motorcade of Nitish when he was going to address a public meeting in Khagaria in course of his Adhikar yatra for drumming support for Adhikar rally to be held in Patna on November 4 to press for grant of special category status to Bihar. The stones hit the CM's car and the windscreen of the car of DGP Abhyanand was smashed in the attack. The stones were hurled from the roof of a students' hostel, said Khagaria SP Mithu Kumar.However, much before the SIT start probe, at least 18 policemen in Khagaria mainly sub-inspectors and constables have already been suspended by the SP on charges of dereliction of duty or absence from their places of posting.Water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary and senio0r JD(U) leader Sanjay Jha who were accompanying the CM at that time suspected the role of opposition parties behind the attack. \"Some people associated with RJD, LJP and a little known local party headed by convicted ex MP Pappu Yadav are suspected to be involved in the attack,\" said Jha.The SIT has been directed to find out the mobile location of certain politicians at the time of the attack. \"The manner in which the big size stones were kept on the roof top of some buildings suggests that it was a pre planned attack,\" said a senior police official. Minister Choudhary claimed, \"It was a well-orchestrated murderous attempt.\" Agriculture minister Narendra Singh alleged, \"RJD chief Lalu Prasad is instigating the anti-social elements to create disturbance in the CM's meetings.\"The leaders of the opposition parties asserted that it was the result of the public anger against the Nitish government and different section of people were staging protests during CM's meetings. State RJD chief Ram Chandra Purbe condemned the 'repressive' measures in arresting the protesting teachers and filing cases against workers of opposition parties. He said only in Supaul, case under section 107 have been filed against 926 political workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16614862", "title": "Diluter abuse on the rise in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida police have identified three sectors - sector 16, Harola Market in sector 5 and sector 62 - as areas where use of diluters as a drug amongst children is being encouraged by criminal elements. The police have found 'bars' operating out of these sectors where diluters are being sold to children to sniff for a sum as little as Rs 50. According to child rights' activists, three out of every four children who comes into police custody on charges of juvenile delinquency and crimes are found to be under the influence of these drugs.Police officials said that in the past areas, they have come across a number of cases involving children where they have committed petty crimes to finance their drug addiction. \"These cases have been concentrated in these three areas in Noida. All three areas have heavy coexistence of people from the lower socio-economic strata alongside richer individuals and families. This is a major factor,\" said a senior police official.Child rights activists working in the district said that in most of these cases the children have committed crimes out of desperation to fund their addiction. \"They get introduced to the drug at a very early age. Once they are hooked they are exploited by others to commit crimes,\" said Satya Prakash of FXB Suraksha-Childline.Childline is a union government initiative working in the district to safe guard child rights and according to their research there exist a number of small \"bars\" that give out diluters to children for a price. \"\"They operate out of small houses in places such as Harola Market. Here a lady who works like a bartender provides diluters to children for sniffing at small prices,\"\" said an official of Childline.According to the police, the problem with taking action against these dens is two fold. Firstly, these dens are highly temporary and can shift from one location to another very quickly. And secondly, the children, who are addicted todiluters, need long term treatment and counselling that the district is currently not equipped to handle. \"For a long term solution, it is essential that the children who are addicted are handled in a sensitive manner. Their addiction is a serious one and it needs to be treated. The children need to be taken to a de-addiction centre along with counselling,\" added Satya Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612421", "title": "Justin Timberlake is `fan of tequila'", "text": "Justin Timberlake has revealed that he is a big fan of tequila, even though he is spotted at NBA games swilling light beer.\"Every time I've been photographed at a Lakers game, it's with a Coors Light in my hand,\" the New York Post quoted him as telling Bon Appetit.\"But I'm a big fan of tequila,\" he said.He also shares his recipes for hosting the perfect party \u2014 including a recipe for a tequila cocktail, the Pepino \u2014 and his playlist selections (\"a 25-song set of Gap Band and S.O.S. Band . . . then bridge that into Radiohead and the Strokes\").", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16607711", "title": "Policy row: Baga may get few more shacks", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Saturday indicated that some kind of relaxation may be given for more shacks on Baga beach. CCTVs in shacks may also be re-considered. But the government may not agree to double the deck beds per shack.Speaking to STOI after visiting the beach, Parrikar said, \"Minor adjustments to the policy can always be carried out subject to the adjustments being within the parameters of the policy.\"He said he had inspected the beach with the tourism minister and Calangute MLA as \"they (shack owners) wanted me to\". \"Whatever has been inspected, can be discussed. As of now, there is no change in policy. If someone is giving a reasonable logic, then we may consider (some changes),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606838", "title": "CoP-11 beautification works likely to continue till October 8", "text": "HYDERABAD: With works taken up for the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CoP-11) yet to be finished, civic officials are planning to continue them even after October 1, the day the international conference kicks off in the city.As of now, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) is trying to finish the work in and around HICC which is the CoP-11 venue and the connecting roads. The remaining works, especially near tourist places, would be completed by October 8.GHMC officials said though CoP-11 begins on October 1, actual sessions would begin only on October 8 and important dignitaries like Prime Minister Manmohan Singh would participate in the high-level segment scheduled to be held from October 17. The officials want to complete the incomplete works during the cushion time of one week.For instance, works on roads from Golconda Fort to Langar Houz and Quli Qutub Shahi Tombs to Tolichowki were taken up for recarpeting and repairing the drains and footpaths. However, not even 50% of the work is finished. Similarly, road signs are yet to be erected at some places as cranes were not available due to Ganesh immersion and these works would start only after September 30. \"Some works would take another three to four days for completion. The corporation will complete them in the first week of October,\" GHMC chief engineer K Suresh Kumar told STOI. The corporation is also struggling to complete works on connecting roads like Road No. 36, 39 and 45 of Jubilee Hills and finishing touches were being given to roads in and around NAC and HICC. Officials hope the works would be completed by night of September 30. The repairs on the service road from mini Charminar to NAC have already been dropped as it would take more time. Signages on 18 corridors were proposed, but due to a problem with the contractor, it was limited to only two corridors\u2014 Banjara Hills to HICC and Mehdipatnam to Tolichowki. Some signage cantilevers were not taken up due to utilities and seepage under the road.As part of the CoP-11 works, repairs were taken up on 22 roads to a length of 125 kms leading to the venue of the conference, hotels where delegates would stay, and historical places. While most of the roads belong to GHMC, some like the Begumpet-Masab Tank stretch via Road No. 1 belongs to the roads and buildings (R&B;) department and Punjagutta-Afzalgunj road belongs to the National Highways Authority of India and have been taken up for repair works. On these R&B; and NH stretches, the corporation has taken up beautification works.GHMC had taken up 62 stretches for recarpeting BT roads at a cost of Rs 62 crores. They have also tried to improve the storm water drains at 57 locations at a cost of Rs 35 crore. Rs 20 crore was spend on junction improvement, lane marking, art works, scrap works, murals and painting, remodeling of central median and traffic islands and improvement of 52 sidewalks (footpath). Adding signages to this list brings up the cost to about Rs 130 crore.Meanwhile, beautification works like greenery and lighting by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) between Shamshabad and Aramghar, PVNR Expressway, Gachibowli-Shamshabad, Outer Ring Road (ORR), median beautification works and lake cleaning at Durgam Chervu were completed. \"Some leftover works on Necklace Road, Jalavihar and NTR Marg will be completed in two days,\" HMDA metropolitan commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "amravati/akola", "code": "16607735", "title": "Six meet watery grave during immersion", "text": "AMRAVATI/AKOLA: Six persons met watery grave in different parts of Amravati and Akola districts on Saturday.Three persons drowned in two separate incidents of Ganesh immersion. Awadhoot Pawar and Mangesh Chavan, residents of Elkipurna village in Achalpur tehsil, died when they lost control and fell into river near Purna village. In another incident Kishor Chavan and Mayur Hutke were swept away in Chandrabhaga river during immersion. Some onlookers immediately fished them out but Kishor died while Mayur is battling for his life in a rural hospital.Elsewhere, two boys drowned in Pedhi river at Kund village. A Government Polytechnic student Mayur Meshram and Rajesh Dongre - residents of Kund - had gone for a swim in Pedhi river. When Shrikrishna Kevat saw the boys drowning, he jumped into the river and took out Mayur. But he could not find Rajesh. Despite Kevat's courage, Mayur died. After Kevat reported the matter to police, some divers were summoned to fish out Rajesh's body. But his body was not found till filing of this report.In Akola, Ajay Khade, a resident of Patur in Akola district, died during Ganesh immersion in Deogaon lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16615034", "title": "PCMC to hold workshop for prevention of maternal deaths", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation(PCMC) will be organising a workshop to generate awareness among private general practitioners for prevention of maternal deaths in Pimpri Chinchwad city.A proposal in this regard will be tabled at the meeting of the standing committee to be held on Tuesday. The proposal states that the state government has issued directives that all maternal deaths must be reviewed. A committee presided by the semi medical surgeon and municipal health officer must review the maternal deaths and submit the report to municipal commissioner.Kamal Yadav, senior medical officer , PCMC said, \"\"The women belonging to lower social strata or living in slums take medical treatment from family doctors who are not gynaecologists. The general practitioners do not know how to handle the complications during the delivery as a result there is a delay in diagnosing the problem and referring them to the gynaecologists. So this causes maternal deaths which can be avoided if proper medical care is given on times. So we intend to organise this workshop next month after the approval of the standing committee to sensitise the general practitioners about the complications in the delivery process and early referring the pregnant women to a trained gynaecologist for safety of mother. \"\"The workshop will be held in association with Indian Medical Association(IMA) and National Integrated Medical Association (NIMA).The workshop will be held for around 100 private practitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16607774", "title": "Contractor shot at on way to office", "text": "RANCHI: Unidentified gunmen on Saturday shot at contractor Syed Javed Bakar at the crowded Kanke Road when the 40-year-old was going to the CPWD office on his motorcycle.Bakar, who was shot at his back, was rushed to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) and his condition is said to be critical. Witnesses said two motorcycles-borne assailants shot at Bakar from behind and sped away. \"Raids are on to nab the criminals,\" said rural SP A V Minz. Bakar revealed to police names of three prime suspects. \"We have got some information which is being investigated,\" a police officer said.Sources said Bakar had applied for a tender for construction of a boundary wall of a CPWD office at a low rate. \"His rivals were upset with his action. It might have prompted them to use criminal forces,\" a source said.In a similar incident on Wednesday, gunmen had shot at one Kundan Singh at Birsa Chowk. However, the bullets hit his palm. The incident exposed the weak link in the city's security arrangement. During his interrogation Singh, who was in jail on a murder chargefor allegedly killing a businessman Arvind Kumar Singh in 2010, revealed hthe suspect's name.provided the cops with names of the persons whom he suspected behind the shootout. \"No one was arrested so far in connection to the case. Neither has anyone been detained,\" said a police officer of Doranda police officer.City SP Vipul Shukla said investigations are on for the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610706", "title": "Marriage will get best of Justin: Joey Fatone", "text": "Former N Sync member Joey Fatone has said that his old band mate Justin Timberlake will be a great husband to Jessica Biel , as he is he's just going to be himself.The 35-year-old singer said Timberlake and Biel know each other so well that they're destined to stay together.\"Not much is going to change. He's a great dude, and he's very focused on what he does and everything else, and I'm sure this will bring out the best,\" People magazine quoted him, as saying when he brought his daughters Briahna and Kloey to see Batman Live in Los Angeles.\"He's been with her for a long time, so it's basically a piece of paper.\"That's what me and my wife [Kelly Baldwin] were like, and we've been together over 18 years now,\" he said.When asked what advice he'd give the 'Social Network' actor, who recently enjoyed a bachelor party in Las Vegas and Mexico, he said, \"just enjoy life, because it goes by way too fast.\"\"Look, I have an 11-year-old and a 2-year-old, and that just shows how quickly it goes,\" he added. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606898", "title": "Tax dept goes easy on textile traders", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the government is dilly dallying in bringing changes to the law regarding imposition of VAT on textiles, traders have found some breathing space as the Commercial Taxes Department (CTD) has decided to go easy on them until the government takes action. Businessmen have so far complained that some officials have been detaining bales on pretext of non-payment of tax.Five per cent VAT imposed by the state government in the middle of last year drew strong opposition from the traders. After more than a year of protest the traders got the government to agree to their proposal of replacing VAT with a one per cent turn over tax. The government reportedly agreed to it in April this year. However it was not until August end that the cabinet gave its nod to the proposal after an initial opposition from some quarters. But an ordinance, which was expected within a week of the cabinet nod, is yet to be passed.The commercial taxes department (CTD) which until a month ago insisted that the traders comply with existing norms of paying five per cent VAT has softened its stand. Sources say after the cabinet nod and complaints from traders, particularly those from the districts, about field level officials harassing traders by detaining bales and demanding payment of VAT along with penalty, the department has cut traders some slack.\"Though the situation right now is better for traders compared to what it was, the government's delay is frustrating. The traders have agreed to register with the CTD and pay turn over tax from April 1 this year. The traders were promised speedy resolution of the issue after the approval of their proposal,\" said a trade source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16607669", "title": "Sudip Tamankar attracts high court rap", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Friday imposed costs of 20,000 against Sudip Tamankar, now a Congress spokesman, for filing a PIL seeking a direction from the court to the government to initiate an inquiry into the appointment of Ashok Anandrao Bhonsale as assistant motor vehicles inspector in 1977. Four months back, the petitioner had challenged Bhonsale's appointment made 35 years ago.Bhonsale, who is presently holding charge of deputy director of transport, (South Goa), is due to retire on September 30. While dismissing the petition, the high court directed Tamankar to pay costs of 10,000 to the state government and 10,000 to Bhonsale, within 12 weeks.A division bench comprising Justice S J Vazfidar and Justice U V Bakre observed thus: 'Considering the not very tenable grounds on which the appointment of Bhonsale has been challenged, and considering the fact that the challenge comes 35 years after the appointment of Bhonsale to the post and only four months before his retirement, we are unable to dismiss Bhonsale's allegations that this petition is motivated and has been filed malafide at the instance of one Sudesh R Kalangutkar,' The court also held that in any event at the time of his appointment, Bhonsale had the requisite driving licences.Referring to a Supreme Court judgment, the high court noted that it is necessary to impose exemplary costs in the facts of the present case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16608404", "title": "UPA goes from gloom to glee after Supreme Court\u2019s 2G order", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seldom has in the history of judiciary a single case like the 2G scam has been the cause for such despair and delight for the ruling party in the Supreme Court.The transformation of mood in the corridors of power within a brief span of seven months \u2014 between February and September, 2012 \u2014 was painful, pyrrhic yet meaningful.The hammer fell straight and hard on the UPA government, when on February 2 a two-judge SC bench headed by Justice GS Singhvi cancelled the 122 spectrum licences ruling that these were arbitrarily allocated to cellphone service providers during A Raja's tenure as telecom minister.Worse, the bench's judgment tested the government's nerves when it said auction was the best and only route for allocation of natural resources to weed out possible mischief of corruption and favouritism.The February 2 judgment sent out two messages. First, the PM's annoyance over the manner of allocation of spectrum did not deter a minister from doing what he wanted. Second, the executive needed to scrap a whole range of statutorily provided allotment process it had traditionally and historically been using for distribution of scarce natural resources.The legal brains among the Cabinet knew that the SC could not have intended to extend its auction mandate from the tainted spectrum licences to other natural resources. But, the multiplicity of scams had robbed the government off its moral fibre to work out a studied strategy to counter the perceived \"auction only\" mandate.The government hurriedly filed a petition seeking review of the 2G judgment. But as is the norm, the review petition came up for hearing before a bench headed by Justice Singhvi, who said the court understood the anxiety of the executive on issues relating to mining and other natural resources but wanted to know whether the Centre was serious to seek review of the direction to auction cancelled spectrum licenses.The government blinked as the India Against Corruption (IAC) agitation was at its peak and gave an undertaking to implement court's direction for auction of spectrum licences in letter and spirit. Later, the Centre withdrew the review petition finding it to be a procedural impediment in approaching the court to seek comprehensive review of the 2G judgment through presidential reference.The President, under Article 143 of the Constitution, raised a doubt whether there was a direction by the apex court in 2G judgment for auction of all natural resources and if so, whether it resulted in intruding into the executive's exclusive domain for formulation of policies.The reference served two purposes. First, the issue shifted from the two-Judge bench to a five-Judge constitution bench, which did not include the Judges who had rendered the 2G judgment. Second, it gave a fresh opportunity to the government to explain in detail the pitfalls of \"auction only\" route for all natural resources.When the arguments were going on and the way the five-judge bench was questioning, it appeared to be a tough call which was the court would answer the President's doubt. But, as it happened, on September 27 the constitution bench not only accepted every argument of Attorney General G E Vahanvati, but also importantly said that the 2G bench did not direct \"auction only\" route for all natural resources.A \"didn't-I-tell-you-so\" high fives went up in the circles of Cabinet ministers, who had braved a lot of criticism to suggest the presidential reference route for emerging out of the 2G abyss.The success typically erases the past follies and generates a confidence, which the government is experiencing. So much so that, it says except for the 122 spectrum licences, which had to be auctioned as per the mandate of the 2G judgment, there is nothing to bind the government to the auction route for future allocations of spectrum, be it 3G or 4G.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16608857", "title": "Two more test +ve for swine flu", "text": "BHOPAL: Two more persons tested positive for swine flu in the state capital while 20 fresh samples of suspected H1N1 cases from here were sent to ICMR laboratory Jabalpur for tests on Saturday. So far 42 people have tested positive for H1N1 contagion in the city, resulting in 10 deaths in the city.Health officials said, the condition of about a dozen swine flu victims remained critical. However, a woman who died on Friday in a city hospital, tested negative for swine flu.MP integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP) in charge Dr K K Thassu said, \"We are hopeful that the dip in number of cases would be witnessed in the coming week.\" Meanwhile, experts like Dr Thassu maintain that H1N1 is now endemic, which means it, spreads amidst a particular group - family and relatives of the infected patient.He said that the only sure cure 'Tamiflu' is being administered to patients who are termed suspected or positive for the H1N1 contagion. In most cases relatives of victims too, were given the preventive treatment\"\"Respiratory hygiene is necessary. We have sufficient stock of medicines,\" said district chief medical and health officer Dr Pankaj Shukla.Quarantine guideline violationsCall it being apprehensive about being isolated or just avoiding the hospital they work in. Two employees of JP hospital including a doctor who have been suspected of swine flu, refused to be placed under quarantine in the government run hospital.\"According to guidelines prophylactic (preventive) treatment has to be administered under hospital quarantine conditions and C category samples patients has to be admitted to a hospital,\" said a health official. However, JP hospital superintendent Dr Veena Sinha when was not available for comment.Symptoms of H1N1H1NI infection produces symptoms similar to that of common flu - high-grade fever, running nose, sore throat, body ache, diarrhoea and vomiting.Experts advice screening swine flu test if such symptoms persist.Wash hands frequently and maintain a distance from any patient who suffers from high fever.CM reviews situationChief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan sought information about steps taken by the health department regarding prevention and treatment of swine flu. Chouhan has said that an effective strategy should be chalked out to deal with swine flu, according to a press release.Principal secretary (health) Praveer Krishna informed that adequate stock of medicines for treating swine flu is available at all the development blocks. He said that isolation wards have been set up in all the district hospitals, medical colleges and 40 private hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16606990", "title": "\u2018NGOs can help with implementing schemes\u2019", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: NGOs should play a crucial role in implementing government schemes and projects, district collector V Seshadri told representatives of various NGOs at the ZP here on Saturday. He noted that the administration too on its part would not just welcome NGO participation but would also facilitate a broad participative environment for the NGOs to help execute various development activities in their capacity.The administrative head of the district said that NGOs could help identify and deal with problems at the grassroot level and could actually enable the state administer better when it comes to various activities such as improving drinking water supply, create awareness on hygiene and better agriculture practices. The collector further added that the NGOs could help the government follow up on the NREGS and its implementation by making micro level studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16608882", "title": "Indoreans keep age-old tradition rolling", "text": "INDORE: Indore's age old tradition came alive on Saturday when a procession with colourful floats depicting social and burning issues passed through various parts of the city as a part of the the Anant Chaturdashi celebrations. A large number of people from city and nearby areas turned up to witness the spectacular procession that had dozens of floats.The procession representing 12 governments, private and social institutions, started from Bhandari Mill. Floats from different areas joined in the procession that culminated at Shram Shivir main road. The prominent ones included a float by Hukumchand Mill that started from Sheelnath Camp, a float by Rajkumar Mill that started from Rajkumar Mill over-bridge and Malwa Mill float that started from Malwa Mill crossing. Floats by Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC), Indore Development Authority (IDA), Khajarana Mandir, Gurukul Sidanth Ashram and Digambar Jain Mahasamiti that started from DRP Line and joined the procession at Shram Shivir Main Road, attracted the people. Floats from Shram Shivir Main Road were led by the one by Khajrana Ganesh Mandir and were followed by floats of IDA, Bhandari Mill, IMC, Klayan Mill, Sainath Seva Samiti, Nanada Nagar Shahkari Sanshtha, Malwa Mill, Swadeshi Mill, Rajkumar Mill, Hukumchand Mill, Digambar Jain Mahasamiti and Om Gurukul Siddant Ashram.It was for the first time when Jain community has also participated in the procession. Along with the floats, performers and stuntmen of various Akhadas too joined in.Senior officials of district administration and police were present along with battery of police force to ensure peace and order. To keep eye on the procession route, administration had prepared 13 watch towers each having a police officer of a senior rank, officer from district administration and a doctor. The procession concluded peacefully in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16617282", "title": "Leaders of Telangana march ask protesters to stay put at venue", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Joint Action Committee (JAC) has asked its supporters to stay put at the venue of the 'Telangana march' here to pressurise the government for announcement of a separate state.Addressing the Telangana supporters gathered at the Necklace Road at Hussain Sagar lake here for Sunday's march, JAC chairman M Kodandaram asked them to stay on.\"We are asking for announcement of road map on accepting the Telangana demand. Let's sit here as long as we can. We are not troubling anybody by sitting here,\" he said.State ministers from Telangana region can also put pressure on the government by threatening to quit, he added.Kodandaram demanded that government release all those who were nabbed while trying to reach Hyderabad to attend the march.The government had given permission to the march from 3pm to 7pm, but Telangana supporters did not leave afterwards, braving rain as well as water cannons and tear gas.Violent incidents were witnessed during the day as the Telangana supporters marched towards the venue, violating prohibitory orders and security restrictions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610790", "title": "Elvis Presley's daughter selling fish and chips", "text": "Elvis Presley's daughter Lisa Marie has been selling fish and chips from the back of a friend's van in the sleepy East Sussex village of Rotherfield where she lives.It is the latest example of the 44-year-old singer, and her guitarist husband, California native Michael Lockwood, embracing local life since moving to the village in southeast England, two years ago.Her secret fish-and-chip gig has made her friends , Kim and Justin Scales, who run the business, very happy.Kim, who also runs a local pub, the Kings Arms, said Presley could not wait to don an apron to serve customers.\"She likes to see how we live and experience it,\" the New York Daily News quoted her, as telling Kent and Sussex Courier.\"We were laughing because the customers didn't know it was her. She really enjoyed it.\"Whatever she says she is going to do, she does it. It was the funniest thing. We all did this run and no one knew who she was,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16607814", "title": "Legal nod for unapproved plots soon", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government is likely to provide a one-time relief to unauthorized residential layouts in the state through a regularisation scheme.The two regulatory agencies - the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) and the Directorate of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) - and departments of municipal administration and rural development are involved in drafting the scheme. \"It will be rolled out in the next three months,\" said an official.While regularizing old unapproved layouts, developed prior to a cutoff date, the government will also take stringent action against those who continue to churn out layouts, violating rules.Promotion of residential layouts without CMDA or DTCP approval is a flourishing business in many outlying areas Chennai, Kancheepuram, Tiruvallur and Vellore districts. It not only denies the government levies due to it, but also throws to the wind all norms prescribed for road width and earmarking space for social infrastructure in a residential layout. The trend gained alarming proportions in recent years owing to the real estate boom.Some of these layouts were promoted by housing societies, while most were promoted by private real estate firms. Elected representatives in local panchayats, assuming the role of the CMDA and DTCP, issued approvals at will to many layout promoters. And gullible customers, without realizing that panchayats have no powers to approve such layouts, ended up investing huge money.In one case, at least 800 members of the OMR Gandhi Nagar Plot Owners' Welfare Association in Semmanchery were taken for a ride by a popular cooperative housing society in 2002. Worse, they are still not able to construct a single building there for want of approval. If they had the regulatory body's approval, each ground would have fetched up to 50 lakh (one ground is 2,400 sq ft). Once the plots were sold, the Gandhi Nagar Cooperative Housing Society, the promoter, told the owners to get approvals from the regulatory bodies individually. With no option left, the members got their plots regularized in 2002, when the special regularisation scheme was introduced by the previous AIADMK government. \"But our ordeal continued as the Madras HC struck down the regularisations done in 2000 and 2002,\" said Manickam Nachiappan, secretary of Gandhi Nagar Plot Owners Association. Now, the monitoring committee, appointed by the Madras high court to look into regularisation of buildings built after 1999, is flooded with applications seeking approvals for unauthorised plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608877", "title": "Why this sudden solid haste management?", "text": "Just two years ago, I pointed out a number of flaws in the BBMP's solid waste management contracts, and asked whether they could be fixed by revising the agreements with the contractors. The answer I got was, \"These contracts are for 20+ years, we can't do anything until the end of the contract period.\"Well, think again. Now, thanks to a court order, a closed landfill, and activism from communities around the city, the 20-year contract is not worth the paper it is written on. But rather than learn a few lessons from this, BBMP is trying to recycle its old cozy arrangements between its staff and contractors.There are several things wrong with the way BBMP and the state government are responding to recent developments. Unless these are fixed now, it will be another round of 'haste makes waste' for the city.It's extremely revealing that the Council's first response is to try to tender new contracts for SWM. What's the rush? Can we not wait to collect data about the problem, and develop a proper response to it? Can we not ask citizens to give their inputs ? Why not check how prepared industry and communities are? Why is BBMP so keen to put the 'money and deals' part of the package first?The answer is obvious, especially when we notice the secrecy accompanying the rush. There's money in the trash, and in our politics, money moves a lot of things. The quantum of money at stake is roughly Rs 600-800 crores a year. We can surely wait and figure out what is the right thing to do, which involves two important principles --( a) do things locally and with community support, and (b) ensure that producers are also brought into the lifecycle management.If we have the opportunity to do the right thing today, it is partly because local communities began segregating and recycling waste without waiting for the BBMP. They are the pioneers of social change. BBMP's new contract must be restructured to give communities more direct control over the contractors. The tender currently reads like an agreement between BBMP and the service providers only, with communities cut out from the picture. Also, it must be written explicitly into the contracts that the waste 'belongs' to communities and the city, but not to contractors.So far, BBMP has barely scratched the surface of engaging with citizens and their programmes. For any SWM scheme to work, we must ensure the market for recyclables is prepared to accept a surge in inflow, and that proper procedures for handling recycled materials are in place.Given this, what the city council and state government can do today is accept that the old game is up, and try to win points on performance and accountability . Otherwise, officials will tell us once again, after this flawed tender is approved, that \"nothing can be done for the next 20+ years\".Ashwin Mahesh is a member of ABIDe, and researcher at the Centre for Public Policy at IIM-Bangalore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16615346", "title": "Afghan school involved in brawl to be barred from Subroto Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: The organisers of Subroto Cup football tournament on Sunday decided to bar the school from Afghanistan, whose player had injured the referee in a match on Friday, but said they would not take further action \"as it involves diplomatic issues\".Subroto Cup tournament coordinator V N Singh told PTI that the Afghanistan team -- Esteqlal High School -- has tendered a written apology to the organisers and they are closing the issue.\"The team has tendered a written apology that they are sorry about the incident. The officials from Afghanistan Embassy also had a meeting with the chairman of the Subroto Cup Organising Committee and they have requested to end the matter,\" he said.\"What can we do? The incident was a horrible one and we have decided that this school will never be invited in future and the coach will not be allowed to take part in future tournaments also,\" he said.\"So, we have decided not to go beyond banning this team from future tournaments. Any other team from Afghanistan can take part. Ultimately, it involves diplomatic issues and we had invited them as goodwill gesture as part of India's good relations with Afghanistan,\" he added.The incident happened during the second half of the quarter-final match between Esteqlal High School, Afghanistan, and Ukraine's Dynamo Kyiv as FIFA referee Armughan Rowan was attacked by an Afghan player for showing the south Asian nation their third red card.As the 31-year-old Rowan, who will join the Asian Football Confederation's Elite panel next year, flashed the third red card, the Afghan U-17 players protested and one of them hit the referee that left him badly injured. He was taken to a nearby hospital where he received treatment.The tournament is being organised by the Air Force Sports Control Board and foreign teams are normally invited as a gesture of goodwill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607900", "title": "Man run over by car, family alleges murder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 40-year-old man was run over by a speeding car near Sanand on Friday night. While police earlier registered a case for accidental death, the deceased man's relatives claim it was murder and have registered a complaint against the driver for an intentional collision.Ishwar Thakor, a resident of Melaj village near Viramgam, died soon after being hit by a speeding Hyundai Santro near Virochannagar Patiya at 9.30 pm on Friday. Thakor, 40, was allegedly hit by Ajmal Desai, a resident of the same village who he was at loggerheads with.\"The bone of contention was a piece of land on the outskirts of Melaj, which both Thakor and Desai claimed to own, citing that the community had given the land to their ancestors. When talks didn't yield a result, the matter was taken to the local panchayat. The meeting, which took place a fortnight ago, however, became stormy as Desai's men assaulted their opponents with sharp weapons,\" said a Sanand police official. Officials said Desai was declared absconding by Viramgam police which investigated the case.Thakor had gone to Khoraj village near Sanand to meet his sister on Friday and was returning to Melaj. He was crossing the highway near Virochannagar crossing when he was hit by Desai's car. tnn\"The car plowed straight into Thakor who was flung far and sustained severe head injuries. He died on the spot before medical help could arrive. His relatives, who rushed to the spot, identified the car as Desai's and said in their complaint that it was an intentional murder. We have not established the driver's identity so far but the search for Desai is on,\" said N S Malek, inspector of Sanand police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607934", "title": "Woman files complaint for cheating by immigration agent", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman from Satellite resident has filed a complaint against three immigration agents for duping her of Rs 15.60 lakh.Complainant Janki Patel, a resident of Agman Flat, Jodhpur, has alleged that Nina Sharma, Ravi Punjabi, whose addresses are not known, and Apoorva Joshi, a resident of Sun City, Bopal, had cheated her between April and August this year.Patel said she had approached Across Immigration, a firm run by Joshi near Prahladnagar Garden, in April after an advertisement for immigration to Canada. Joshi and two others convinced her that they can get her visa for Canada and also get her job in a hotel through their contacts. Believing them, she submitted her papers and paid them Rs 15.60 lakh in instalments. However, as per her complaint, the trio cheated her and did not get her visa as promised,\" said an Anandnagar police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16616050", "title": "Paramilitary forces coming to maintain law and order in Cauvery belt", "text": "MYSORE: With the Cauvery winding its way to Tamil Nadu following Karnataka government's decision to comply with the directive of the Supreme Court, life in Cauvery belt is severely affected on Sunday with bus services to Bangalore via Mandya, the hotbed of agitation, withdrawn and vehicular traffic disrupted following protests against the state and Union governments.One company of BSF is arriving in the troubled region in an indication of worsening law and order situation. A company of Rapid Action Force (RAF), the striking force, too will join the Southern Range, which is getting additional cops from Central, Eastern and Northern ranges.With farmers launching a series of agitation in Mandya district, traffic along Mysore-Bangalore expressway was thrown out of gear. The cops are keeping a tight vigil at KRS and Kabini dams from where water was released at 12.30 am.Notwithstanding prohibitory orders, which were imposed late on Saturday night ahead of the water release to preempt farmers from gathering at the site, agitators gathered near KRS dam in an act of defiance. Led by Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha leader and former MLA K S Puttannaiah, some 400 farmers staged a sit-in before being arrested. They were later released. At H D Kote, farmers were stopped from reaching Kabini dam site by a strong posse of police and arrested and released. However, the farmers have said they will continue the agitation.Southern Range IGP K Ramachandra Rao said the situation is under control. There are no untoward incident except for road blockades. \"We are getting a company of BSF, which will assist the cops,\" he told TOI. A company of RAF too is arriving, he stated adding they will be stationed at Mandya and Mysore.Mandya police have thrown a security cover around KRS dam which witnessed midnight protest before the water was released as agitators led by JD(S) MLC C S Puttaraju tried to storm the dam. They were taken into preventive custody. Cops have taken over the KRS and Kabini dams following the state government's decision to release water to Tamil Nadu.Early in the morning as the news started to spread , there were widespread protests in Mandya district with farmers blocking Mysore-Bangalore expressway. At 6 am, villagers of Gejjalagere near Maddur blocked the highway and started cooking on the road. They shared the food with the stranded passengers. The road blockades continued all along the stretch and across the district. The agitators targeted trains too with Bangalore-bound Tipu Express detained at Mandya station for 10 minutes. The railway police removed the agitators who laid on the rails and cleared the tracks. Education institutions will remain closed on Monday in Mandya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608739", "title": "Producer Vijaya Kumar elected Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce president", "text": "BANGALORE: Producer B Vijaya Kumar was elected as president of the Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce (KFCC) on Saturday. In the polls, he defeated B N Gangadhar and Rajendra Singh Babu. KFCC, which has 1,300 voters, reserves the president's post on rotation for producer, exhibitor and distributor categories. The office-bearers elected in the polls are: Ganesh A, Rajshekar and G K Kutti (secretaries); Narasimhan, Banakar and N Kumar (vice-presidents); and Chinne Gowda (treasurer). Meanwhile, 36 executive committee members were also elected on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16615669", "title": "Highest numbers of students take CMAT on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: The first edition of this year's common management admission test (CMAT) which started on September 27 passed without almost any glitches till Sunday. Monday is the last testing period for the first edition. Most students felt that the paper was easy throughout the testing period. Maximum numbers of students took the test on Sunday, around 26% of the 60,000 registered for CMAT.Rashmi S, a student who appeared for the exam from a centre in Matunga, on the first day said, \"The section on mathematics and general knowledge was slightly on the tougher side, but overall it was simple and easy to crack.\"After the first two slots, SS Mantha, the chairman of the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE), which conducts CMAT, said, \"The exam went off smoothly at all the 67 centres across 53 cities in the country. Most numbers of test takers were from Mumbai.\" Pune and Ahmedabad had higher numbers of candidates taking the exam, after Mumbai.Pravir Arora, executive vice-president of Aptech, the technical support for CMAT, said, \"Most of the days the attendance was around 90%. On Sunday, around 92% of students registered for the day, took the test.\" He added that highest numbers of students registered for the weekend slots - on Saturday and Sunday. This year, CMAT would be conducted twice. The current session, which started today and will end on October 1, is the first edition for this year. The second edition will be conducted later in the year. Students can either once or appear twice and the best of the scores will be used for the management admissions in 2013-14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16608890", "title": "Better infrastructure, will feed tourism, says minister", "text": "VARANASI: The union minister of state for tourism Subodh Kant Sahai has said the key to doubling footfall of foreign tourists in India lies with the success of Clean India campaign and betterment of basic infrastructure.Talking to reporters here after the inaugural session of International Buddhist Conclave (IBC) 2012 on Saturday, Sahai said presently, six million foreign tourists arrive in the country in a year. The country is full of potential, as apart from religious and spiritual tourism, tourists can be attracted by promoting hill, beach, sports, adventure, medical and village tourism, he said. Sahai said the country has an 8000 km coastal area, which is not being exploited properly for beach tourism. Major plans for the development of tourism sector have been included in 12th five year plan, he said.The minister said the historical city of Varanasi has huge potential to attract higher number of domestic and foreign tourists, but poor sanitation and infrastructure are proving a hurdle.He said private companies and corporate houses can help solve this problem by adopting particular areas and shrines as under corporate social responsibility.He also emphasised on following public private partnership (PPP) models for cleanliness arrangements. However, when his attention was drawn towards the failure of union government sponsored solid waste management project, sanctioned for the city under Jawaharlal Nahru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), he put the ball into the state government's court, and sought a reply. He said better cleanliness in Varanasi can increase tourist flow by up to 10 times.The minister also announced the construction of new ghats along the Ganga in the name of Lord Buddha and Sant Kabir. He said an individual who owns a huge piece of land along the river had expressed interest in gifting the land for the construction of the ghats. He asked the district administration to show seriousness in this regard and materialise the plan. He said that the works on 74 km road between Hata Kahli and Kushinara with a budget of Rs 300 crore, funded by JICA, would start very soon.He also said improvements in road connectivity and hospitality sector would be visible in the Buddhist circuit of UP and Bihar in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16613532", "title": "Adaa is enjoying her new look", "text": "Adaa Khan, currently seen as Amrit in Rajan Shahi's show Amrit Manthan has gone for a make over.Currently the show took a small leap of five months and Amrit is shown married to Agam ( Navi Bhangu) and thus her character has gone for a makeover.\"My current look demands me to wear a sari. Though I have always liked my look in the show whether it was those colourful salwar suits or my cow boy look for the horse riding scenes. But Saris are evergreen,\" says Adaa.She has always been in awe of yesteryear's actors like Rekha and Sridevi . \"Both of them can carry sari very elegantly with their amazing personality,\" says she. On television Adaa feels it was Kamiya Punjabi who carried her saree very gracefully. \"Saree gives you the elegant yet sensuous look.\" But there is a twist in the tale. Adaa doesn't know how to drape a sari. \"Yes I am not aware of the way, but my hair dresser helps me to drape it everyday and it takes around twenty minutes to wear it.\" Khan though misses her salwar suit look but she is also enjoying her new avatar. Her looks are often compared with yesteryear's heroine Mumtaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16616008", "title": "School students clean up Aksa and Marve beach", "text": "MUMBAI: Students of Oberoi International School conducted a clean-up drive after Ganesh Visarjan at the Aksa and Marve beach in Malad (West) on Sunday in the morning as part of their 'International Coastal Clean-Up'.The students also created awareness on various methods to save the planet by flashing posters and distributing letters to the public. The clean-up drive on Sunday was aimed at saving water which is contaminated by the general irresponsible behaviour of public at large.Around 60 students from Grades 9 -12, along with their teachers participated in the drive to contribute towards the 'International Coastal Clean-up' that happened on September 15. International Coastal Cleanup (ICC) is a global event initiated by Ocean Conservancy (OC) since 1986 that aims to engage citizens to remove trash and debris from beaches and waterways all around world.Vladimir Kuskovski, Principal of the school, \"Our institute allows the students to think, which empowers them to become global citizens who are aware of their society and eco-system. The clean-up drive gave the students a first-hand experience of the threat caused to our oceans and beaches. The initiative was taken up to expose students to the concerns and awareness towards marine pollution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16607796", "title": "Annual fest at BIT Mesra", "text": "RANCHI: Budding engineers of Birla Institute of Technology (BIT) Mesra on Saturday took part in an annual intra-college event 'Pantheon-12' organized on the premises here.The techno-cultural fest, which will continue till October 1, witnessed huge participation in the various exciting events. Technical events based on robotics, coding, electronics, mechanics and other fields were organized on the first day of the three-day long event.One of the technical events, meant for students of aerospace engineering, selected the winner on the basis of the best aerodynamic model made out of paper. Similarly, students of electric and electronic engineering were given to identify the craziest circuits and place them correctly.Organised annually, Pantheon is a competition meant to bring out the talents of the best of students in both science and arts streams. Apart from technical events, the students tried their hands in face painting, acoustic alchemy, debate, just-a-minute (JAM) and storytelling.Managed and organized by the students, the three-day event is likely to witness huge support of the students of different batches.\"We have something or the other for every student which suits best to their talent,\" said Nasim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606942", "title": "Online LPG booking to be a must soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Consumers who use LPG to run cars and have multiple connections under different names will have to be careful now, what with the authorities strictly implementing the online booking system for LPG cylinders.Once the Centre clarifies the number of subsidised cylinders for domestic users, LPG refill booking through the Interactive Voice Response System (IVRS), introduced by oil companies in February, will be implemented strictly. As per the new system, customers will be given an online number connected through their personal mobile number.The new guidelines issued by the oil companies require the consumer to book a new refill through IVRS only. The customer will type the phone number of the dealer concerned, the gas connection and other required details. A confirmation SMS will be sent to the customer's mobile with the booking status and number by the oil company. Refills would be sent to the respective dealer based only on the bookings made through IVRS.Three oil companies, Indian Oil , Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum, have been following the system but not all consumers and dealers are IVRS-connected. \"If a consumer's mobile number changes, he or she has to inform the agency about that,\" Y S Naveen, city-based HP agency dealer, told STOI.Gas dealers are now checking duplicate and unauthorised users. \"In case anybody is using a gas connection which is in the name of somebody else, he is supposed to get authorisation from the original owner to get the connection regularised,\" assistant civil supplies officer Narsing Rao said. Once consumers cross the six-cylinder quota, the online system informs him/her of the quota as well, he pointed out.\"The IVRS system is good. But companies should also allow booking to those who are not mobile-savvy,\" said Kanthamaneni Sitamani, a resident of Kukatpally. Oil companies have decided to collect Rs 827 for non-subsidy cylinders. The price for subsidised cylinder is around Rs 400. \"In the present circumstances, it is difficult for dealers to implement this price system. We are requesting the government to implement an uniform price tag for a cylinder,\" M Venkateswar Rao, state gas dealers' association president, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608401", "title": "Romeo must kill", "text": "The attraction was one-sided, but Pintu Shaikh did not care. He thought if he chased her enough 22-year-old receptionist Aarti Thakur would re lent and reciprocate his feelings. When it became clear she wasn't interested at all, Pintu plotted his revenge. One evening last February, he threw acid on his 'love' in a busy Mumbai railway station.Call it 'toxic love' or 'just not love' , ultimately, the Pintu-Aarti story is a tragedy, one that is being re-enacted nearly every day in our mohallas and malls, hostels and universities, suburbs and cyberscape. Young men and women are killing or being killed, committing suicide, going on shooting and stabbing sprees, settling scores online with morphed photos or smear campaigns abducting and murdering innocents, all with a single minded motive \u2014 revenge for unrequited or unfulfilled 'love' . \"It's more about egoism,\" says sociologist Mala Kapur Shankardass. \"The feeling such people have is 'if I cannot have her, no one should get her too'.\"While the National Capital Region has witnessed a spate of revenge murders by jilted lovers in recent weeks, including one that killed a senior cardiologist, the consequences of fatal attraction are also shaking up the quieter environs of Bhopal , Junagadh, Gurdaspur, Hoshiarpur, Fatehpur Coimbatore, Vijaywada, Pune, Ranchi. If girls are being abducted, shot at, even raped, some jilted boys, too, are committing suicide, jumping in front of trains or hanging themselves on live webcams while their girlfriends watch.According to the National Crime Records Bureau, in the last two years, love affairs/sexual reasons were the third most common motive (7.8%) for murder, after personal enmity and property disputes in India.Says director of mental health &amp; behavioural sciences at Fortis Healthcare , Dr Samir Parikh, \"Aggression has increased in our society. So has the aspiration for a certain lifestyle, irritability, intolerance and the feeling that one can get away with anything. The people who end up committing a crime of passion are the ones who have given almost everything to a relationship. They don't have a balanced life and have exaggerated expectations. When the relationship goes haywire, they want to hurt someone.\"That urge to retaliate probably led 21-year-old Azeem Ajmal to stab his classmate Shruthi Menon (20) in her home in Coimbatore last week. Shruthi had reportedly split with Azeem, while he wanted to marry her. On being rejected, Azeem first stabbed her several times and then immolated himself along with her body. Her mother was also stabbed. Such gruesome attacks emerge from a 'frustration aggression syndrome', says GS Bajpai, criminologist and professor of law at National Law University, Delhi. \"What's noticeable is that the violence is taking extreme forms and is not meant to hurt only a little,\" he says. \"I call it a 'subculture of crime', which is a dangerous development.\"Another misguiding force is the delusion of 'love' . \"There is some influence from popular culture, such as Shahrukh Khan's movies, which give the idea that love is everything, that it is about obsession or possession. Accepting such ideas shows the immaturity of the youth,\" says Shankardass. Love vendetta, as if in keeping with the times, can take new forms, too, such as e-stalking , online smear campaigns and morphed obscene photos being posted online , things that are not so uncommon anymore. Experts blame the lack of a value-based education and of proper upbringing and communication at home for the emotional instability of the youth. \"Many are confusing physical attraction with love,\" says Archana Rathod, a counsellor with an NGO, Disha, in Pune, that provides therapy for \"love break-ups\". \"Rejection leads to hurt, but ultimately, it depends on the personality if he or she will resort to revenge.\" Sandeep Singh agrees. A trainee accountant with a stockholding firm in Delhi, Singh is nursing a bad heartbreak. But he has no ill-feeling towards the girl: \"I cannot even think of harming her. Yes , I feel angry sometimes but I can live with the reality that I can't have her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "she is all of three years old in sandalwood, yet it's seldom that ragini dwivedi's name is not attached to a controversy in the industry. be it her allegedly badmouthing other heroines, throwing tantrums on and off the sets or cutting deals for monetary benefits, ragini's always in the news. but the actor claims that nothing could be further from the truth and that much of what is said is just a \"figment of someone's imagination\". nevertheless, most recently she was involved in an online tussle with senior actor ramya. over to ragini", "code": "16610241", "title": "I am not a bad girl: Ragini", "text": "She is all of three years old in Sandalwood, yet it's seldom that Ragini Dwivedi's name is not attached to a controversy in the industry. Be it her allegedly badmouthing other heroines, throwing tantrums on and off the sets or cutting deals for monetary benefits, Ragini's always in the news. But the actor claims that nothing could be further from the truth and that much of what is said is just a \"figment of someone's imagination\". Nevertheless, most recently she was involved in an online tussle with senior actor Ramya. Over to Ragini:Reports suggest that you made certain comments about Ramya on a TV show, prompting her to respond, rather cryptically, on her microblogging page. This isn't the first time you have been alleged to have spoken ill of a fellow actor. I have never spoken ill of a fellow actor and have been very respectful. It's not my business to comment on others, because I'd like to be left to my own devices as well. Live and let live is my motto. I don't interfere in anybody else's life or career and don't try to be in the spotlight for no reason at all. On the TV show, several things that I said were edited out to give the impression that I was only saying controversial stuff. I think people enjoy seeing a cat fight between actors. But then, I don't need anybody's name for publicity. It really doesn't matter to me what people say. I have so much happening in my life, that I don't have time for such trivial issues. I am also a very outspoken person. If I don't like someone, I will take that person's name and say that I don't like him/her. So if others don't like me, they should tell me and not be hypocritical. Don't tell me you love me and then stab me in the back.Money is also something you are in the news for often See, I am 15-films-old and you can't expect me to now charge what I did for my first film. I quote what I think I deserve. But yes, I don't deny having asked for big sums from some filmmakers as a polite way of turning them down. There are a lot of people who think heroines are just dolls on the sets and underestimate us. I can't work with such people. When I sign up for a film, I treat it as my own. I am completely involved with what is happening on the sets. I will not let a producer spend unnecessary money. I do try and help filmmakers in whatever way I can to cut costs. That doesn't mean that I am trying to get a cut for it. In this industry, the moment you cross the 15 lakh remuneration mark, you are made out to be a tantrum queen because they don't want to pay you. Why haven't I signed a film with Darshan yet? It's because, I will ask for what I deserve.But your attitude is apparently costing you films. According to a source, some of the A-list heroes you have acted with before don't want to ever work with you again. That is just rubbish. As a matter of fact, I am actually signing a couple of films with the industry's A-listers soon, and that should be a slap on the face of those spreading such rumours.You are seen as the bad girl in the industry 99.9% of what is said about me is false. People are making it all up. As an actor I am just here to do my work with passion. I'm not here for money, stardom or fame. I could have gotten all that even if I'd remained a model. In a group of 100, if 80 people like you, there will be 20 who don't like your growth and it is those 20 people who talk negatively about you. When you react to that, it gives you a bad name. Sometimes I feel I deserve more recognition for the hard work I do. I consider myself different from the whole herd of sheep. I have made a name here because I am different. It really hurts when people say bad things about me.What's keeping you busy on the movie front? I have to complete Ragini IPS. There a couple of songs to be shot for. Then there is my Malayalam film with Mammootty , Face2Face. I am currently in discussions for a few Kannada films and possibly even a Tamil film. I have a film with Yogi (Yogesh), Bangari, up for release. The past one year has been a very busy one for me. I had the most number of releases in the industry, which also translates into a lot of money riding on me.Talking about Ragini IPS, stills from the film that were released to the media recently were rather in bad taste, showing you in character and baring way too much. You also sport a fuller figure in the film. It is unfortunate that those stills were released to the media. Those were pictures that were shot during an action sequence and the wires on which I was being suspended had not even been digitally removed. Ragini IPS is a very stylish film. It is not about glamour or showing skin. When I am doing the stunts, it is impossible for me to know from which angle the photographer is capturing me.There is no denying that I had piled on some pounds. But there's a reason. Just before starting Ragini IPS, I had undergone a minor surgical procedure near the ribcage, for which I was asked to take complete bed-rest. So working out was a complete no-no. I had requested the makers of the film to defer shooting by a month, but they did not comply, forcing me to be on the sets, bandaged and heavily medicated on painkillers. I was doing stunts at a time when I couldn't even move my arm without ripping the stitches apart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610698", "title": "Pawan Kalyan to romance Samantha?", "text": "The latest buzz to hit the tinsel town is that powerstar Pawan Kalyan will romance Tollywood's latest sensation Samantha in his next film. Sources from the production house are abuzz that Samantha is likely to be paired opposite Pawan in a rom-com that would be directed by Trivikram Srinivas. BVSN Prasad, in association with Reliance Entertainment, will to produce the film.The untitled film, which also accentuates on family values, is likely to go on floors in November as Trivikram has completed putting finishing touches to the script. Samantha has already shared screen space with Mahesh Babu, Ram Charan, NTR, etc. and the reigning diva will be working with Pawan Kalyan for the first time. An official announcement about the details of this film is expected in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16608147", "title": "Loosen your purse strings for priceless moments", "text": "CHENNAI: Aarabhi Badri, who works with students suffering from cerebral palsy , loves beautiful accessories and dance. On Saturday, in a typical gesture of giving up one love for another, she put up quite a few of her accessories \u2014 bags, clutches, jewellery and even shoes \u2014 in a \"garage sale\" hoping the proceeds would help her work with more differently-abled kids.A professional Bharatanatyam dancer, she first volunteered to be a scribe for differently-abled students writing their class 10 exams. \"I was in class 9. I later taught folk dance and free art for blind children for specific events,\" she said. She pursued a bachelor's degree in electronic media, but her future, she decided, lay in special education.\"When dealing with students who are mentally and physically challenged, we don't believe speech is the only way of education,\" she said. Most of them try communicating through augmentative means, she said. \"When they know you understand them and they are able to tell you something as simple as their last night's dream, the joy they express is priceless.\"It is to continue being able to experience more such moments that she and 150 staff and parents of Vidyasagar, a school for spastic children, decided to come up with a garage sale to raise funds. \"We decided to contribute many objects in our houses that we were not using but were not too old either,\" said Rohini Ramesh, a special educator.The entry ticket was 20 per person and it had everything \u2014 from food items such as chaat, brownies and cupcakes to kitchen appliances such as mixies, grinders, hot cases, air tight boxes, clothes, books, plants, mehendi, fun games and stationery items, priced between 5 and 500.The most expensive stall was for Actor Surya's fans. They had 10 mugs exclusively autographed by the actor with special messages and t-shirts in different colours. \"The mugs priced at 200 are fast moving, we have already sold half our stock,\" said the staff member in charge. The food stall with delicious looking chocolate cupcakes priced at an affordable 30 each, also was a hit.The sale will continue till Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16608614", "title": "Students clean Satluj banks", "text": "LUDHIANA: Around 100 students from different schools of the city in association with Washington DC and Indian Maritime Foundation, Pune, RBS (Rajguru Bhagat Singh and Sukhdev) Society, Ludhiana, organized a coastal clean-up on the banks of Sutlej river on Saturday.The initiative was taken under the project \"Ocean Conservancy\". The students cleaned the banks by picking metal, polythene bags, plastics and other insoluble wastes. Students of BCM Arya Model in Shastri Nagar, Spring Dale Public School on Sherpur Road, Nankana Sahib Public School and Bal Bharti School in Dugri, grouped around the banks and discouraged devotees to avoid throwing non-biodegradable items into the river.Expressing their concern for the environment, the students carried banners and placards to educate people. A face painting campaign was also organized where onlookers and passerby pledged be a part of the campaign.BCM Arya Model School principal Paramjit Kaur appreciated the efforts of the youngsters who became the delegates of spreading awareness to \"Save Water, Save Life\".Supporting the cause, a signature board was displayed in Spring Dale School where the students, teachers and parents pledged their participation.Spring Dale School principal Sandeep Raikhi and headmistress Kamalpreet Kaur motivated the volunteers to keep working for the good cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16604167", "title": "Gulabi gang's commander to participate in Bigg Boss 6", "text": "In the land of dacoits like Dadua and Thokia, 'commander' of the Gulabi gang, Sampath Pal is brave heart of sorts. The echoing chorus members of her gang sing is enough to scare men who would beat the women in their family, waste family earnings in alcohol or harass anyone in villages of Banda, a backward district in the parch Bundelkhand.Even officials in the tehsil and district administration prefer to clear the matters relating to villages associated with Pal before the gang invades their office. Pal - leader of the oppressed women - is now set to become a celebrity by becoming a part of Big Boss season six.A team from the production team of the reality show recently went to bundelkhand to profile this real life hero. Talking to reporters, she said, \"There was a time when people hated me... said that i make nuisance all the time... but now they acknowledge, why i made a noise. It feels good.\" The seeds of rebellion were sown early, when Pal was deprived of formal education by her parents and married off to Munni Lal at the age of 12. She gave birth to her first child at 13, but her feisty spirit had her fighting for freedom from familial norms.By 15, with her 'pheriwala' (door-to-door vendor) husband in tow, Pal separated from her in-laws and started running a tea stall in neighbouring town Atarra, for sustenance. ''In Bundelkhand, women are routinely marginalised. Education levels are poor, they are ill-treated and remain restricted to their homes. I went through this treatment and could not bear it. Now, I fight to protect women from suffering in a similar vein,'' adds Pal. Her first show of aggression came when Ram Milan, a local farmer who beat up his wife mercilessly, refused to relent even after Pal reasoned with him.''He hurled obscenities at me. I realised that he would only understand the language of violence,'' says Pal. She gathered a group of local women who had faced similar issues and confronted Ram Milan.''We taught him a lesson he won't forget in a hurry,'' says Pal, with a smile of satisfaction. But that's not all that makes Sampat Pal unique. Her work in the region - whether it is setting up sowing centres to create employment, or establishing the Gulabi Gang children's school in Rauli Kalyanpur - have urged women from across the globe to emulate her model. ''Sampat Pal has reversed gender roles.A lower caste woman flipping the norms and establishing her own is a very unique thing, even for the rest of the world,'' said Feli Reichold, a student of anthropology from Berlin's Free University, who was ''studying'' Pal for her masters thesis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16608745", "title": "Encroachments rob pedestrians of space to walk", "text": "KANPUR: Removal of scores of hawkers, road-side vendors and encroachments from the city by the Kanpur Municipal Corporation over the past few days hasn't brought any relief to pedestrians. Even after numerous anti-encroachment drives, city lanes and bylanes are unfit for pedestrians.The problem is that after being removed, those occupying the streets unlawfully return almost the very next day. As soon as an anti-encroachment drive ends, the roads and pavements are reclaimed by the encroachers leaving no space for commuters and shoppers to walk on.The city has footpaths spanning several kilometres and most are out-of-bounds for pedestrians because of encroachment. Roadside vendors, including owners of tea and food stalls and juice vendors who have eaten up the walking space on pavements in various localities of the city. Worst is the condition in the busy markets of P Road, Chalis Dukaan, Vidyarthi Market, Parade and Bara Devi, to name a few.Areas across the city tell a different story with local residents saying that much needs to be done to improve the condition of footpaths. People living in most of the city areas assert that footpaths near their localities always remain encroached upon and were not fit for walking. \"Removal of encroachments is no solution. Enforcement officials should keep a close watch on obstacles faced by commuters. As there is no strict vigil, the city seems to have no permanent solution for encroachment,\" said Sanjay Singh, resident of P Road.In another busy market, Gumti, encroachment has reduced the four-lane road into narrow path which hardly has any space for smooth movement of traffic or pedestrians. Rest of the space has been encroached by vehicles owned by the shopkeepers parked in the middle of the road. Express Road and Narhona crossing have their own sad story to tell. Encroachers here are not only owners of shanty shops, tea and food stalls but of the parking lots too running them without licence and giving tough time to the commuters or visitors.Pavements of Bada Chauraha are no more visible to the locals. Right from the point where the crossing begins to the post office, foot-paths have been encroached up to the Indian Medical Association Crossing. The series of encroachment moves along the left turn and enters the lanes of Parade, causing commuters to avoid taking this path which delays their journey to their destination by an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16606925", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation officials directed to clean up litter by today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) commissioner M T Krishna Babu has directed officials to remove garbage and litter on immersion procession routes and surrounding areas of Tank Bund by Sunday afternoon.The commissioner on Saturday inspected Ganesh immersion points like Tank Bund and NTR Marg. He discussed with the health and sanitation wing officials to deploy men, machinery and vehicles for removal of garbage and litter by Sunday afternoon in view of the 'Chalo Hyderabad' march and CoP-11.He said the corporation was coordinating with the police and other government departments and provided five more cranes with platforms for immersion on Friday.The commissioner said that the procession might be completed by 3 am on Sunday. As soon as the immersion gets over, the GHMC is prepared to lift garbage within five hours and complete it before 10 am. Krishna Babu said of the 22 lakes identified for immersion, 80% Ganesh idols would be immersed in Hussainsagar and the rest 20% at Saroornagar lake and other water bodies in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16607399", "title": "Prominent trader killed in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The newly-elected secretary of Malabar Chamber of Commerce (MCC) and prominent businessman, P P Naseer Ahammed, was found dead on roadside at Pachakkil near Malapparamba in Kozhikode on Saturday morning. He was 50. Early morning walkers found Ahammed's body around 5am and alerted police. According to the police, there are several injuries all over his body.Ahammed's Indica car was found abandoned near Presentation Higher Secondary School on Mavoor Road. A blood-stained towel was recovered about 100 metres away from the place where the body was lying.Kozhikode district police chief G Sparjan Kumar and assistant commissioner Prince Abraham visited the spot and conducted a detailed examination.Sparjan Kumar said the investigation is on and the police are yet to ascertain the motive behind the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607938", "title": "Gandhimitra awards on October 2", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Gandhi Jayanti on Tuesday, Gandhimitra Awards will be given to three young men and women who have selflessly served the society of Gujarat by helping to alleviate malnutrition, illiteracy and problems related to women, children and the tribal population of the state.The awards have been instituted by city-based Vechaar Trust and Rajkot-based Sampada. The three people who will be awarded by governor Dr Kamla are Shilpa Vaishnav, Samat Jhada and Kashiben Kanasiya.Forty-year old Shilpa left a lucrative career to settle in the rural area of Amirgadh, Banaskantha where she runs 15-odd schools. Most of these schools are central to a number of villages where kids walk three-odd kilometres to study. She has prepared 3,500 students for higher education so far. \"Shilpa has been working tirelessly for the education of underprivileged children in backward areas of Banaskantha. Had it not been for her efforts, a large number of kids would have remained deprived of benefits of education,\" said Surendra Patel, founder of Vechaar Trust.Samat Jhada is a progressive farmer in Chotila, Surendranagar. A firm believer of Gandhian philosophy, he recently sat on a 5 day fast against adulteration in materials used for construction of the village school. Kashiben has been working for upliftment of tribal workers in Devgadh Baria .Her focus is on securing drinking water and food security and has been aggressively working to end malnutrition among kids. Kashiben has been working on migration-related issues as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "16615901", "title": "Female feticide: Doctor nabbed in sting operation", "text": "BEED: A government medical officer was caught red-handed while allegedly conducting abortion at his private hospital in Kaij tehsil of Beed district during a sting operation conducted by health officials and police today.The doctor was arrested, police said. Kaij sub-district hospital medical superintendent Dr Ashok Thorat told PTI that a woman came in Kaij sub-district hospital, who wanted an abortion of her over four-month old female foetus.Thorat said he told the woman to go to a hospital in Ambajogai for termination of pregnancy, but she said that she will go to the Akshata hospital, run by Kaij sub-district hospital's medical officer Dr Chandrakant Lamture in Shikshak colony area of Kaij, for the abortion.The medical superintendent then sent a team of health and police officials after the woman to keep a watch on her movements and conduct a sting operation.Lamture, who was not authorised to conduct medical termination of pregnancy, was caught red-handed, Thorat said.Kaij police sub-inspector Haribhau Rathod said after the sting operation they seized some equipment from Lamture's hospital, used for abortion.The foetus was seized from the hospital and sent for autopsy, Rathod said.A case has been registered against the doctor under sections 312 (causing miscarriage), 316 (causing death of unborn child), 317 and 511 of IPC and under sections 3, 4 and 5 of Medical Termination of Pregnancies (MTP) Act, he said.The woman, who already has a son and a daughter, has been admitted to Kaij sub-district hospital, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16608747", "title": "Father keeps teen daughter confined at home, held", "text": "MYSORE: A father, who had allegedly kept his teenage daughter chained at their Sathyanagar home here for the past eight months, was arrested and released on bail on Saturday.The incident came to light after Masuddin, who was in love with daughter of Afsar Pasha, a fabricator, alerted Udaygiri police on Saturday. They raided Pasha's house and rescued the girl. Pasha's neighbours said the boy and girl had been in love for the past two years and as she was a minor then, the jurisdiction police intervened and warned the boy not to meet her, about eight months ago. Since then, the girl had been confined to the house, but she would meet him at family functions..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16607622", "title": "Fields of gold: Crops get an 'intense' touch", "text": "CALANGUTE: A paddy planting technique from Madagascar could be the next big thing in Goa's agriculture sector if the harvest of trial kharif crops meet expectations.It's called SRI-system of rice intensification, and is being tried on an experimental basis by some farmers in Bardez. \"The yield is double and you need less seedlings,\" says Sanjeev Mayekar, zonal agricultural officer at Peddem in Mapusa.Explaining the basics of the technique, Mayekar says that while normally seedlings are planted close to each other, with SRI the seedlings are planted about 20-25 cm apart.In the trials conducted over the last three years at Mapusa, the yield per hectare was six tonnes during the kharif season, compared to around three and half tonnes using traditional methods. It was eight tonnes during the rabi season, he said.A number of farmers from Bardez were encouraged to try out the SRI method after observing the trials. Sebastiana Menezes from Bastora, who planted paddy on a 3,000 sq m area, says, \"I am very happy with the result.\" She expects twice the normal yield two weeks from now.Sandra Fernandes from Sangolda had a passion for farming, and plunged into it after her return from abroad. So she went to the zonal agriculture office and met Mayekar, who encouraged her to try the SRI technique. Now a convert, she says, \"I'm more than happy. It's much easier, cheaper and high-yielding; it's much better than the traditional method. I feel more farmers should do farming with this method.\"There are a number of advantages to the SRI method, says Mayekar. One, is the number of seedlings used. Traditional methods require 80 kg of seedlings per hectare, while in SRI the requirement is only 5 kgs of seedlings. With fewer seedlings, they receive more nutrients and also get more sunlight. \"You get 30-45 pinnacles per plant and the ear-heads are bigger,\" he says.The SRI method can also be used with other crops like millet, sugarcane, etc. \"The SRI technique is ideal for Goa,\" says Mayekar, \"because with less effort you get more yield. It's come late to Goa, which is a plus, because the technique has been refined after earlier people made mistakes and learnt from them.\"Of the 5,500 hectares of paddy fields cultivated in Bardez, it is learnt that SRI has been used in 100 acress during the kharif season. With more awareness, the ZAO hopes that rises to 1,000 acres in the coming rabi season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16607340", "title": "Palace in need of urgent repairs", "text": "KEONJHAR: The 'Nua Rajauasa' of Keonjhar has become a poor reminder of its glorious self. The palace that has more than 100 rooms was built by king Balabhadra Narayan Bhanjadev in 1929. After independence, land surrounding it was handed over to the state government for construction of Orissa School of Mining and Engineering. A part of the palace doubled up as boys' hostel of the engineering school till their hostel was constructed.But the palace that had seen royalty is all its glory is likely to be demolished. It has been declared unsafe with plants growing all over and reptiles and animals entering the premises at will. \"The palace was built by the last king of Bhanja dynasty. It had a polo ground and animals sheds,\" said Ramesh Chandra Chakraberty, a writer.Sources said some portion of the palace was repaired by the engineering school to make it habitable for the students. The other parts are in a deplorable state for lack of maintenance. Many buildings constructed by the Keonjhar royalty have either been demolished or are in a poor state. The palaces at Jyotipur, Udaypur, Rajanagar and Nayagarh have already been demolished. Similar is the condition of many temples in Keonjhar that are 300 to 400 years old. The private temple of the royal family is being used as godown. Similarly, the Keonjhar collectorate building, Anandpur sub-collector's office building, all of which were built during the royal rule, also need repair.\"While the government is spending huge amounts on the restoration of old monuments, the condition of the palace is deplorable. Many palaces in this district have already been demolished. Hence the government should take steps to save the remaining monuments built by the Bhanja dynasty,\" said Ramakrushna Mohapatra, another writer.But Pratap Chandra Hota, sub collector Keonjhar said \"We will take steps for the preservation of the old monuments\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "16613123", "title": "Now, officers to adopt two feeders each in Haryana to ensure smooth power supply", "text": "CHANDIGARH : In a bid to have makeover of its image in general public, the dakshin haryana bijli vitran nigam ( DHBVN) has come out with an idea of asking the officers of higher ranks to adopt feeders for the purpose of maintainence and effective power supply.Among those who will be adopting atleast two feeders included Chairman-cum-Managing Director, Devender Singh, rest directors, general managers and superintending engineers (SEs) and executive engineers (XENs) who will adopt two feeders each of their area.Singh and other directors are expected to take up feeders in Gurgaon, Faridabad and other sensitive areas of National capital region (NCR) of the state.The officers would ensure maintenance of complete system of the feeders, to be adopted by them, right from the emanating point at the substations to the meters at the premises of consumers. The maintenance would include sagging of loose wire, replacement of worn out and old conductors, provision of guarding, provision of egg insulators on stay-wires, replacement of iron poles, replacement of lines crossing schools and water bodies in villages, augmentation of capacity of distribution transformers and setting up additional transformers as per requirement.The director level officers will take up the feeders of sensative areas or the trouble prone areas where consumers have maximum complaints. Idea of starting the exercise is to ensure that operations staff (field staff) should also realize their responsibility towards consumers,'' Devender Singh said.This would ensure that the complaints of consumers, connected to these ideal feeders, relating to power supply failure, metering system and billing were minimum and redressed promptly.He said that this improvement in the system and the service would be exemplary for the assistant general managers, junior engineers and the staff deployed in operational activities. The management would expect from the officials to bring about an improvement in the system and the service provided to consumers on all other feeders in the State, he added.Devender Singh has already given assurance to the officials that there would be no shortage of funds and materials, but no excuse in service would be acceptable. Consumer satisfaction is on top of the list of priorities of the Nigams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16612974", "title": "Bank van heist Delhi: One arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person allegedly involved in the Rs 5.25 crore bank van heist in a South Delhi locality has been arrested, police said today.Deepak Sharma, hailing from Haryana, was picked up for questioning from a South Delhi locality yesterday and was placed under arrested today, police sources said.A large amount of cash and a firearm were also allegedly recovered from him.The sources said some more people have also been picked up for questioning in connection with the incident in posh Defence Colony area of South Delhi.Armed men had on Friday looted Rs 5.25 crore from the van carrying cash for Defence Colony's ATMs and fled after shooting a guard. The guard later died in hospital.Four to five men in a Hyundai Verna car had intercepted the Maruti Eeco van carrying cash for the ATMs in the upscale locality at around 1:00 PM, dragged out the four men in the vehicle at gunpoint and shot at one of the two security guards who resisted them.Investigators believe that the robbery might have been planned by a gang based in Faridabad district of Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16607467", "title": "Shah panel to visit Odisha on October 3", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The B M Shah judicial commission, set up by the Centre to probe irregularities in mining, is scheduled to visit Odisha on October 3. The six-member delegation is likely to stay in the state for around nine days during which it will visit different mines in Sundargarh and Keonjhar districts.The commission had visited the state in December when it had visited mines in Keonjhar and conducted a public hearing. A large number of people had petitioned the commission to recommend CBI inquiry into the mining scam in Odisha as it involved siphoning of precious mineral resources worth lakhs of rupees in connivance with mostly politicians in power, senior officials and business houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16614963", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation proposes to give Rs 363 crore for land acquisition", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will consider a proposal for payment of Rs 363 crores for land acquisition for the Shivane-Kharadi road.The civic administration has given a proposal to the standing committee recommending that the payment should be given through deferred payment system. The committee will discuss the proposal on Tuesday.The civic administration in 2007 had approved a 22-km six-lane elevated Shivane-Kharadi link road to connect the east and west parts of the city. The estimated cost of the project in 2008 was around Rs 105 crore. In 2010 it scaled up to Rs 307 crore. Now, according to the administration, the entire project would cost more than Rs 1,200 crore. While approving the proposal last year, the standing committee had said the road will be constructed within 36 months.As per the PMC proposal, the road is to be constructed in phases. In the first phase, a 6-km-long road will be constructed from Shivane to Mhatre bridge. An 11.8-km-long road will be built from Sangamwadi to Kharadi in the second phase. The stretch between Mhatre bridge and Sangamwadi, which is centrally located, will be taken up in the last phase as the road is to be connected to the bridges across the river.The road will be 30 metres wide and a fully concrete elevated one running along the banks of Mula and Mutha rivers. In some places it may narrow down to 24 metres and will be a vital link between the Mumbai-Bangalore and the Pune-Ahmednagar highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16607213", "title": "After Lucknow University, Jai Narain PG College, Bappa Sri Narain Vishwavidyalay PG College declare plan for Oct 15 student polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Like Lucknow University, its affiliated colleges Jai Narain PG College and Bappa Sri Narain Vishwavidyalay (BSNV) PG College have declared elections for their respective student unions will be on October 15. According to their schedule released on Saturday, JNPG College said application forms to get the nomination forms will be distributed from October 1 to 3, 10.30 am to 3 pm, from the information centre at gate no 2. The first voter list will be uploaded on the website on October 4 till 11 am. The voters can point out the anomalies, if any, in the voter list on October 4 till 2 pm. On the same day, the final voter list will be uploaded on the website at 5 pm.Candidates contesting student elections can take the nomination forms from the cashier's office after submitting the application forms on October 4 and 5, 10.30 am to 3 pm. The nomination process is scheduled on October 6 from 9 am to 3 pm at Arts faculty. During this time, the candidates will also have to submit the nomination fee. On October 8, scrutiny of nomination forms and withdrawal of candidature and publishing of final list of eligible candidates will be done from 11 am to 3 pm. The college will return the identity of ineligible candidates on October 9 at the election office.There are in all 18 posts for which candidates will contest elections. Returning officer for the students union election LL Shukla said on October 6, candidates contesting for the post of president, vice-president, secretary, and junior librarian will have to submit Rs 1,000 as caution money.At BSNV College, the election will be held for eight posts. Candidates will get the nomination forms on October 5 and 6 which they can submit on October 6. On October 7, forms may be withdrawn if applicants so desire. Candidates need to bring the requisite documents, including High School or equivalent exam certificate-whichever was submitted in the university at the time of admission to verify the date of birth-receipt of nomination fee and caution money paid, certificate from head of the department of 75 per cent attendance and no objection certificate from the proctor.College officials have made the SC order based on Lyngdoh Committee clear to the contestants. Candidates must record a minimum of 75 per cent attendance and those who have failed or are due to appear for back paper will not be able to contest elections. Apart from this, candidates will have to keep in mind the age, eligibility and abstain from use of posters, banners during campaigning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16608359", "title": "Tipsy doctor raises false alarm", "text": "A 43-year-old doctor who was suspended from Samana civil hospital eight months ago created a ruckus by calling PCR and claiming that four persons had robbed his house. When police rushed to Jaswinder Singha house at Hitakari Society in Sector 48, the doctor was found under heavy influence of liquor. Police also found Singha unattended elderly mother inside the house. She told police that no robbery had taken place. A DDR was lodged at Sector-31 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607115", "title": "Contractual workers at SMS hospital stop work for 2 hours", "text": "JAIPUR: Contractual employees working as computer operators, telephone operators and lab technicians at the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital boycotted work for two hours demanding their merger in the Rajasthan Medical Relief Society (RMRS).The patients suffered because of the stoppage of work. Around 250 contractual employees are working in the hospital and are involved in making registration tickets, conducting blood tests, etc.An official of Rajasthan District Contract Employees Union (RDCEU) threatened to go on indefinite strike from October 1 if their demands were not fulfilled. Long queues of patients were seen at registration counters.The hospital administration claimed that they made alternate arrangements to ensure the patients didn't suffer.The hospital administration claimed it was not in their jurisdiction to pay the contractual employees through RMRS. They also said they were trying to resolve the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16608550", "title": "His room\u2019s d\u00e9cor is carcasses, slides", "text": "LUDHIANA: One would expect a teenagers room to sport anything from books, posters and soft toys to sports goods and gadgets, but Karan Puris room at his BRS Nagar residence accommodates carcasses of various organisms and microscope bearing slides of over 300 species.While his classmates at KVM, Civil Lines, are busy in the playground, the 15-year-old keeps himself engrossed in dissecting frogs and rats.I prefer learning by practically experiencing something rather than mugging up theoretical explanations. I get books of post-graduate level from libraries to understand the genetic sciences and anatomy of various species, says Karan.His experiments with insects have popularized Karan among the researchers of Punjab Agricultural University too, as they are studying a cockroach from his mini-laboratory, which turned white from black when exposed to UV rays. Only a particular type of cockroach responded differently to the UV rays and PAU took the sample immediately when my school informed them, says Karan.The ways of nature fascinate me and animal anatomy is one of the most interesting natural creations, he adds.His school stands by Karans interest in biology by keeping a constant check on his experiments and providing him with the required substances to carry out the basic biological tests.Karans mother Meenu Puri says her sons fascination with dead beings scares her at times as she is worried about the chemicals he uses and the risk of infections while dealing with dead organisms. He wakes up every morning with some new experiment in his head. I am glad his school is providing him the needed support and guidance, she adds.The young biology enthusiast will exhibit the organs and carcass of 10 creatures at an exhibition to be held in the school on October 5 and 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607339", "title": "Heritage project loses direction", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government's initiative to protect heritage buildings by installing metal signage on the main thoroughfare of Chandni Chowk has come a cropper. About 30 metal signboards, which were put up by Intach in Chandni Chowk area in 2003, are conspicuous by their absence. The few signboards which can still be seen are either coated with bills or advertisements, or are used by traders to hang clothes and slippers.While some of the boards are broken, others have been uprooted and filched, according to the traders and residents. The remaining boards serve as hangers. \"It was a good initiative marred by lack of maintenance. The government comes up with so many initiatives for protecting heritage buildings, but they are still crumbling,\" said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vypar Mandal. \"The State Bank of India building, which has been declared a heritage building, was revamped, though it is not allowed. As no civic agency took action, the face of the building has changed,\" said an exasperated Bhargava.The broken pavements and unclean surroundings speak volumes about the neglect. \"Nobody cares about the signage. Why should they, when the buildings themselves have fallen into disrepair. For instance, the waste dumped in front of Chunnamal ki Haveli, another heritage building, has not been picked up for almost five months,\" said Rashid Rehman, a trader.Intach officials said responsibility of maintaining the signboards did not lie with them. \"We were entrusted with one-time installation by Delhi Tourism, but maintenance was not our responsibility. The idea behind these boards was to make the public aware of the value and significance of heritage buildings. In 10 years, many boards have been damaged and some civic agency needs to maintain these boards. Since these boards have been uprooted or broken, we will replace them. Many people object to the boards in areas they call private property. However, our main problem is funds, as we don't get money for maintenance,\" said an Intach official.Interestingly, during Commonwealth Games, Archaeological Survey of India put up red sandstone boards in front of heritage sites, as it believed they would last longer than metal signboards. North Delhi Municipal Corporation has been apprised of the issue but to date no action has been taken. \"These roads were with Public Works Department till Wednesday. It's been only three days since we got a copy of the order giving us back the roads. This thoroughfare is one of them. We will make arrangements and maintain the boards properly,\" said P K Gupta, commissioner, North corporation. In April this year, about 499 roads with width of 60 feet and more were transferred to PWD from the municipal corporations. But due to this transfer, the Chandni Chowk redevelopment plan of the corporation took a hit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16607522", "title": "Cops bust gambling den at Chimbel", "text": "PANAJI: A gambling den was busted by a North Goa police team at Chimbel, Tiswadi, on Saturday evening.North Goa superintendent of police Vijay Singh, along with a team from the Calangute police station, raided a gambling den at Indiranagar in Chimbel. In all, 13 persons were arrested and 11 motorcycles belonging to the gamblers were attached.Cash of 2.04 lakh was seized along with two sacks which were full with the playing cards used for gambling activity.A few used notebooks, found at the site, were also attached by the police team. The raid was conducted after a tip-off was received from informants, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16607546", "title": "Residents protest as metro breaks pipeline", "text": "CHENNAI: Traffic was disrupted on Anna Salai, near Little Mount, on Saturday morning after residents of a nearby apartment complex blocked the stretch. They said Metrowater supply to their complex was affected after metro rail works damaged a pipeline. They alleged that the officials did not offer any proper explanation for the damage and continued to dig in the area.Police who rushed there pacified the crowd and said the supply would be restored soon. Metro rail officials supplied water from their tanks and restored the pipeline by evening.More than 100 families were affected by the accident which happened when earthmovers began digging a 20-foot trench near the entrance of Baid Mehta Colony in the morning.\"We were not informed about the digging or about a possible disruption to water supply. We checked and found that metro rail had dug up the entrance to our building that damaged a pipeline. They were not ready to offer an explanation and merely said the digging was done at the wrong location,\" said P Udaya Kumar, a resident.A senior Chennai metro rail official said a pipeline was damaged at a spot where machines were used to dig to build a pillar for the elevated viaduct. \"We did not dig at the wrong location. It was part of the scheduled works,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16607148", "title": "As vigil against feticide increased, abandoning became the norm", "text": "JAIPUR: As the government agencies in the past few months intensified vigil to curb female feticide, the recent cases of abandoning of girl child after birth has posed a new challenge.It appears to be a more serious problem as in the past four months, cases of abandoning of infant girls were reported in various cities of the state including Kota, Chittorgarh, Jaipur and Udaipur.Generally, when such cases are reported by the people who spot infants either in dust bins or in bushes, the police merely hand them over to the nearby Shishu Palna Grah. In the past cases in the city, the police have failed to make any breakthrough on finding the parents of abandoned girls.On September 26, when somebody dumped their newborn girl behind Kanodia Girls College, the police did what they were doing for a long time - handed over the girl to the shishu grah and registered a case against unidentified persons.Earlier on August 29, a girl child was found abandoned in Borkheda village in Kota. She was also handed over to a shelter home. And later the authorities went for the formalities needed for adoption.Similarly in June, parents of a girl dumped her at a bus stand. In July, two girls were found abandoned in Jaipur. The parents of one of the girl left her in Zanana hospital, while another girl was dumped near Jagatpura railway station.When contacted, a senior police officer said: \"The matter is under investigation and we will definitely make arrests.\"It seems that due to the increased vigil of the state government, parents have resorted to abandoning of girl child. Since abandoning has increased, people have also come forward to adopt the abandoned child.In Udaipur's Mahesha ashram, so far twelve infants were found, majority of them girl child, in the cradle placed outside the aashram since April. Aashram officials say that when feticide was frequently reported in the city, they opened the aashram to save girl child. Also, they appealed to the people not to dump the girl child anywhere in the city. Aashram's head Yog Guru Davendra Agarwal said: \"We gave a slogan, \"pheko mat, hame do\" (don't dump, give them to us). Since April 1, we have received 12 infants who were abandoned by their families.\"Centre for Advocacy and Research state coordinator Rakhee Badhwar said: \"One reason for not wanting a girl child is 'insecurity'. We have found that many parents feel insecure about their girl child so here the role of a welfare state should begin.\"She said in order to deal with such a 'mindset' and 'unwantedness' towards the girl child we need to start a crusade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608669", "title": "Madras Sappers young at 232 years", "text": "BANGALORE: Call of bugles, horsedrawn carriages and immaculately dressed soldiers marching in unison, epitomizing the inherent discipline from one of the finest regiments of Indian Army marked the ceremonial parade of the Madras Sappers, one of the finest regiments of the Indian Army, on the eve of their 232nd anniversary on Saturday.As part of the anniversary celebrations and the Biennial Regimental Commander's Conference (BRCC) of Madras Sappers, a ceremonial parade was held at Madras Engineer Group and Centre. Major General SP Nawathe, Colonel Commandant of Madras Sappers, reviewed the ceremonial parade.Six contingents of smartly dressed soldiers, with blue ceremonial turbans, gold and maroon bands on their waists and spotless white spats on their boots, marched proudly to the tunes of the Military Band.Madras Sappers, known for their high standards of drill, displayed their acumen in the parade. They have won \"Best marching contingent\" trophy at the Republic Day parade eight times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607030", "title": "18 hurt in slum riot over demolition drive", "text": "NEW DELHI: An anti-encroachment drive in west Delhi turned violent on Saturday morning, leaving at least 18 people injured, five of them seriously. When police and North Corporation officials arrived to clear a slum in Jwalapuri, around 1,000 men and women clashed with them repeatedly over a couple of hours. Police had to lathi-charge and teargas the mob to restore order.Police said 11 people were injured in stone pelting by the crowd. Four government vehicles, including two cars each of the corporation and the police, were damaged. A case of rioting was registered and around 25 people were detained.The drive was ordered by a city court after residents of the nearby Viraat Apartments complained their passage had been encroached upon. The court had set Saturday as the deadline to act.Tension was palpable in the slum since Friday when BSES disconnected the power supply. But it took the shape of a riot when civic officials arrived to raze the 580 shanties at the site.When TOI visited the scene after the riot, fear and anxiety were writ large on the faces of the slum inhabitants. Roshni, 22, was standing beside the remains of her shanty nursing welts on her forehead and hands. Some of her neighbours had loaded their belongings on autos and were moving out to stay with relatives. Some others had decided to stay on without a roof. \"Rents of the nearby shanties have shot up to Rs 5,000 today. The children and women will have to sleep in the open until I make some arrangement,\" said Hukum Chand, who needed seven stitches on his right leg after the lathi-charge.The slum residents complained the drive was carried out without intimation, and they were not given time to collect the belongings. They also alleged police roughed up and abused women who tried to resist the drive. \"Women of all ages were beaten up with lathis,\" said Roshni's mother Sarita Devi.\"We have ration cards and have lived here for more than three decades. We were shifted here from RK Puram and were awaiting relocation. There have been surveys but the government has not allotted us alternative sites,\" said Kishan Lal.The corporation had to demolish all 580 shanties but due to the violence it managed to raze only 30-35. A building department official claimed the residents had disregarded the eviction order they got on Friday. The drive will resume on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608634", "title": "Do dry run today to sort out wet waste", "text": "BANGALORE: Today is the last day you have the luxury of putting all your day's waste into one plastic cover and dumping it. Beginning Monday, you will have to get into the doublebin habit \u2014 one for wet waste and the other for dry garbage \u2014 as the much-hyped waste management plan rolls in.You will have to shake out wet waste from your bin into the pourakarmika's pushcart \u2014 without a plastic bag. And from there, tonnes of wet waste collected from lakhs of households in Bangalore could make its way to farms in neighbouring districts.BBMP will pay Rs 66 for each tonne of garbage to farmers as composting charge. \"The farmers will give us a copy of their records of rights, and a consent letter to receive up to 20 tonnes of organic waste per acre. We will deliver this organic waste in a phased manner to the farmers' site,\" said Rajneesh Goel, in a letter to the chairman of the Organic Farming Mission of Karnataka.The Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) has permitted disposal of waste to farmlands and has set certain conditions. \"BBMP shall take up shredding of large organic waste like tree branches. A farmer can be given 20 tonnes of wet waste per acre per year. The Palike shall make a list of interested farmers with necessary address and quantity given to them. Bulk food waste from hotels and choultries has to be handled separately,\" reads the letter by KSPCB chairman Dr Vaman Acharya to the BBMP chief. The Organic Farming Mission, which has over 1 lakh farmers under it, will contact BBMP before they buy the waste from them. \"This is a long-term plan. As per KSPCB rules, we can give only 20 tonnes per farmer per acre per year,\" Goel said.BBMP to collect betterment cessNow on, BBMP will collect improvement charges from revenue properties (converted as per the Karnataka Land Conversion Act), to mop up revenue. This is a relief to more than 5 lakh property owners on the outskirts who don't have khatas. Now, property owners can obtain khatas. BBMP will collect Rs 550/sqm from property owners. After conversion of farm land, if it falls under BBMP limits, property owner have to obtain the khata from BBMP. But it'll be given only if improvement charges are paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16607849", "title": "Woman Naxal arrested during combing operation", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Gadchiroli police arrested a woman Naxalite - Meera alias Sarita Kolha - during combing operation in Kasansur jungle on Friday. Deputy commander of Kasansur dalam Ramesh Gawde who accompanied her managed to give the cops a slip.The C-60 commandos were carrying out a combing operation in the jungle under Kasansur sub-police station in Etapalli tehsil on Friday, when they noticed an armed man and woman in the forest. As the cops moved towards them, the duo started running. The commandos chased them. While the man managed to flee, the woman - Meera (20) who hails from Galdapalli village in Etapalli tehsil - was arrested. Cops said that she belonged to Kasansur Dalam and had earlier worked with Naxal Platoon No.3. She revealed the identity of the man who accompanied her as deputy commander Ramesh Gawde.Meera was involved in several cases of murder, planting of explosives and attacks on police parties. She had planted explosives in Kasansur market on last Independence Day. She was also involved in Gaderi, Ghotsur, Kondawahi and Kotmi encounters this year. She was also involved in dispute free village committee president Gajanan Madavi of Jarawandi and Pandurag Narote of Karka village. She has been presently arrested for her involvement in planting explosives in Kasansoor market area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16606850", "title": "Rodents close down Bangalore shooting range", "text": "BANGALORE: The state-of-the-art shooting range at Sports Authority of India's South Centre apparently didn't factor in one danger: rodents. After months of delay and several crores of rupees, the shooting range came up in June last year. The range is yet to host any national camp or competition, but now, rodents have torn apart the wiring, causing a temporary shutdown.The damage came to light after the wall panels were found to be heating up. \"It seems to be the work of rats as the wiring at most of the ducts near the firing stations have been cut open. The damage is serious and the CPWD has been asked to work on it with the help of experts,\" a source told TOI.Once the power supply is rectified, authorities will have to check if any damage has been done to the data cables which are part of the electronic scoring system. \"It seems the data cables are not damaged but we can be sure only after tests are conducted,\" an official said.Though the minor repair work is expected to take only 10 days, the entire job would be over in only another month as the CPWD is expected to start work in a week's time. Sources said CPWD had been notified already and would start work soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607945", "title": "Ahmedabad is Gujarat's heart disease capital", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Every day, 18 Amdavadis are admitted to city hospitals with cardiac problems. The figure for the state is not encouraging either. Eighty-four patients report various symptoms related to heart disease such as severe chest pain, breathlessness, and nausea every day in the state considered to be the heart disease capital of the country.A recent study conducted by EMRI 108's research wing shows that while the overall percentage of emergencies has remained the same, the concentration points across the state have changed over the past one year. While earlier, four districts with major cities - Ahmedabad, Surat, Vadodara and Rajkot - used to report a high number of cases, this year centres such as Bhavnagar, Junagadh and Jamnagar have also raised an alarm.\"During the research, we learnt that patients fail to recognize signs of the disease such as pain extending from the chest to the jaw, arm, and shoulders; sweating; breathing problems; or pressure, crushing or squeezing pain or discomfort in the chest,\" said a researcher. \"Another factor is denial: people believe heart attacks cannot happen to them and want to avoid ambulances at their doorstep.\"Jashvant Prajapati, chief operating officer, GVK EMRI, Gujarat , said that it was wise to call a 108 ambulance in case of a cardiac complaint. \"It not only helps in prompt monitoring and pre-hospital care for maximizing patient benefit during the critical golden hour but also enhances the chances of recovery,\" he said. \"Our paramedics are extensively trained in procedures and in operating advanced equipment such as ECG, and in administering life-saving drugs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16607798", "title": "Ex-Bihar top cop's property sealed in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The district authorities of Patna and Hazaribag have sealed the property of a former director general of police of Bihar at Singhani village in Sadar block of the district following a vigilance court's order.Narayan Mishra, the former top cop of Bihar, was found guilty of corruption by the vigilance court of Patna which ordered confiscation of Mishra and his relatives' property. Following the order, additional collector of Patna Anil Kumar met Hazaribag deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan on Friday for his cooperation.Ranjan directed additional collector of Hazaribag Shekhar Prasad Verma and circle officer of Hazaribag Sadar to take immediate steps. The officials took the possession of Mishra's property of 21.2 decimal land.Mishra had purchased the land when he was posted at Police Training College here in 1986-87 in the name of his wife Kanchanbala Sinha.Later, she gave the power of attorney to one Sanjay Kumar of Lakhe locality in Hazaribag town who sold the land to one Indrajit Prasad Singh. It was Indrajit Singh who constructed a house on the plot in 2007 and was running an auto servicing centre.However, on Friday despite protests by Indrajit Singh, the district officials of Patna and Hazaribag along with local police sealed the house. Earlier, the Bihar government had confiscated his property in Patna which included a palatial building built by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16608135", "title": "1,135 days and State Public Sector Workers' Union members still on dharna", "text": "PATNA: They have been fighting for their salaries and arrears for over three years now, but their pleas have gone unheard. The protest by members of State Public Sector Workers' Union (SPSWU) entered its 1,135th day on Saturday in support of their demand for payment of salaries of employees of several corporations under the state government, withheld for more than 15 years now. The dharna started on August 19, 2009 under the leadership of the then secretary of the union, Ashwini Kumar, who died on September 25, 2011. Kumar was the founder secretary of the union.The corporations whose employees are yet to receive their salaries include Sugar Corporation, Bihar State Industrial Development Corporation, Leather Corporation, Finished Leather Corporation, Handloom Corporation and Small Industries Corporation.The state government, which had once established the corporations very ambitiously, stopped paying attention to them, post-1990. This led to the decline of most of these corporations. \"About 2,500 employees, who are still working in various undertakings, are yet to receive their salaries and 10,000 other employees have either retired or left the job. About 4,000 people have died without receiving their due salary,\" said union president BB Singh.Members of the union have put up a permanent tent near R-Block, where a handful of them sit on dharna daily, Singh said, \"About Rs 200 crore should be allocated immediately to pay the salary arrears of workers, so that they don't die of starvation.\"Asked about how these employees sustain their families without payment, union secretary Shashi Bhushan Sharma said, \"They have taken up small jobs such as working at shops or construction sites, selling vegetables or newspapers.\"He added, \"One Chandan Bhattacharya, in August 2002, had immolated himself to protest against the pending salaries, following which a senior lawyer filed a PIL in the Supreme Court in 2003. Subsequently, the apex court directed the state government to clear their salaries and the Justice Uday Sinha committee was formed to clear due salaries. The committee did clear some dues in three instalments but much of it remains unpaid.\"Bihar govt not liable for corporations: Principal secretaryThe state government has refused to clear salary arrears of the agitating employees of several corporations. \"Government is not liable to pay for these corporations. Some payment had been done after the intervention of SC, but at present there is no arrangement for their payment,\" principal secretary ( finance ) Rameshwar Singh said. He added that some of these corporations have been already closed down, while cases are going on in courts to close down other corporations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16616453", "title": "Make some rivers 'protected areas': South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers and People", "text": "NEW DELHI: On World Rivers Day, observed usually on the last Sunday of September, the South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers and People (SANDRP) called on the government to focus on the deplorable state of Indian rivers. For people in Delhi, Yamuna may be an everyday reminder of the tragic state of water bodies but even in other parts of the country the condition is no better.As India prepares to host the upcoming 11th Conference of Parties at the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) in Hyderabad (October 8-19, 2012), SANDRP urged that it debates the pathetic state of Indian rivers, riverine and connected terrestrial biodiversity at CBD.According to SANDRP, even as the ministry of environment and forests (MOEF), reported in its latest submission to the CBD that it has increased protected areas from 1.33 lakh sq kms to 1.56 lakh sq kms, India has hardly a few protected areas for explicit protection of rivers and freshwater biodiversity.Only exceptions are National Chambal Sanctuary, Ken Gharial sanctuary, Sanjay Gharial sanctuary, Vikramshila Dolphin sanctuary and some others. \"Even these protected areas are facing huge water abstraction pressures from upstream and downstream. For example, the Ken Gharial sanctuary will be destroyed by the proposed Ken Betwa River Link proposal if it comes up,\" they said.SANDRP recommended that the government make a policy and law for protection of rivers and declare certain rivers in each state as 'no go areas.'\"They should be left in their natural state, not allowing any dams, hydropower projects or such structures on them. Millions in India depend on rivers for their livelihoods, but there is no protection for them when their livelihoods are affected by upstream dams and other interventions,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607008", "title": "Restrictions on undertrials", "text": "NEW DELHI: Undertrial prisoners will not be allowed to carry home-cooked food, dry fruit, sports shoes or other items inside the Tihar jail.A circular has been issued by the office of district session judge instructing all judicial officers to not allow 'undue benefits' to the undertrials.The move comes after jail authorities had complained to the courts that influential prisoners were being allowed to bring home-cooked food, sports shoes, etc inside the jail and it posed a serious security threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16608420", "title": "One-day camp for senior citizens", "text": "KOCHI: As part of the International Day for Elderly, the social welfare department in association with Kochi corporation, Kerala social security mission and district administration will organize a one day camp, Pranamam 2012, on Monday.Minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer will inaugurate the event which will be held in the Maharaja's College auditorium.Around 850 elderly persons, including inmates of old age homes and members of geriatric clubs in the district, will take part in the camp.Addressing the media here on Saturday, mayor Tony Chammany said 11 elderly persons, including justice V R Krishna Iyer, will be felicitated at the event. The oldest man and woman participating in the camp will also be felicitated.A photography and drawing competition for school and college students will also be organized on the day. The event was earlier planned in Thiruvananthapuram, said district social welfare officer general convener G Ramesh. Minister V K Ebrahim Kunju, MLA Hibi Eden and elected representatives will attend the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16608593", "title": "BJP loses Mymul chief's post to Congress candidate", "text": "MYSORE: BSY factor seems to have worked in the Friday's election to the president's post of Mysore Chamarajanagar Milk Union Ltd (Mymul). In a major setback to the ruling BJP, the party lost the post to Congress.Congress candidate Mahadevappa from Gundlupet taluk polled 12 votes, while BJP's C Omprakash -- incumbent president of Mymul -- got only nine. In a house of 21 members, BJP has a strength of six elected members, three officials and as many nominated members. Congress had five elected members, while JD(S) had four members.BJP leaders were sure of their candidate's victory, but three of its members cross-voted, because of which Omprakash is said to have suffered defeat.Though the election to Mymul chief's post is seen as a war of nerves between arch rivals Congress and BJP, sources said that it is the supporters of former CM B S Yeddyurappa who might have voted for the Congress candidate. The move is aimed teaching a lesson to BJP leaders in the district, especially district minister S A Ramdas, said to be a bete noire of Yeddyurappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "mysore/chamarajnagar", "code": "16616024", "title": "Vehicular traffic across Karnataka-Tamil Nadu border affected", "text": "MYSORE/CHAMARAJNAGAR: The vehicular traffic across Tamil Nadu border in Chamarajnagar has been affected following the heightened tension in the Cauvery belt in the aftermath of release of water to the lower riparian state.The vehicular traffic across the TN border was stopped after pro-Kannada activists detained a TN registered milk van at Chamarajnagar. People across the border are having a tough time to commute in the border areas in Chamarajnagar. Vehicles were stranded on either side of the border, especially at Punajanur check post, the connecting point to Coimbatore.The security has been beefed up in the border areas where Tamil population is concentrated, especially at Hanur, Gopinatham and Kollegal besides some areas in Chamarajnagar. With the vehicles stopping plying from either side, people are facing problems. Though there are no untoward incidents, the vehicular traffic stopped afternoon. The private buses too stopped operation, Chamarajnagar SP P Rajendra Prasad told The Times of India. \"There is no tension in the border areas either,\" he stated adding no Tamil organization has asked the cops for security.Chamarajnagar has six major points of contact with the border areas in TN, which operate hundreds of vehicles. With the vehicles stopping plying across the border, tourists heading to Ooty were affected. A senior police official said there are no incidents of violent protests in the district even when water was released to TN earlier. Except for violence in 1991 in the aftermath of the gazette notification of the setting up of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal, there were no violence in the district, he explained.When contacted, the Karnataka Tamil Sangams Federation vice president R Jagadeeshan said: \"People in the border areas are okay. There is no problem.\" According to Jagadeeshan, who is vice president of Chamarajnagar Tamil Sangam, Tamilians are living bonding with Kannadigas in the district and they have not sought police protection. He said people in the border areas are finding it difficult to commute across the border and vehicles were stopped. Buses are returning from Bannari, he stated.Meanwhile, playing safe, the KSRTC on Sunday withdrew its high-end Volvo bus services to Bangalore. Though it operated buses to Bangalore through Kanakapura, it withdrew the Volvo services fearing trouble.The Volvo buses are not operating between Bangalore and Mysore from Sunday. We withdrew its services as a precautionary measure, the Mysore (rural) divisional controller T R Naveen told TOI. \"We stopped the bus services via Mandya but are operating buses to Bangalore via Kanakapura,\" he stated. The public transporter has withdrawn its services across Mandya district. The train services remained uninterrupted except for Tipu Express which was detained at Mandya. However, there was heavy rush with commuters switching to rail service to travel on Bangalore sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16608473", "title": "Women caught trying to sell child", "text": "TRICHY: A 20-year-old destitute girl tried to sell her one-month old daughter in return for money as she lost hope of survival after a long struggle. Acting on a complaint, Paalakkarai police arrested the girl and a woman here on Saturday.The incident came to light in the wake of a complaint by a certain Muthulakshmi from Gorimedu in Trichy with the Paalakkarai police station. According to her complaint, a 20-year-old Abi alias Kalaivani approached Muthulakshmi to sell her one-month old daughter and she asked for Rs 5,000 in return for the child. Her friend Banumathi conspired with Kalaivani to sell the child. The duo made repeated pleas to Muthulakshmi to take the child in the past few days, but she refused to accept the child. Moreover, people in the area insisted that she lodge a complaint with the police.Based on the complaint, Paalakkarai police inspector PS Chithra made enquiries and confirmed the attempt to sell the child. Hence the police arrested Kalaivani and Banu on Saturday afternoon.Inspector Chithra told TOI, \"Our investigations have revealed that Kalaivani left home two years back after she got upset with the bad treatment meted out to her by her stepmother. Her father was also helpless. After that, her life turned upside down as she started residing on the roadside near Kooni Bazaar in Trichy. She said she got married to a man and got pregnant, but he also left her shortly. Then, she delivered a girl one month ago. Unfortunately, as she was reeling under extreme poverty she could not survive with the child. Hence she decided to sell her daughter. Banu conspired with her for this activity.\"Moreover, the inspector said, \"The duo met a number of persons who needed to adopt a child. Finally, they approached Muthulakshmi after knowing that she wanted a girl. Banu was also not a professional child broker.\"Later, the police registered a case against the duo and arrested them. They were remanded in judicial custody. The child was handed over at the creche at Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital in Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610679", "title": "I am not looking anymore for a boyfriend: Tulisa", "text": "Tulisa Contostavlos has revealed that she is not looking for a man right now, as she is having fun hanging out with her 'X Factor' host friend Caroline Flack.The 24-year-old singer dyed her hair blonde after splitting with British teen drama 'Skins' actor Jack O'Connell and reckoned that men loved it.\"I did have a change in male attention when I went blonde. When I first became single I just partied like mad for ages and I became bored with it,\" the Mirror quoted her, as saying.\"Then you think to yourself, 'Is it the right time to meet someone now?' But I'm bored with thinking about it to be honest. I'm over it - I'm not looking any more.\"They come when you're not looking. That's when it happens, so you never know,\" she said.For the moment she said she is enjoying hanging out with her gal pals that included her 'X Factor' host Flack.\"Me and Caroline like to party hard. We're the last ones to go to bed,\" Tulisa said.\"I don't know what it is about Caroline but when we get pi**ed, we flirt with each other. It's a cheeky girl thing.\"I'll go, 'Come on, Caroline, give us a snog', but we never have. I don't think we'd take it to that level, but with nutters like us, who knows?\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16608823", "title": "NGO wants photos of martyrs of Operation Bluestar at memorial", "text": "AMRITSAR: Demanding to display photographs of soldiers, who had lost their lives fighting militants hiding in Golden Temple during Operation Bluestar in 1984, Bharat Milan Nayas, Madhya Pradesh-based NGO, has asked Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) to immediately stop construction of memorial in memory of \"Khalistani elements\". Failing this, members of Nayas have warned to begin \"satyagrah\" to take up the issue with the common man, sit in front of Golden Temple and Akal Takht and shun food for seven days.Urging SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar to not repeat the mistake of former late president of SGPC, Gurcharan Singh Tohra, of allowing Khalistani elements to take shelter in religious place, Nayas president Roop Kishore Vashisht alias Roop Dadda speaking to TOI on Saturday said a delegate of Nayas had come to in Amritsar way back in 1982 to urge Tohra to not let Golden Temple be used for raising demand of Khalistan.\"Now, Makkar is making the same mistake of allowing construction of memorial to Operation Bluestar,\" he said. It is unfortunate that a memorial is being constructed at a religious place that too in memory of 150 Khalistani ideologists and 26 armed militants,\" he said.Advocate Ghanshyam Pathak, an office-bearer of Nayas, said the displaying photographs of separatists in museum would not only vitiate the peaceful atmosphere of country, but would also create tension by encouraging other separatist elements. \"Displaying portraits of militants is insult to the Indian Army,\" he added.Meanwhile, chief of Damdami Taksal, Sikh's prominent seminary, Baba Harnam Singh Khalsa, who has been entrusted with kar sewa of construction of memorial, refuted the apprehensions of Nayas. He said the construction of memorial was going on peacefully and no one has raised any objections. He said the memorial was a temple of peace. He said, \"Nayas could have some political intentions behind their objections which need to be probed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16607737", "title": "Trio held just before committing crime", "text": "NAGPUR: Acting fast on a tip-off, Ambazari Police arrested three persons who were planning to commit a crime. Police arrested Sujju Chavan, Mayur Chavan and Aslam Shaikh for possessing sharp weapons and chilli powder in Marartoli, Ram Nagar, on Friday night. Mukka Chawariya, the fourth culprit, managed to flee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16608746", "title": "Sarpanch murder: CBI takes over probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The CBI on Saturday took over investigation of murder of a 58-year-old sarpanch, Karam Singh of Karnal, in which two sitting MLAs \u2014 O P Jain and Zile Ram \u2014 are accused and registered an FIR. The FIR was registered under section 302 of the IPC and other relevant sections. The investigation is being conducted by special crime branch of CBI, Chandigarh.Karam Singh had died under suspicious circumstances on June 7, 2011, after he got a complaint lodged with police accusing Jain and Ram for duping him and his relatives to the tune of around Rs 13 lakh with the promise of providing his kin government jobs.In a dramatic move, Haryana police had claimed that Chand committed suicide and that the 58 wounds on his body were self-inflicted. Moreover, a few days later, on June 15, body of Chamel Singh, a key witness in the case, was also recovered under mysterious circumstances from Karnal.Rajinder Singh, son of Karam Chand, moved Punjab and Haryana high court when Haryana police turned the alleged murder into suicide case and reportedly gave a clean chit to both the politicians. The high court then marked CBI probe on August 31.Now, the police have been intimated about the development and a communication has been sent to provide all relevant documents, including postmortem examination report and the Karam Singh's complaint.DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal confirmed the development and maintained investigation was assigned to special crime branch. Meanwhile, CBI sources said prime suspects would be questioned shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16608777", "title": "Parkash Singh Badal's US case: Govt cornered over spending public money", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though the cash strapped SAD-BJP government in Punjab has bitten the bullet and imposed property tax to generate revenue for the government, at the same time it is shelling out $10,000 to fight a case slapped against chief minister Parkash Singh Badal in a district court in Winsconsin, USA.The government's move has kicked up a political storm back home. Congress has slammed the government for spending from the public exchequer and 'squandering away people's hard earned money given as taxes in defending personal cases of the CM.' Former Congress MLA said, \"On the one hand the government is defaulting on the RBI limit of overdraft every week, imposing property tax, hiking VAT to generate sources and on the other, money is being spent from public exchequer for personal benefits.\"Shiromani Akali Dal , the ruling party in Punjab, has termed Congress' opposition as proof of 'sick mentality'. Punjab has hired US law firm Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP to defend the CM in a federal law suit. Badal is fighting allegations of human rights violations and torture of Sikhs in Punjab. New York-based organization Sikhs for Justice (SFJ) and members of SAD (Amritsar), are the petitioners in the case and the lawsuit has been filed under Alien Torts Claims Act and Torture Victims Protection Act.The cash strapped government will cough up $10,000, which is only 'an initial payment', said sources in the advocate general's office.The government has also sought assistance from a Milwaukee-based firm \u2014 Michael Best and Friedrich LLP \u2014 to defend Badal who had time till August 30 to respond to the US court's summons. A three-member team headed by advocate general Ashok Aggarwal had visited the US in the last week of August to hunt for law firms which could defend Badal.On August 30, attorney Michelle L Jacobs of Michael Best and Friedrich LLP represented Badal and pleaded dismissal of the petition on the grounds that the defendant (Badal) had not been served the notice properly. It was also argued that the proof of service was not signed by a notary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16608412", "title": "1 held for stabbing girl", "text": "PANCHKULA: Police have arrested 32-year-old Kulbir Singh alias Laddi for stabbing a girl of Sector 21. He was remanded in custody for three days on Saturday. Kulbir stabbed the victim, who is a trainer in a gym in Abhyapur village in Sector 21, on Thursday. According to sources, the accused was known to the victim and her daughter, and there was a financial dispute between them. Sector-5 police station SHO Nupur Bishnoi said, Preliminary investigation reveals accused was demanding money from the complainant and attacked the girl when she refused to pay. Meanwhile, police have ruled out the involvement of any other person in the attack. A case was registered at police station in Sector 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16610876", "title": "Ananya dance fest at Purana Qila starts on October 6", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's time for cultural celebrations in the capital. The 11th edition of Ananya dance festival will be held from Oct 6-10, 2012 at the Purana Qila.The festival, with specially designed group choreographies, will feature artists like Saroja Vaidyanathan, Bharatanatyam (Delhi), Rani Karnaa, Kathak (Kolkata), Vijayalakshmi, Mohiniattam (Delhi), Rudraksh, Odissi (Bhubaneswar) and Shijith Nambiar, Bharatanatyam (Chennai).\"The festival has established itself as one of India's best showcase of purity and depth in Indian classical dance,\" said Sanjeev Bhargava, creative director, Ananya.As a special tribute to 150 years of ASI, the festival this year, will also reach out to nearly 100 school children who'll get the opportunity to interact with artists of the festival. According to Bhargava, the initiative is aimed at taking Indian culture to the students. \"And to present the creative industry - music, dance, theatre, art and related professions -- as a viable alternative career option amongst the younger generation,\" he said.Entry to the festival is free and on first come basis. The event has been organized by the Department of Art, Culture, Languages of the Government of Delhi and SEHER in association with Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and Doordarshan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16612025", "title": "Pen drives main threat to cyber security: Army", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite a ban, use of pen drives has emerged as the main threat to cyber security in defence forces as it is responsible for over 70% of such breaches in the three Services.The use of pen drives as an easy-to-carry storage device has increased in the recent past and internal reports have confirmed that over 70% cyber security breaches in the armed forces are due to their unauthorised use, Army officials told PTI here.\"These pen drives, which are mostly manufactured in China, have emerged as a big threat to our cyber security systems,\" they said.Fresh cyber security guidelines have been issued by the Army headquarters to protect sensitive military networks from hacker attacks, sources said.Measures have been taken by the other two services also to tighten their cyber security as IAF also recently issued instructions to its personnel warning them against having any official data on their personal computers and pen drives.All personnel have been asked to declare their Information Technology assets and have been asked not to have any official data on them, IAF officials said here.Anybody found violating these instructions in checks by cyber security personnel will draw strict action which may even amount to disciplinary action including court martial, they said.When asked about the development, IAF spokesperson Wg Cdr Gerard Galway confirmed the steps taken by the Air headquarters to safeguard its cyber assets and secret information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "supaul/araria", "code": "16608218", "title": "Nitish Kumar goes hammer and tongs against rivals", "text": "SUPAUL/ARARIA: Held under tight security cover with detention of suspects who could possibly disrupt the proceedings, chief minister Nitish Kumar's 'Adhikar Yatra' meetings at Supaul and Araria on Saturday evoked overwhelming response.Making a snide remark against his political opponents, the CM said violence could never be the medium of protest and the opposition had retreated into their self-imposed cocoons at the growing popularity of his government.\"The fight for the special category status is now a fight for the ambitions of the people of Bihar. One can pelt stones, even hurl bombs at me, but no power on earth can deflect me from my path. I am ready to shed every drop of blood for the welfare of Bihar,\" he roared at the rallies to galvanize support for the proposed 'Adhikar Rally' in Patna on November 4.Making a jibe at PM Manmohan Singh for spurning the demand for the special category status on the ground that Bihar was not a hilly state, the CM said, \"Bihar may not be a hilly state, but the fact remains that Bihar is worst affected being at the foothills of the Himalayas , and perennially went through the ordeal of floods and the aftermath.\"Raising ante against the Centre's lopsided view of Bihar, he said the state would have been on a different pedestal if Centre was alive to the need for construction of high dam in Nepal which could benefit both Bihar and Nepal, and thwart recurrent floods wrought by the turbulent Kosi.He also slammed the UPA government for denying coal blocks to the state which had offset all steps towards improvement in power supply situation. Talking of the grim power scenario in Bihar, the CM said while per capita consumption of energy in the state was pegged at 122 units, the national average was 722 units.Making a pitch for the special category status, the CM said the state would take another 25 years to come on par with other developed states in the country going the way it was mobilizing its own resources. The Gen X cannot wait for such a long time, he added.Among those who shared the dais were power minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, rural development minister Nitish Mishra, Jokihat MLA Sarfaraz Alam, Thakurganj MLA Naushad Alam and ex-minister Manzar Alam.Earlier, Araria Zila Pramukh Sangh secretary Ashok Biswas met the CM and presented a memorandum. The CM assured him to look into their grievances within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16607362", "title": "Women only bus service planned in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Here is a piece of good news for women who have been finding it difficult to travel by buses in late hours. The corporation is authorities areconsidering a proposal to introduce bus services exclusively for women. ladies-only bus service for women to travel in safety and comfort. provide safe and comfort travel for women.Mayor A K Premajam said that the civic body is planning to introduce the service within a year after consulting transport and police officials. She added that the proposal was included in the corporation's five year plan based on demands put forward by members during a recent meet.suggestion is included in the 12th five year plan on the basis of demand put forth by the members during the ward saba . We feel bus service for women is the need of the hour. The civic body is planning to introduce the project within a year after consulting the respective officials in the various departments,'' said Mayor.The proposal has made its way to the corporation's 12th five year plan (2012-2017). suggestion in this regard has been made in the 12th five year plan of the corporation prepared for the 2012 to 2017 year.The move was taken considering the problems faced by women while travelling in the public transport system. Women who travel in the night are also easy prey for harassment by men. in the hands of m by male passengers. The civic body is planning to introduce the facility after consulting the Regional Transport Authority, Police and other experts in the field. At present the facility is there in the New Delhi.Mayor A K Premajam said that the suggestion is included in the 12th five year plan on the basis of demand put forth by the members during the ward saba . We feel bus service for women is the need of the hour. The civic body is planning to introduce the project within a year after consulting the respective officials in the various departments,'' said Mayor.\"The fund allocation will be made after holding discussions with officials concerned associated with the field,\" said the mayor. Seconding the mayor Najma, convener of the Women and Children Working group constituted by the corporation for the implementation of five year plan said that the ward sbaha expressed the need to introduce five or six ladies friendly buses connecting all the major areas in the city.The women especially the working one in the city are feeling the necessity of the exclusive bus service for them. They feel the launch of ladies friendly bus service will put an end to the existing difficulty they experiencing to catch the buses and the sexual advancement of opposite sexes in the jam-packed buses during the journey.\"If the proposal materializes, it will prove as a blessing for working women. and those women who reaches the city in the night hoursLadies only bus service after 6 pm is a must in the city considering the growing number of working women. But at the same time, the authorities should not insist that women passengers must travel only in ladies bus services,'' said Dr K S Jayashree, general secretary of Streechetana.When contacted, Kozhikode regional transport officer Rajeev Puthalath said that at present transport department authorities do not have provisions to introduce ladies only bus services. \"If the meeting of the regional transport authority committee, headed by district collector, approves the proposal in its meetingthen the service can be introduced in the city,'' said the RTO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "sakhir", "code": "16611543", "title": "Chandhok's JRM Racing fail to finish Six Hours of Bahrain race", "text": "SAKHIR: Karun Chandhok and his JRM Racing team had a disappointing result at the Six Hours of Bahrain in the FIA World Endurance Championship as the outfit failed to finish the race due to electronic problems in the car.The HPD ARX-03a, driven by David Brabham , Peter Dumbreck and Chandhok had qualified in P3 in the privateers' class for the inaugural WEC race in the Middle East but electrical problems dented their chances of a good finish.Chandhok had started the six hours but the car developed a problem with the chassis electronics inside the one-hour mark. The team tried to reset all systems but could not fully regain the data needed to run the car.After 50 laps the car came into the pits to effect full repairs but after just one lap back on track, this time with Dumbreck, it became clear that the car required more fundamental work.The car returned to the garage for the team to conduct repairs and rejoined with one hour 10 minutes remaining, but was forced to retire shortly afterwards. Post race the problem was traced to a faulty loom section.\"In my second stint the race started to come to me - I was quicker than the other guys on used tyres and I think we could have had a good race. However very early on in the first stint I lost the power to the dash and the guys had no telemetry, which is critical for the engine and also knowing where we are on fuel consumption.\"We pitted quite conservatively and lost time as we were caught speeding in the pitlane - the pitlane limiter didn't work due to the electrical problem. From then on we tried to reset but it didn't work out. Sometimes it's like that, unfortunately,\" Chandhok said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16608411", "title": "Young discuss water conservation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the second day of the 7th International Youth Peace Fest (IYPF) a workshop on water conservation was organized. Youth of 35 countries came together to discuss water conservation and promote rain water harvesting to meet present and future water needs.Appreciating the initiative, Central Ground Water Board regional director Anil Kumar Bhatia said active involvement of youngsters can make big differences as they are the inheritors of the earth. Krishna Atthal, a participant from Mauritius , added, Youth participation at the grass-roots level has already contributed significantly to halting and reversing environmental degradation. On the occasion, Chinese delegation also went to Chandigarh Institute of Hotel Management &amp; Catering Institute (CIHM), Sector 42, to learn and try Indian recipes. He was later accompanied by young councillors from Sri Lanka .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16607963", "title": "US intel group finds Qaida link in envoy killing", "text": "WASHINGTON: The assault on the US consulate in Libya's Benghazi city was a \"deliberate and organized terrorist attack\" by groups affiliated with or sympathetic to al-Qaida, America's top intelligence agency has said.This is a significant turnaround of the previous version of the attack coming from the Obama administration that this was a spontaneous protest against an anti-Islam video. The attack resulted in the death of four Americans including the US ambassador to Libya.\"As we learned more about the attack, we revised our initial assessment to reflect new information indicating that it was a deliberate and organized terrorist attack carried out by extremists,\" Shawn Turner, the spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence, said in a statement.\"It remains unclear if any group or person exercised overall command and control of the attack, and if extremist group leaders directed their members to participate. However, we do assess that some of those involved were linked to groups affiliated with or sympathetic to al-Qaida,\" he said.In the unusual statement 17 days after the terrorist attack on US personnel and facilities in Benghazi, Turner said the intelligence community launched a comprehensive effort to determine the circumstances surrounding the assault and to identity the perpetrators and reviewed all available intelligence to determine if there might be follow-on attacks against US people or facilities in Libya or elsewhere.In the immediate aftermath of the attack on the Benghazi consulate, the statement said, there was information that led the intelligence community to assess that the attack began spontaneously following protests earlier that day at US embassy in Cairo.\"We continue to make progress, but there remain many unanswered questions. As more information becomes available our analysis will continue to evolve and we will obtain a more complete understanding of the circumstances surrounding the terrorist attack,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16607051", "title": "Adnan Sami moves high court to buy flat in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unusual request, Pakistani singer Adnan Sami has approached the Delhi high court seeking clearance to purchase property in the capital. Sami wants the court to strike down a Reserve Bank of India circular that prohibits persons of certain nationalities, including Pakistanis, from buying immovable property in India without its prior permission.Justice Rajiv Shakdher, seeing prima facie merit in Sami's argument, earlier this week issued notice to the Centre and the RBI and sought a response. Appearing for the Centre, additional solicitor general Rajeeve Mehra and standing counsel Sumeet Pushkarna assured the bench they will convey the government's clear stand on the matter.In his petition, Sami informed the HC he has been a resident of India for past 13 years and has even sung a World Cup Cricket song for the Indian team. Emphasizing his continuous long residence in India, Sami said he is a professional artist and is qualified to buy property in this country. Saying he often receives offers for purchase of property, the singer claimed he is unable to do so due to the RBI regulation.Sami also said he is keen on buying a flat in DLF Capital Greens in the city. However, as talks resumed the owners cited the RBI regulation and gave Sami three months time to either get RBI's nod to buy the flat or get the rule itself quashed from court.Acquisition of immovable property in India by foreign nationals is regulated in terms of provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA), 1999.The Act also recognizes the rights of 'person resident in India' and it is under this category that Sami claimed he is eligible to purchase property. According to Sami the RBI circular is discriminatory as even after long residence it requires a foreign citizen to seek permission from RBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16607997", "title": "Gujarat University syndicate elections today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University (GU) syndicate elections will be held here on Sunday. Elections will be held for 10 syndicate seats and three seats on the Board of Accounts.GU campus is expected to see lot of political action as both BJP and Congress are in combat mode in the run up to the state assembly elections to be held later this year.Nineteen candidates are in the fray for ten syndicate seats while five candidates are contesting the three Board of Accounts seats.Friday and Saturday saw hectic action in the run up to the syndicate elections. While VC Adesh Pal held a dinner for BJP candidates and senate supporters at BJP leader Amit Thakker's Lokmanya College, Congress is also reported to have gathered its candidates to finalize their strategy to get maximum seats in the election.There were reports of hectic lobbying by BJP leaders, including ministers and councilors, who are reported to have pressurized senate members to support BJP candidates.Congress is known to have greater support in academic circles putting greater performance pressure on the BJP as well as newly appointed VC Adesh Pal to ensure that BJP supported candidates win.GU officials said voting will be conducted from 12.45 to 3 pm while counting will be completed by late evening. The results will be declared on Sunday itself.With disgruntlement among the GU leaders with BJP leanings, leaders like Kaushik Patel were given the job to lobby with senate members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16610350", "title": "Not just dance, they love singing too", "text": "Sure, the city's party peeps love to dance, but they're just as enthu about picking up a mic and belting out their fave tunes. Which is why this Goa-themed music hotspot was packed recently on its karaoke night.Madhuri, Dhivik and Anu, among others, crooned their favourite tracks, while the rest of the revellers in attendance grooved the evening away. Nadia and Tejaswini hotted things up in their slinky numbers, as did Riya and Sharon. We also spotted Suhail, Riddhika and Pooja having a great time at this bash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16607230", "title": "Youth resisting robbers stabbed", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 28-year-old man was stabbed to death when he tried to resist theft at his house here in Sarai Maali Khan locality under Thakurganj police station area on Saturday. The man was identified as Kishore Kumar, resident of Sarai Maali Khan locality of Thakurganj.Police said the assailants entered the house on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday when Kishore Kumar was alone in his house. His wife and other family members, including two brothers, had gone to their relatives' place. The incident came to light only when neighbours got suspicious and spotted the body of Kishore lying in a pool of blood at around 11 am. The neighbours informed Kishore's brother Rajesh Kumar, who rushed to the house and informed the police. Police entered the house after breaking the main door, which was bolted from inside. The assailants slit his throat before stabbing him several times on his chest and face.The belongings in the house were found scattered and the lock of the almirah was broken. An FIR had been lodged and the matter was being probed. On the basis of the modus operandi, police are also probing if there was personal enmity behind the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16608231", "title": "Transport minister avoids the issue of bus fares hike", "text": "KOLKATA: Transport minister Madan Mitra on Saturday managed to avoid the issue of bus fares hike at a meeting with transport operators in the city. He also urged them not to call any strike till a meeting of the group of ministers on fare revision takes place. \"They will not call any strike in the next seven days. We will hold the next meeting on October 7,\" Mitra said stepping out of the meeting on Friday.The minister also said that no decision on revising bus fares was taken on Friday's meeting. \"I am not authorized to revise fares. Only the empowered group of ministers can take the decision. We want to sort out the entire matter through discussions. Till then, no strikes should take place,\" he said.Earlier this month, Mitra had held another meeting with transport operators in order to dissuade them from staging a strike.\"We handed the minister a white paper on the transport economy on Friday. The paper shows how unviable the trade has become. So, without a fare revision, there is no alternative,\" said Tapan Banerjee of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates, the biggest bus operators' association in the city.\"Staging a strike is not our cup of tea. We are in the trade to earn a living. But that has become tough as we have all been bleeding to run buses. With petroleum prices being increased frequently, we are incurring huge losses,\" added Bengal Bus Syndicate's Dipak Sarkar.Admitting that the operators were having difficulties in running bus services, the transport minister said, \"They gave their views and opinions in detail. We listened to their views. It is true that the cost of running buses has gone up. Diesel prices have increased. The chief minister herself has staged a dharna to protest against rising fuel prices and entry of FDI in multi-brand retail. The situation is not conducive for them as well. With the festive season just round the corner, commuters will suffer if any strike takes place now,\" the minister said.However, Mitra also admitted that the number of buses plying on the roads have come down. \"It is true that less buses are plying on the roads at present. We will arrange for more buses on our own if the bus operators cannot provide service,\" the minister said.Both minibus and taxi operators said that the government must make up its mind within the next nine days. \"After that, we just cannot provide service any more. We will not be surprised if you find transport operators committing suicide. The loss is dangerously piling up. Running buses or taxis has become a liability,\" said one of the transport operators who attended Friday's meeting.Members of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates will meet on Monday to chart their way ahead. \"It is a make-or-break situation for us now,\" said Sadhan Das, secretary of the organization.The bus operators had earlier observed an indefinite strike that went on for two days. They withdrew the strike after holding a meeting with the transport minister at Writers' Buildings. The bus operators had called off the strike after they reportedly got some \"assurance from the government\" that their demand for a fare hike will be looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16608725", "title": "G Venkatasubbaiah is Shabd Brahma: L K Advani", "text": "BANGALORE: Noted lexicographer Prof G Venkatasubbaiah (GV) on Saturday urged chief minister Jagadish Shettar to set up committees of young lexicographers to bring out two-three language dictionaries in Kannada.Speaking at a felicitation organized by Sri Jayarama Seva Mandali, the centurion also urged the state government to immediately reopen the 'nighantu kacheri' (dictionary office) at the Kannada Sahitya Parishat which was closed for the past two decades.Senior BJP leader LK Advani lauded GV for his contribution to enriching the Kannada language. \"The title 'Shbda brahma' is appropriate for him. Working in the field of language for so long is a big achievement,\" he said.While Bangalore South MP HN Ananth Kumar urged the state government to confer the 'Karnataka Ratna', the highest civilian award on GV, CM Shettar said the celebrated lexicographer deserves more than just the award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-30"}
