{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039801", "title": "Rayapati Company gets Polavaram contract", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move that could raise the hackles of pro-Telangana groups, the state government on Wednesday granted the much-delayed Polavaram project tender to Transstroy India Limited, a company owned by Guntur Congress MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao. Insiders said the move to grant the project tender to Rayapati is indicative of the Congress high command's efforts to placate the senior MP, who is sulking ever since he was denied a berth in the Union council of ministers recently.The government asked the company to submit Rs 200 crore as a bank guarantee and enter into an agreement within 15 days. The value of tender was Rs 4,717 crore while Transstroy bagged the tender by quoting 14% less than the project cost. The four other bidders were -- Soma Constructions-CGCA, SEW Infrastructure Patel, Madhucon-Sinu Hydro and IVRCL.\"It was a clear strategy to pacify the Guntur MP by granting the tender to the company owned by him,\" sources said. Though the move could invite the ire of Telangana protagonists who want the contract for a company based in Telangana, the government went ahead with its decision. Rayapati has been threatening to quit the Congress for a long time. He flew into a rage when his request to be made the chairman of TTD was also not considered.Environmental activists and locals have been maintaining that a minimum of 3,500 tribal villages will be submerged if the project materialises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17040342", "title": "Committee visits college to review its autonomous status", "text": "COIMBATORE: The autonomous review committee of Bharathiar University visited the Coimbatore Government Arts College on Wednesday to examine the autonomous status of the college. The committee headed by the Vice-Chancellor G James Pitchai, University Registrar P K Manoharan and other senior university officials reviewed the facilities of the college. Based on its review it will send a report to the University Grants Commission (UGC), which would also conduct a review and then decide on whether to extend autonomous status to the college.The college enjoyed autonomous status for the past twenty five years. Every 6 years, there is supposed to be a review of the autonomous status of the college. The university committee will send a confidential report to the UGC which would also depute a committee. The UGC committee would take the final decision on the extension of autonomous status to the college.A senior professor at the college said that they have asked university officials to increase the number of classrooms at the college. \"At present the college is functioning in two shifts due to the lack of classrooms. This is the major lacuna we face,\" said the professor. He said that they have told the officials that the issue would be looked into.At present there are around fourteen under graduate courses and ten post graduate courses offered in the morning shift from 9.30am to 1.30pm. In the second shift between 1.30pm and 6.30pm around 13 under graduate and 8 post graduate courses are offered. College officials are demanding around fifty additional classrooms. University sources indicated that they would request for additional funds from the government to address these limitations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17042239", "title": "Dance, sing your way", "text": "MANGALORE: They are more often than not busy crunching numbers or meeting sales target or planning moves to outwit their corporate rivals and thereby tend to remain oblivious to happenings around them. Prathibha 2012, a new concept for corporate sector, provides opportunity for employees of various companies to showcase their talent.Manipal Ace will provide a platform for employees and teachers to exhibit their talent in singing, dancing or any other special talent.The event is an initiative of Kumble Narasimha Prabhu, CEO and MD of Manipal Ace Event Management Company Limited.Prathibha 2012 will be held at TV Raman Pai Convention Hall on November 3.Participants may present any form of music or dance and the judges will choose the best in three categories - singing, dancing and other talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040386", "title": "Rs 4.5-cr complex for social sciences planned", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune (UoP) has planned a Rs 4.5-crore academic complex that will house various departments and facilities for social sciences.\"The proposed new academic staff college (ASC) facility will be a part of this complex,\" Sanjeev Sonawane, dean of UoP's education faculty and officiating director of ASC, told TOI on Wednesday.Sonawane said, \"The complex will come up on the open space behind the SET guest house. Construction work for the same is expected to start in a month's time.\" The complex will also house the inter-disciplinary school of social sciences, departments of education, adult and continuing education and psychology, he said.As of now, the ASC, which has an inter-university status, has been operating from makeshift premises at the old Poddar complex on the varsity campus. \"The space is limited and there are constraints in operating the ASC as per recommendations of the National Assessment and Accreditation Council,\" he said.\"The plan is to establish the new complex in a phased manner over the next two years, with an initial focus on the construction of an 88-seat teachers' hostel. The work on the hostel was initiated in August,\" he said.The larger part of the work, which involves the ASC, department of education facilities, canteen, auditorium and a second hostel for the visiting facility, has taken some time due to the government's restrictions on projects costing over Rs 2.5 crore at state universities.\"The university had recommended to the governor and chancellor the need to change the ordinance that restricts such projects. The governor had referred the matter to the state government for an opinion. The government has recently given a positive response to the governor for removal of the restriction,\" Sonawane said.\"We expect an order from the governor's office in the next few days, which will enable us to go ahead with our plan,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17041411", "title": "Colourful youth festival enters Day 3", "text": "LUDHIANA: Youth festival at Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University entered its third day on Wednesday, showcasing soft and satiric pieces of poetry along with multi-coloured art pieces of rangoli and posters.The day was dedicated to poetry recitation \"Haas Ras Poetry\", creative writing, poster making and rangoli competitions. Director of extension education of the veterinary university Dr Ranjodhan Singh Sahota presided over as the chief guest.Students used poetry to express their thoughts on current and important issues. Dr V B Joshi, principal of Veterinary Polytechnic, was the chief guest for the poster making completion, titled \"India of my Dreams\".In the Rangoli competition, chief guest was Dr Asha Dhawan, dean of College of Fisheries. Dr Satinder Pal Singh Sangha, director student welfare, said that the youth festival will enter a more colourful and musical phase when the main events are staged on November 1.Colleges of the university - College of Veterinary Science, College of Dairy Science and Technology, College of Fisheries and School of Animal Biotechnology participated, along with affiliated college - Khalsa College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040214", "title": "Asad, the Madhya Pradesh connect to AR Rahman show", "text": "BHOPAL: There is local connect to the global band of AR Rahman that would perform on Thursday at Lal Parade ground on the occasion of foundation day of Madhya Pradesh. Considered as a new age sitar maestro from Mewati Gharana, Asad Khan has roots from Indore.\"Playing on the foundation day is fantastic feeling. We belong to the Mewati Gharana of singing,\" said Asad Khan whose forefathers were court musicians of the then rulers Holkars.However, it is not just the sufi influence which he and Rahman share. \"Every artiste who play with Rahman knows their bar, but it is only with AR Rahman who lets us explore and even do solo. He even lets us play his music according to our liking,\" said the sitar maestro.Synchronization with the band is challenging and one gets fresh version of every track in every concert performed with Rahman, he said.Khan has worked with the likes of American pianist, keyboardist, bandleader and composer Herbie Hancock , Jamiroquai (jazz funk and Acid jazz band) and London Philharmonic Orchestra (LPO) among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040437", "title": "40-year-old dies of dengue at private hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 40-year-old woman diagnosed with dengue became the latest victim of the mosquito-borne disease which has already claimed two lives this season. Nidhi Chawla, a resident of Safdarjung Enclave, who was undergoing treatment at Fortis hospital, Vasant Kunj, had a dangerously low platelet count and died of multiple-organ failure on Wednesday, said doctors at the hospital.\"The patient was brought here from another private hospital in a serious condition. Despite our best efforts, she could not be saved,\" said Dr Vivek Nangia, head of the pulmonology department, Fortis hospital. He confirmed that it was a case of dengue death.South Delhi Municipal Corporation, however, claimed it had not received the death report yet. \"As per our records, a total of 1,019 dengue cases and two deaths have been reported so far. We will verify the medical records of this particular case,\" said a senior corporation official.Chawla, who is survived by two children and her husband, was diagnosed with dengue on Friday, said her brother. \"Her health condition was fine. She even walked to the hospital where she was first admitted. However, they did not handle the case well and we had to shift her to Fortis hospital,\" he said.Pankaj Aggarwal, general secretary, Safdarjung Enclave Resident Welfare Association ( RWA), expressed shock over the death. \"She had come to our house on Dussehra. Later, we got to know that she had caught the infection. But we never thought her condition could deteriorate like this,\" Aggarwal said. He claimed that several others in the society have also tested positive for dengue.A nine-year-old girl from Sangam Vihar and a one-year-old have died due to the viral infection at AIIMS and Lok Nayak hospital respectively. Both the cases were reported by the municipal corporations.Delhi health minister A K Walia recently held a review meeting to assess the dengue situation in the capital, saying that the corporations had failed to do their job as far as checking mosquito breeding and carrying out fogging operations was concerned.He had directed health officials to double the number of fogging machines per ward (from two to four) and use three-wheelers with loudspeakers to spread awareness on the prevention and control of dengue. He had also asked the civic bodies to rope in aanganwadi and ASHA workers for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "palamu/gaya", "code": "17041547", "title": "Rights team calls for NHRC intervention", "text": "PALAMU/GAYA: National team of Coordination of Democratic Rights Organisation (CDRO), a conglomeration of around a dozen civil liberties organisations that was on a three-day visit to villages in Bihar and Jharkhand, have decided to approach the National Human Rights Commission with their fact finding report calling for the later to intervene.The 14-member CDRO team with local socio-political activists visited the villages on the borders of Bihar and Jharkhand, held discussions with them and have prepared a report categorising the case studies into incidents of fake encounters, false cases to implicate innocent people with political motives and atrocities against women , minority and members of mahadalit community which dominate the region in terms of demography.National secretary of People Union for Democratic Rights (PUDR) Gautam Navlakha who was also a part of the fact finding mission said different humanist organisations received complaints from the villagers about they being made the worst sufferers in the turf war of Maoists and their splinter groups and further being tortured by security forces.\"We had complaints of fake encounter, dalits and minority population being falsely implicated in Naxalite cases and villagers in these regions being deprived of their basic human rights which included denial to handover dead bodies or even conducting of postmortem on some of the bodies despite being killed in gun injury.\"We spoke to the villagers and the Maoists also came to place their point of view during the visit but the Bihar police refused to answer to some of the allegations levelled against them by the villagers,\" said CDRO Jharkhand convener Shahsi Bhushan Pathak. \"We had left a word for the cadres of Tritiya Sammlena Prastuti Committee to come up with their arguments but after initial readiness they too backed off,\" he said.The team that comprised members of association for protection of democratic rights, Andhra Pradesh civil liberties committee, People union of civil liberties Bihar and Jharkhand besides People Union for Democratic Rightsconcluded with the fact finding mission that an undeclared war is going on and government has every responsibility to protect the innocent villagers.\"There is hardly any arrangement for irrigation, education or medical facilities for the villagers. Schools and referral hospitals in harihargunj block of Palamu district of Jharkhand, banke bazaar, sherghati and Barachatti region of Gaya district in Bihar and Dumaria and Chhakarbaggha region of Aurangabad district also in Bihar have been converted to police camps,\" Navlakha said.J Lingama of APCLC said that in one of the cases they have got evidences that one villager named Karu Bhokta of was killed by gun injury when he was forced to carry police belongings with other villagers. \"His body was cremated without any post-mortem and no case was registered by the police,\" he said expressing doubt that it could be a case of civilians being used as human shields during an encounter.Another member of the fact finding team NK Geet from Punjab said that villagers have accused TPC of being hand in glove with the policemen and targeting the villagers when Maoists movement are noticed. \"The villagers are forced to feed the cadres passing through villages and for this crime of theirs sometimes police lodges FIR for being Maoist supporters and at times TPC members attack on them to take revenge,\" he said calling for an intervention of NHRC to direct the home departments of both the state for a prompt action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040057", "title": "Mohan Babu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s guards beat up protesters", "text": "HYDERABAD: Members of a Brahmin association who went to actor-producer Mohan Babu's house in Film Nagar to protest against alleged derogatory portrayal of their community in the latest release 'Denikaina Ready' were thrashed by the actor's security personnel on Wednesday.At about 8 pm, AP Brahmin Seva Sangha Samakhya youth wing leader D Ravi Kumar went to a local TV channel's office in Film Nagar to talk about the ongoing controversy.\"While I was at their office, the TV channel started running scrolls about the ongoing controversy and the discussion to be held soon at the studio. Thinking that Mohan Babu will be coming to the ABN studio, about 40 members of Brahmin community from Malkajgiri reached there to stage a dharna,\" Ravi Kumar said.The protesters later realised that Mohan Babu was not there and they decided to disperse. While returning home, some protesters raised slogans against Mohan Babu when they reached his house. Some of them reportedly pelted stones at the actor's house.At this stage, the security personnel intercepted the youth and began thrashing them with lathis. Talking to the media, Mohan Babu's son Vishnu alleged that the miscreants attacked his house and his security personnel only retaliated in self defence. It is shameful on their part to attack the house when only my mother was present there. My father and I were away when the incident happened. The miscreants damaged a door and other articles. We are not wearing bangles to remain silent. Our security personnel retaliated in self defence,\" Vishnu said.\"Police were present at the house when the attack occurred and it appears that private security personnel of Mohan Babu kept fibre lathis ready anticipating some trouble,\" Ravi Kumar said.Four protesters suffered injuries in the attack and were rushed to a nearby private hospital. When contacted, Banjara Hills ACP E Shankar Reddy said police did not lathicharge anyone.\"The preliminary information available with us is that miscreants attacked Mohan Babu's house with stones and the security guards retaliated. We have heard that some people suffered injuries. The injured lodged a complaint. We are investigating the issue,\" the ACP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040328", "title": "Complainant in Bakery blast case untraceable", "text": "PUNE: The cashier at German Bakery, Pravin Ramkumar Pant, who had lodged the police complaint after the blast ripped the place on February 13, 2010, is untraceable even though the trial in the case is at its fag end with the prosecution having examined 102 witnesses.The police have been searching for him and court summons have also been sent to his residence in Nepal. Pant has changed his cell phone number since the blast. The Nepali workers who lived with him on the first floor of the bakery at Koregaon Park also say they have been unable to trace him.The 34-year-old Pant, who hails from Chakrapath in Kathmandu, was working at the bakery for 10 years. He is the first witness in the blast %case, having recorded his first information report vide crime register number 83/2010 with the Bund Garden police station. The blast had killed 17 and injured 64.The state anti-terrorism squad (ATS), which had investigated the case, had arrested the lone conspirator, Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig of Udgir in Latur district, and filed a chargesheet against him. Pant was named as witness number one in the chargesheet.As per general practice, the court records evidence of the complainant as the first witness in a criminal case. If the complainant is not available, the prosecution goes ahead with recording evidence of other witnesses. If the complainant is traced at a later stage, the prosecution can record his evidence. And if the complainant is not traceable, the prosecution can rely on the evidence of other important witnesses. The prosecution can prove the FIR by relying on the evidence of the investigating officer.Senior lawyer A Rehman, who is representing Baig, said, \"The prosecution had earlier given an intimation to the court that Pant was not available for recording evidence. The prosecution has to prove the contents of the FIR by recording the evidence of the complainant. The prosecution's case will be affected if the complainant is not available.\"However, special public prosecutor Raja Thakare told TOI that there would be no impact on the prosecution's case if Pant was not examined. \"Pant has registered a formal complaint. The other witnesses, including the bakery owner Snehal Kharose, have given details of what Pant had said in the FIR. Pant had not given any exclusive information,\" he said.Thakare said an FIR is not a substantive piece of evidence. \"Pant's FIR had set the law into motion. He had not named anyone in the complaint. The credibility of the prosecution's evidence will not suffer if Pant is not examined. The case against the accused will not be adversely affected if Pant is not present during the trial,\" he said.Assistant commissioner of police (crime branch) Vinod Satav, who had investigated the case when he was posted at the ATS, said, \"Pant was not found at his Nepal address. We have tried our best to track him down.\"Of the 102 witnesses examined by the prosecution, ten have identified Baig. The second-last witness in the case, Mumbai ATS inspector Dinesh Kadam, was examined by the prosecution on Tuesday. He will be cross-examined on November 3. After him, only Satav remains to be examined in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17042409", "title": "Oriental Institute finally gets a facelift", "text": "MYSORE: The University of Mysore is finally making amends. After being neglected for years, the Oriental Research Institute (ORI) building is getting a facelift and the leaky roof and mossy walls are being fixed.The 111-year-old classical building's restoration has a unique feature: lime mortar will be used for conservation. It was used by the original builders in 1891. The structure smacks of colonialism - it was built to commemorate the reign of Queen Victoria. Realizing the potential danger to its treasures - there are 60,000 manuscripts including Kautilya's 'Arthashastra' which is at least 450 years old, the varsity has started conservation work, which could be completed by next November.A $50,000 grant from the US government , handed over by consul-general Jennifer McIntyre in February, provided a welcome boost and the varsity finally started groundwork.\"The conservation includes attending to civil needs and redoing internal wiring so that the structure is fit to store the manuscripts,\" vice-chancellor VG Talawar told TOI. Part of the conservation cost is borne by the higher education institution, which got it from the archaeology department after the university was set up in 1916. \"We'll conserve it like the bungalow where President S Radhakrishnan stayed while teaching at Maharaja's College. We won't use cement at all,\" the VC explained. The cost of years of is estimated at Rs 39 lakh, including Rs 7 lakh for the rewiring.Sanskrit scholar Vidwan M Shivakumarswamy, who was instrumental in getting the US grant, said the roof is leaking and there are electrical problems. Though there were two fires owing to faulty wiring, luckily they didn't spread, he said. NS Rangaraju, professor of ancient history and archaeology, who studied its structural stability, said some tiles on the roof are broken. \"The wooden floor in the cellar is affected by the seepage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039838", "title": "Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation letting SE nabbed by ACB off the hook", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's assurances of cleaning up the irrigation sector seem to be nothing but an eyewash as the officers who have been indicted in corruption cases are attending office as if nothing has happened. Chavan had recently ordered departmental enquiries against 45 engineers but many insiders feel that nothing would come out of it.Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) had nabbed Madan Mate, superintending engineer (SE) of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC), on October 7 for demanding bribe from a contractor. ACB had found Rs21 lakh cash in Mate's house. The officer remained in police lock up for around 24 hours and was then remanded to police custody by court for another 24 hours. If a government servant stays in police custody for more than 24 hours, then he has to be suspended as per law. However, this has not happened in case of Mate.When TOI asked VIDC executive director PC Zapke on Wednesday as to why no action had been taken against Mate, he hesitantly said that he would ask the chief engineer (CE) concerned to send Mate's file to find out what could be done. Apparently, VIDC has no intention of taking action against Mate.A contractor Subhash Kasangottuwar's had made the lowest bid for constructing a minor canal. However, since it was 23 per cent above the estimate, the case went to SE Mate for approval. Kasangottuwar had given power of attorney to another contractor Awesh Khan Pathan to get the paperwork done. Mate demanded bribe for clearing the tender from Pathan, who complained to ACB.Exasperated by lack of action against Mate, Kasangottuwar and Pathan convened a press conference and alleged that Mate was being protected by some politicians and water resources officials. \"ACB officials told us that they had sent the report to command area development (CAD) secretary EB Patil several days ago but no action has been taken so far,\" said Pathan.\"The wife of EE Sonkusare had alleged that her husband committed suicide due to Mate. The two-member committee appointed by VIDC found substance in the allegations but the enquiry is proceeding at a snail's pace,\" they said.Pathan further said that MP Marotrao Kowase, guardian ministers of Nagpur and Chandrapur districts and several public representatives have given written complaints against Mate but VIDC has not taken any cognisance.The duo also claimed that minister of state for water resources Vijay Wadettiwar had met the CM for stalling action against Mate. However, Wadettiwar alleged that Kasangottuwar was a close aide of MLC Mitesh Bhangadia (his bitter enemy) and hence was levelling baseless allegations against him. \"I have no idea of the Mate case. I will file a defamation suit against the contractor,\" the ex-minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17042467", "title": "Hawaii-like volcanic soil on Mars", "text": "WASHINGTON: Nasa's Curiosity rover which completed its first soil analysis on Mars has found minerals on the Red Planet similar to weathered basalt volcanic soils in Hawaii. X-ray diffraction image of first Martian soil sample showed the presence of crystalline feldspar, pyroxenes and olivine mixed with some non-crystalline material - similar to volcanic soils in Hawaii.The minerals were identified in the first sample of Martian soil ingested recently by the rover, Nasa said. Curiosity used its Chemistry and Mineralogy instrument (CheMin) to obtain the results, which are filling gaps and adding confidence to earlier estimates of the mineralogical makeup of the dust and fine soil widespread on the Red Planet. \"We had many previous inferences and discussions about the mineralogy of Martian soil,\" said David Blake of NASA Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, California. \"Our quantitative results provide refined and in some cases new identifications of the minerals in this first X-ray diffraction analysis on Mars,\" Blake said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17040128", "title": "Monteiro is new director of prosecution", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's senior-most public prosecutor Shiral Monteiro has been elevated as the director of prosecution with effect from November 1. Monteiro succeeds Shoba Dhumasker, whose extension expired on October 31.Official sources told TOI that the government issued the order for Monteiro's promotion on Wednesday after the high court gave its concurrence to his appointment.Monteiro joined the prosecution department in 1987 as assistant public prosecutor and was promoted to public prosecutor in 1997. He has conducted prosecutions in Mapusa, Margao and Panaji , where he was currently posted. Monteiro has also conducted prosecutions in the NDPS court at Mapusa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039771", "title": "Tanishq eyes the sky with fighter pilot dreams", "text": "NAGPUR: His gentle persona just doesn't give away the fact that Tanishq Diddee wants to be a fighter pilot. The Std XII student from Centre Point School (Katol Road) has already hit some of his targets by making it to the last 105 for the prestigious Times Scholars event.\"I am not aggressively competitive but once I set my sights on something, I will settle for nothing less than victory,\" says Tanishq, maintaining his pleasant smile throughout. As a child, he got the opportunity to visit an Indian Air Force base in Rajasthan and to sit in a fighter plane on the tarmac. \"Just by sitting in the cockpit I was thrilled and decided that I would love to fly one of these when I grow up,\" says Tanishq.With a natural inclination towards engineering, Tanishq is hoping to get into one of the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT). \"I want to complete my graduation in the mechanical stream and then apply for the Short Service Commission (SSC) in the IAF,\" he said.When asked why he would prefer the five-year stint of SSC for his dream job, the practical side of him takes over. \"I might get into the Indian Air Force but there is no guarantee that I will become a fighter pilot. If I don't perform well during the training, they might give me aircraft maintenance or make me fly choppers. In such a case, I will just complete my five years and then quit for a private job like a plant manager in some power plant,\" says Tanishq.He keeps a cool and mature head when trying to explain why going from fighter pilot to being a plant manager at a private firm is \"not that bad\". Tannish shrugs while saying, \"If I get to fulfil my dream, then fine. But even if I fail I am not going to whine about it but try to do my best somewhere else. That is the reason I am not opting for the National Defence Academy, as they make you sign a 20-year contract. The IIT education is my fallback, in case I don't get my dream job.\"The teenager already has a packed itinerary that begins at 5.30 in the morning and ends almost at midnight. \"I am a national level swimmer so I have to go for practice every day at 6am. Then school, tuitions and studies keep me occupied till late night. But I like the busy schedule and rarely do I feel tired,\" says Tanishq.But despite his busy schedule, Tanishq knows the importance of chilling out. \"I like to watch movies and am a big Salman Khan fan. His movies are basically funny and have brainless plots, so total satisfaction is guaranteed. I also like watching the TV serial CID as it is hilarious and everything is possible there,\" he says.Tanishq displays a disapproving facial gesture when asked about books. \"I just don't like reading or writing. Apart from my academic books, I just read the technology magazines, but that is it. You will never catch me reading a novel or storybook,\" he says.Talk about Times Scholars and his eyes light up. \"My father was convinced that I will make the cut regardless of the competition. Now that I have made it to the last 105 candidates, I will give it my best and hope to make it all the way,\" says Tanishq.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17042104", "title": "Govt moots nuclear power plant at Kursela in Katihar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government has identified a site at Kursela in Katihar district for setting up a nuclear power plant in the state. A fresh proposal has been sent to the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL). It is part of the state government's efforts to identify new sites for nuclear, thermal and hydel power stations in order to meet the huge demand and supply gap in the energy sector.Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) chairman P K Rai said: \"Nuclear power plants need sufficient water for their operation. Recently, we have identified a suitable place at Kursela for the nuclear power plant, where water requirement would be met.\"A few years back, NPCIL had proposed setting up a 4x700MW nuclear power plant at Rajauli in Nawada district. But due to inadequate water availability, the proposal is still hanging in balance.BSEB chairman Rai said that 320 cusecs of water was required for the Rajauli project, of which 160 cusecs would be consumptive. Bihar's water resources development ( WRD) department had indicated that adequate quantity of water would not be available from the proposed Dhanarjay reservoir and existing Phulwaria reservoir for a 4x700MW plant.\"Therefore, we had requested the NPCIL to reduce the project capacity to 2x700MW instead of 4X700MW by utilizing 127 cusecs of water,\" Rai said.In view of the serious crisis of coal, Bihar government has renewed its plea for setting up a nuclear power plant at Rajauli. The issue was raised recently at a meeting of states' energy ministers in New Delhi. Bihar's energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav had said that land for the nuclear power plant had already been selected in 2007.\"We have requested the NPCIL to have a relook at the project in the light of expected availability of water,\" Rai said. A few years back, the BSEB had requested the NPCIL to set up a power plant with a reduced capacity of 4x450MW or 2x700MW.Since there is not a single nuclear power plant in the eastern region, it would be a great relief for the energy- starved people of the region if such a plant is set up. Recently, NPCIL has identified four new sites in the country for setting up indigenously-designed Pressurized Heavy Water Reactors (PHWR). These plants are expected to come up in Haryana, Rajasthan and MP. At these sites, 2x700MW power plants are proposed to be set each in the first phase, which may later be expanded to 2,800MW capacity each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17040928", "title": "Schoolchildren bring spirit of India alive", "text": "MOHALI: Celebrating the spirit of India, the students of The Millennium School presented a dance drama show, \"Aashateet\" to salute patriots who gave up their lives so that we could live in an independent India.The show was staged to mark the school's annual day function. On the occasion, the school also honoured CBSE toppers of the session 2011-2012, Himanshu Jain, Inderpreet Chakal and Jashanpreet. Meanwhile Himanshu was also presented a merit certificate from CBSE for an outstanding result. The function concluded with a song and dance performance on \"Sare jahan se accha.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041351", "title": "IAS exodus: Two more bureaucrats leave Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Even as the state grapples with an acute shortage of IAS officers, chief minister Mamata Banerjee lost two more bureaucrats. While environment secretary R P S Kahlon has been appointed the chairman of Kolkata Port Trust, Subrata Gupta, secretary, industrial reconstruction department, has become the jute commissioner.The exodus of IAS officers in the state started with the Nandigram crisis, after which several bureaucrats sought central deputation. A section of them became private secretaries to the Union ministers of state who were from the Trinammol Congress.When Mamata took over as the chief minister, she cried herself hoarse on the crunch in IAS officers. Initially, she turned down applications from the state I AS officers seeking central transfers. However, with time, she started letting them go.Earlier, Mamata Banerjee allowed Tuk Tuk Kumar of 1981batch and Raghavendra Singh of 1983 batch to seek central deputations. Kumar is waiting for a berth at the Centre.The chief minister also agreed to the release of Anil Agarwal , a senior officer, a few months back. Sources said this was because she wanted to clear the deck for Sanjay Mitra to become additional chief secretary. Mitra later took over as the state's chief secretary.As far as Kahlon is concerned, the IAS officer had sought a transfer in August this year. But it is only now that his request has been granted. The CM allowed him to apply for the post of KoPT chairman and he was chosen after going through a rigorous selection procedure.Mamata Banerjee is said to have had some differences with Subrata Gupta over realigning the East-West Metro. He was immediately replaced with transport secretary B P Gopalika.On Wednesday, Gupta's release order was issued by the home (personnel and administrative reforms) department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17039917", "title": "Night hauling of women pub patrons 'was entirely illegal'", "text": "MUMBAI: The latest raid by the Mumbai police on a SoBo lounge bar, in which some 200 patrons - including men and women -- were taken to the MRA Marg police station because the establishment was open beyond the deadline, violated some major provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code. These provisions dictate that the police cannot arrest or take, even as witnesses, women to the police station between sunset and sunrise. The police can take such action only in exceptional circumstances.At 2 am Saturday morning, the police raided LIV lounge in Kala Ghoda, which was open beyond the 1.30 am deadline. The police had no right to take the women to the police station, said city advocate Satish Maneshinde, who deals with criminal matters.Section 160 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) says that no male below 15 years of age and no woman (of any age) can be taken or asked to come to the police station between dusk and dawn as a witness to record their statement. Information sought from them can only be taken at their place of residence. Under the law, the police can only take names and address if they suspect a crime or offence has been committed. Saturday's police action thus appears completely illegal and contrary to the procedures laid down by law, said legal experts.Sub-section 4 of Section 46 of the CrPC prohibits the arrest of a woman between sunset and sunrise except in exceptional circumstances. Where such circumstances exist, prior permission of a first-class judicial magistrate must be obtained.Legal experts said there were no exceptional circumstances made out by the police even in their FIR. The police had gone to shut a licensed nightclub that had exceeded its scheduled operating hours for the day. \"First of all, no patron had committed any offence when the police had reached,\" said Maneshinde. There was not even the suspicion of the commission of any offence by the patrons at that time, he said.\"Thus, not just women but none of the guests present there could have been rounded up,\" said Maneshinde. \"Yet, they were all confined for an hour at the nightclub and all, including the women, were carted to the police station at night and again confined in the tiny police compound or in vans like cattle, which was entirely illegal.\"Women must know that there are special privileges for them under law, said experts. For instance, there has to be a woman cop present when a woman is being arrested or taken as a witness. LIV patrons said that no women police were present when the police reached the bar on Saturday morning. The police FIR says that women police personnel were present only at the MRA Marg police station.The law says that if there are exceptional circumstances and a woman has to be taken to the police station, her relatives must be allowed to go with her. A woman can also choose to give her statement or information only to a lady police officer. If that is not possible, a lady officer must at least be present. The law requires that as far as it is practical, a woman officer must be deputed. But the state's police force has less than 5% women cops.Even the Bombay Police Act, which governs all police action and powers when it comes to petty offences, makes it mandatory for the police to treat women with respect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "17039868", "title": "Trailer damages overhead power cables", "text": "Gondia: A huge trailer coming from Nagpur snapped 33 kV overhead power cables when it got snagged in them near Vihirgaon village on Tiroda Tumsar border on Wednesday.The villagers said that the vehicle must have been going to Adani Thermal Power plant. The accident caused the traffic along this route to come to a halt for a long time. Sources said that the trailer had flouted laws that prohibit heavy vehicles from operating during day time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17041683", "title": "'I never needed tuitions'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Soumya Sucharita was a very inquisite child and her indulgent parents always entertained her queries. This habit grew in her and she learnt to look beyond the visible. And today she has decided to embark upon a career in scientific research.In a step towards her goals, Soumya, a Plus II second year student in BJB Junior College in Bhubaneswar, has cleared the preliminary rounds of the Times Scholars Programme. This is not the only feather in Soumya's cap. She has attended several camps on environment, Earth Science, Physics including International Earth Science Olympiad in Kolkata in 2011, INSPIRE camp organized by the Union government, NTSC camp and so on. The girl has also bagged young scientist award for her project in 2011.This daughter of Madhusudan Ojha, reader in Physics in P N College, Jajpur and Suchitra Sahu, a housewife, Soumya has been outstanding in her studies and hs never attended any tuition and coaching classes. \"I have never felt the need for tuitions. I am very attentive in class and clear my doubts immediately from teachers in school and college. And my parents are always there to help me,\" she said.This lass also allows you to delve into her mind. \"If your concepts in subjects are clear, then there is no need of extra coaching,\" said Soumya, who is busy preparing for the entrance examinations for IIT, NISER, ISER and other research institutes. \"My parents have sacrificed all pleasures of life to shape the career of their two daughters. We don't have cable TV connection and my mother does not watch TV because it may affect our studies,\" Soumya said. If she is not studying then Soumya loves to read books and science magazines and browse in internet. \"If I come across a new word or concept, then I rush to my computer to know more about it,\" she said.This studious girl is also very jolly. She is quick in making friends and believes in keeping in touch with them. But she has one friend on whom she depends a lot. That is her elder sister Monali Madhulita, who is a final year engineering student at the National Institute of Technology, Rourkela. \"My elder sister is my best friend, my teacher and my companion. I share everything with her and she has all solutions to my problems,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17040278", "title": "Nilam hits cotton ryots", "text": "GUNTUR: Cotton farmers became the worst sufferers of Nilam cyclone as the continued torrential rain added to their woes.Already, the merchants are offering a pittance to the cotton stocks citing high moisture percentage and farmers feared that the traders would deceive them further after the present rains. While the Centre fixed the minimum support price (MSP) at Rs.3900 per quintal, the farmers were hardly getting around Rs.2600 per quintal. Despite the Cotton Corporation of India (CCI) entering into the market by opening purchase centres in many places in the state, the farmers were being duped by the traders as CCI was rejecting the stocks on the grounds of high moisture. CCI is saying that it could pick up the stock at Rs.3900 per quintal if the moisture is below eight per cent. \"Between 8-12 per cent, we will reduce Rs.29 per each percentage increase and we cannot purchase the stocks with more than 12 per cent moisture,\" said CCI GM SK Panigrahi. With many of the farmers being illiterate and are not aware of moisture measures, the CCI simply try to refuse the stocks only to help the waiting private merchants and brokers.According to sources, the private players pay huge amounts to the CCI officials for rejecting the stocks with high quality. Noticing the farmers' troubles, the district collector S Suresh Kumar convened a meeting with the CCI officials on Wednesday and directed them to pick up maximum stocks from the farmers. Agriculture joint director Sridhar said that the cotton was cultivated in nearly 2 lakh hectares in the district and production was likely to touch a record of 30 lakh bales. \"However, the rains prompted by Nilam is likely to damage the quality of the cotton resulting in further crisis for the farmers,\" admitted a senior agriculture official. He said that flower in the final stage of ripening was likely to fall off in some cases and quality of the produce would get affected in other cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17040770", "title": "Builder ordered to pay Rs 20,000 to resident for delay", "text": "GURGAON: The District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum has ordered a builder to pay Rs 20,000 as compensation to a city resident for delaying possession of a flat.The complainant, M C Goel, had booked a flat at GTM Residency's Valley View project in 2005. The project was scheduled to be completed in 2008, but the construction is still going on.During the hearing, the builder pleaded that the delay in completion of construction was due to non-availability of building material like steel and cement, and the firm's dispute with the contractor.The complainant, however, contended that the dispute between the builder and contractor is untenable. Goel approached the consumer forum against the builder for not delivering the flat within 30 months as per the agreement.The consumer forum held that the complainant has a valid reason for seeking relief and stated that the builder was deficient in providing services to the complainant.The complainant had argued that when the builder charges 24% interest on delay in payment, so in the case of delay in delivery, 24 % interest should be paid by the builder to the flat owners.The consumer forum relied on a previous judgment of Supreme Court in which HUDA was made to pay 10% interest to the complainants for such a delay. The consumer forum ordered that the complainant is entitled to 10% per annum interest on the amount deposited by him to the builder from the date of each deposit till the possession of the flat.Taking the serious note of the delay, the consumer forum said that the complainant has suffered agony and thus is entitled to a compensation of Rs 20,000 and litigation expense of Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040694", "title": "Standing committee okays 3 night shelters", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has cancelled construction of night shelters in the Naidu hospital area and Koregaon Park.\"Tenders of around Rs 84 lakh were floated for night shelters at Tadiwala Road, Bopodi, Sangamwadi, Koregaon Park and Naidu hospital areas. The civic administration had identified these locations for development of the shelters. However, night shelters in the Naidu hospital area and Koregaon Park were cancelled on the behest of local corporators, while we will go ahead with the other three night shelters,\" standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere told reporters on Wednesday. \"The civic administration will now look for alternative spots for the two cancelled shelters,\" he added.Following Supreme Court directives, the state government had urged civic bodies to create night shelters for the homeless in their jurisdictions. Night shelters or dormitories are meant for those who sleep on roads, footpaths, bus stands and railway stations.As per the norms, the PMC has to build one shelter for every 1 lakh people and, hence, the civic body had planned 38 night shelters, each with a capacity to accommodate 100 people. However, with the Census report showing 1,454 homeless people in the city, the civic body has decided to construct 16 shelters in all. To begin with, three shelters will be constructed.The central government will fund the project under the JNNURM. The civic body has to start the project and later claim the funds from the Centre.The PMC plans separate sections for men, women and children. The civic body will make provisions for beds, buckets and soaps and a place to keep belongings. There will be proper fire safety and first-aid provisions, which will be provided by NGOs on behalf of the PMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17042286", "title": "Dravidar Kazhagam allowed meeting in Srirangam", "text": "MADURAI: The Dravidar Kazhagam can now hold a public meeting in chief minister J Jayalalithaa's assembly constituency as permission has been granted by the high court.Judge of the Madurai bench of the court, R Sudhakar, directed the Trichy police to grant permission to the Dravidar Kazhagam (DK) to hold a meeting on November 4 in Tiruvanaikovil after a writ petition was filed by DK's Trichy district president M Sekar.Tiruvanaikovil comes under Srirangam assembly constituency, whose MLA is Jayalalithaa.In the petition, the petitioner said permission was sought from the police for conducting a public meeting on October 28, at 6 pm near the sub-treasury, Srirangam, but the police denied permission. Again, the petitioner submitted an application asking for permission to conduct a meeting on November 4 near the same venue, in which the president of Dravidar Kazhagam, K Veeramani , was to deliver a speech. But the police had not passed any orders on the application so far. Thus the writ petition was filed, the petitioner said.The matter came up for hearing on Wednesday. The petitioner's advocate, D Veerasekaran, told the court that the Dravidar Kazhagam had conducted many meetings across the state, where no untoward incidents had happened.Besides, meetings were conducted to spread the message of Thanthai Periyar, who worked for uprooting deep-rooted superstitious beliefs, customs, irrationalism and injustice prevalent in society, the advocate submitted. On his part, the public prosecutor suggested three places for conducting the public meeting including Tiruvaanaikovil. Amongst them, Tiruvaanaikovil was preferred by the petitioner advocate. Accordingly, the court directed the police to permit the meeting in Tiruvaanaikovil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040281", "title": "Aussie bands to perform in Mumbai on Nov 7", "text": "MUMBAI: Four Australian rock bands-Karnivool, indie band Big Scary, DJ duo The Aston Shuffle and Jinja Safari-are all set to sweep Mumbaikars off their feet when they perform at Hard Rock Cafe on November 7.The performances are part of the four-month-long Oz Festival, the biggest Australian culture festival, in India.The festival will showcase Australian culture and art. A host of events, ranging from movie screenings, musical concerts, traditional puppet and comedy shows will be presented at various venues in the city. The festival will also travel to Pune, Bangalore and Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17042297", "title": "25 held in gold heist case, 36kg seized", "text": "MADURAI: Police have arrested 25 people, including six women involved in the heist at Muthoot Fincorp in Madurai and seized 36 kg gold jewellery out of the 37 kg stolen.Addressing a press conference, city commissioner of police Sanjay Mathur said that five more accused are on the run. \"Once they are nabbed, the remaining one kg gold would be recovered,\" he said. Of all the accused, six people conspired and executed the heist on October 5 at Muthoot Fincorp's Arapayalam branch, while the others played the role of assisting them in various forms.On the day of the incident, Balasubramanian, manager of the branch told police that a group of unidentified persons kidnapped him and assistant manager Satheesh kumar at knife-point. The gang took away the keys of the lockers forcibly and robbed gold jewellery weighing 37.7 kg worth Rs 9.43 crore from the locker, they claimed.Based on a complaint filed by Sivaraj, operations manager of the finance company, special teams were formed by the police with each team headed by an assistant commissioner and intensive interrogation was kickstarted. Right from day one, the police suspected that something was fishy in the narration of the heist by Balasubramanian and he was also brought into the interrogation net.The police teams arrested Surya Anand (28) from Railway Colony, who was a former employee of the Muthoot branch in Koodal Nagar on October 21, while the key accused A Selvin surrendered in a local court two days later. During the interrogation, Surya Anand confessed that he along with Selvin, P Rajkumar (23) and other accused conspired and robbed the gold jewellery. They kidnapped the managers at knife-point in a van after luring them with the help of some women, police said. J Annal Julia Mary (28), M Jennifer (23) who were also arrested, were used to lure the managers into the trap.Anand revealed that along with the other accused he went inside the branch after misleading the watchman and deactivated the alarm system using a remote control to take away the jewels. Based on his confession, nine of the accused including him were arrested and were remanded. The first seizure of 3.8 kg of the stolen gold was made from them.On October 30, the special teams picked up 15 persons involved in this case at two different places and recovered 32.6 kg gold ornaments. The police are looking out for another 1.2 kg gold and five accused, Mathur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041508", "title": "Karaya OC transferred", "text": "KOLKATA: Just four months after he was posted as officer-in-charge of Karaya police station, Sitaram Bhattacharya was transferred on Wednesday to the Special Branch.Bhattacharya's predecessor Shambhu Nath Mazumdar had also been moved out in July in a surprise move. Bhattacharya's transfer was effected by a special order of police commissioner R K Pachnanda and dubbed as \"routine\".Sources, however, say that Bhattacharya was shifted for his apparent failure to control a procession on Tuesday which led to sporadic trouble at Karaya. He will be replaced by the Taltala additional OC Prasenjit Bhattacharya.A cross-section of police officers TOI spoke to said that political influence often had a role in such transfers and that Bhattacharya may have paid the price for going by the book in a land dispute case.A cross section of police officers, ToI spoke to on Wednesday, believe that the transfers are primarily due to political intervention. And if one such senior officer is to be believed, there were apparent implications that the transfer had to do with a property dispute and the interest of a ruling party politician. Bhattacharya apparently had to pay the price for going by the book.The politician, who runs a nursing home in Lower Range, was reportedly embroiled in a simmering property dispute. This politician, sources claimed, always flaunted his proximity to a Trinamool minister. Whether this is true couldn't be ascertained. The property dispute led to law and order issues, with the names of a few persons with criminal history sheeters cropping up. Least it spills out of hand, At the OC's instructions, one person was also arrested, who turned out to be a close aide of this politician. Thus, some officers believe that Bhattacharya had to pay the price. of doing what he should have done? Earlier, a similar dispute over a property at Circus Avenue reportedly led to was cited to be a reason behind the transfer of Sambhu Nath Mazumdar and a senior sub-inspector. These two officers were dealing with the case, it has been learnt.A section of politicians earlier took up the illegal construction issue to top level of state administration. Following the complaints, the city police were directed to conduct a probe over the issue and asked to prepare a detailed list of developers and criminals who are involved in it. The anti-rowdy squad of city police's detective department probed the matter and submitted a report. But senior officers alleged that no further action was taken on the basis of the report; as police did not get any go ahead signal. Police sources alleged that three factions of a political party are active in the area making the job tough for police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17041678", "title": "Vigilance penalizes traders for tax evasion", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The vigilance sleuths on Wednesday cracked the whip on several traders for transporting goods in trains without paying tax. The commercial tax wing of the anti-corruption wing raided the Bhubaneswar railway station and collected Rs 3.10 lakh penalty from tax evaders.\"We also raided the parcel warehouse of the station and found huge tax evasion on transportation of garments, electrical goods, hardware materials, cellphone accessories, etc,\" vigilance deputy commissioner Nihar Ranjan Swain told the media. \"We also seized goods worth nearly Rs 50 lakh for investigation,\" Swain said. Simultaneous crackdowns were carried out at railway stations in Cuttack, Sambalpur, Berhampur and Balasore and penalty realized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040588", "title": "At Rs 2.53L cr, Maharashtra most debt-ridden state", "text": "MUMBAI: Once an exemplar of financial soundness, Maharashtra now has the dubious distinction of being the most debt-ridden state in the country. According to data compiled by the Reserve Bank of India on the finances of states, Maharashtra is ahead of even Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu in the debt diaries.According to a senior bureaucrat, the debt burden, as on March 31, 2012, has crossed the Rs 2,530.85 billion (or Rs 2.53 lakh crore) mark. \"It's embarrassing,\" he says. \"For a long time, Maharashtra was among the best administered states in terms of the economic situation\u00e2\u20ac\u201dnow we have been reduced to this.\"Maharashtra is followed by Uttar Pradesh, which has a total debt burden of Rs 2,445.1 billion, West Bengal Rs 2,115.0 billion, Andhra Pradesh Rs 1,538 billion, Tamil Nadu Rs 1,325 billion and Karnataka Rs 1,017 billion. \"Prima facie, it appears that we have failed on several fronts,\" the bureaucrat said.\"We have not been able to mobilize adequate resources and as a result, we are facing the worst ever situation in Maharashtra's history. If we don't improve our performance, global financial institutions will halt financial assistance to this state.\"The bureaucrat felt it was high time the state government took immediate measures to reduce its massive expenditure on the salaries of 20 lakh-odd employees (Rs 48,000 crore), pension (Rs 1,10,00 crore) and interest on loans (Rs 1,8000 crore). \"The Congress-NCP government will have to take hard decisions to restore normalcy,\" he said.Significantly, senior Congress and NCP cabinet members have always blamed the five year Sena-BJP rule between 1995 and 1999 for the mounting state debt. The debt burden in 1995 was Rs 21,000 crore, which increased to Rs 44,200 crore in a brief span of four years. In 1999, when the Sena-BJP government was dislodged and the Congress-led Democratic Front government took over, the then finance minister Jayant Patil presented a comprehensive white paper on the state's economy. He, too, blamed the erstwhile Sena-BJP government for the financial mess and drafted an ambitious recovery plan, fiving assurances that drastic measures would be taken to wind up loss-making corporations and reduce expenditure on establishment. Now 13 years later, it appears that instead of taking corrective measures, the policies and plans drafted by the Congress-NCP government have resulted in the highest-ever debt burden.Former finance minister and senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse demanded a white paper on the state's economy. \"When we were in power, we had raised huge funds for developmental works, which are visible all over the state,\" he said. \"Since the debt burden has increased from Rs 44,200 crore to Rs 2530.85 billion, it is the responsibility of the chief minister to explain to the state where such a huge amount has been utilised and what steps are being taken to make the state debt-free.\"State...........................Debt Burden (in Rs billion)Maharashtra ..................2,530.85Uttar Pradesh............... 2,445.1West Bengal ..................2,115.9Andhra Pradesh................1,538Tamil Nadu.....................1,325Karnataka .......................1,017", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17041468", "title": "Police to take custody of Indian Mujahiddin accused", "text": "INDORE: A team of Indore police has been dispatched for Mumbai to bring two IM ( Indian Mujahiddin) accused involved in three bank robbery cases in Indore. They are now currently lodged in a Navi Mumbai jail under MACOCA.ASP, crime branch, Manoj Rai said the team has been dispatched to Mumbai to take into custody the two accused Mobin alias Irfan alias Faiyaz and Ameen alias Anees alias Raja. They both are residents of Khajrana in Indore.It may be mentioned that three bank robberies had taken place in 2008 and 2009 in Indore. And eight accused, including the IM members, were allegedly involved in the robberies. Four arrests, including IM members, have been made so far in the case.While talking to media about the accused involved in the bank robberies, senior officials said Mobin and Ameen are believed to be involved in Ahemdabad serial blast occurred in 2008. They are housed in a jail in Navi Mumbai along with other 17 accused charged under MACOCA. During investigation, the police came to know that the two IM member accused were the lodged in a Sharma lodge near MYH. \"This information was spilled another accused Jaspal Singh, who was arrested from Bareli during interrogation,\" Rai said adding \"We are also interrogating the accused to know whether they stayed in other hotels of city as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040356", "title": "Azad Maidan violence: Cops may file chargesheet on Nov 8", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch will file the chargesheet in the Azad Maidan violence incident on November 8. Sources said the crime branch has compiled all the reports and is ready to file the chargesheet, but officials are confused on the issue of whether to arrest the two community leaders whose speeches had allegedly charged the mob present at Azad Maidan on August 11.Police are now awaiting a nod from the home department as well a legal opinion on the issue. \"The arrest could disturb communal harmony and the mutual understanding between the police and the community,\" said an official.A senior official said the police are even thinking of chargesheeting the two community leaders without their arrests. The investigators have come to the conclusion that the speeches of these two community leaders had further charged the mob assembled at Azad Maidan to protest against the atrocities on minorities in Myanmar.On August 11, two persons died and 63 people were injured in the violence that rocked south Mumbai.So far, the police have arrested 63 persons, out of which six have been discharged and one juvenile has been granted bail. The chargesheet, the police said, contains post-mortem reports of the two deceased, ballistic reports of the gun fire, CCTV footage of the violence captured by the media as well private persons, invitation pamphlet of the NGO, which has called the protest, and literature. There are 300 eye-witnesses and call detail reports (CDR) of 63 accused to show their presence at the Azad Maidan on August 11.\"Among the eye-witnesses, most are cops, including deputy commissioner of police (zone 1) Ravindra Shisve who arrested two rioters.\" said an officer.He added that the police, while filing the chargesheet, will drop murder charges stating that the two persons died in police firing. While framing charges, the police will also segregate molestation charges against six who had allegedly mistreated women cops.Earlier this month, the nine molestation victims had identified four accused during an identification parade at Taloja jail.Last week, after the arrests of two key accused-Salim Lightwala and Yusuf Ahmed Khan, a Burmese national, the crime branch invoked criminal conspiracy charges. In the chargesheet, the police are likely to say that violence was pre-mediated as Khan's CDR shows that he allegedly spoke to someone in Myanmar and then created a text message, which he forwarded to several people in Mumbai.A maulana, who is under the scanner, allegedly used this SMS-based information, which cops believe was provocative, in his speech at the protest rally. After hearing the provocative speech, a group of protesters, who had come armed material like petrol, kerosene, bamboos, swords and unlicensed weapons, got charged up and vented their anger on the police and the media, said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041406", "title": "Dudhwa likely to miss Nov 15 date with tourists", "text": "LUCKNOW: With just 15 days remaining for the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve to reopen for tourists, forest officials are not sure they will be able to do so. Every year, the park closes on April 15 and opens up for tourism on November 15, after six months closure during monsoons. But this time, the UP forest department is not sure whether it will be able to keep the deadline as it is yet to work on the new set of guidelines sent by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) to all the tiger-states, including UP, to regulate tourism inside national parks.Tourism inside core areas of tiger reserves was banned by the Supreme Court in July owing to the fact that it was jeopardizing the safety of tigers, not more than 1,700 of which remain today. However, on October 16, the apex court lifted its interim ban on tourism inside core areas of tiger reserves, after NTCA framed and notified guidelines for tiger tourism under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.The guidelines permit tourism in 20% area of the core of the tiger reserves. \"We have received the new guidelines only two days back and are scrutinizing them word by word,\" said Rupak De, PCCF (wildlife), UP. Though the officers are trying to complete the process as soon as possible, since the matter pertains to compliance with the SC order, meeting the November 15 deadline is a secondary issue.\"We can talk more clearly on this may be in a day or two,\" added De. So far, the entire core area of Dudhwa, comprising 117 square kilometre of Dudhwa and 80 square kilometre of Kishenpur sanctuary, was open for tourists. But, this time around, the reach of the tourists will be restricted. Forest department is yet to identify the areas which will be open to tourists, after the implementation of new guidelines.Though this might reduce the chance to spot a tiger in the wild, the department plans to add to the tourists' experiences by way of improved hospitality. After chief minister's active interest in developing Dudhwa as a better tourist hub, UP Awas Vikas Parishad has re-done the Tharu huts and rest houses at the tiger reserve.The accommodation has been provided with better furniture and improved interiors. Approach roads have also been renovated on the directions of the government.On the other hand, in compliance with the Supreme Court's order, the forest department this year has also notified the buffer area in the Dudhwa National Park. Nearly 1,100 square kilometre has been notified as buffer in the park. Tourism in buffer area also needs to be regulated.Officially notifying the buffer also requires Dudhwa authorities to plan for the management and development of the buffer area. This, in turn, will increase the area for movement of tigers.Dudhwa tigers are distributed in one major and three smaller populations. Major population is constituted by Dudhwa reserve which includes Dudhwa National Park, Kishenpur and Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuaries and forests of Pilibhit, north and south Kheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041423", "title": "Encephalitis deaths: Do health officials know ground realities?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state health and family welfare minister Ahmad Hasan has assured all possible steps to arrest the rising encephalitis death toll. But perhaps the message has not reached the health department which remains insensitive towards the issue.In October last year, Manav Seva Sansthan had urged the National Human Rights Commission to take a note of deaths of children in eastern districts of UP. They backed their plea with proper facts, figures, documents and pictures. The commission took the letter as a complaint and asked the state health department to submit a reply. However, the state health department has furnished a reply to the same just a few weeks ago. Moreover the kind of reply submitted also reflects the level of seriousness of health officials.It's a common knowledge that a minimum of two patients share a single bed in the encephalitis wards of BRD Medical College, Gorakhpur, during the disease season. And three to four children sharing the same bed during the peak season is a common sight. But the health authorities refuse to believe this.In point number 3 of the complaint, the petitioner said, \"the pathetic situation of poor children affected by JE virus can be understood from the fact that four to five children are treated on a single bed.\" The health department's reply in this regard was disappointing. \"It is submitted that the action is at the end of the administration of the medical college... how do they manage patients but seldom has it got full occupancy even in the extreme conditions. Anyhow, the medical college is constructing a separate 100-bedded ICU,\"The state health department continued to stress that they were best possible arrangements have been made to ensure that children got the best of treatment right from district hospital to the level of community health centre. But the claim falls flat on the ground zero. TOI went for a field visit to block CHC Kasia in Kushinagar district. This centre admitted only one patient of encephalitis in 2011. However, it has referred 66 suspected patients to the district hospital.Yogesh Dube, member, national commission for protection of child rights, summoned top health officials to Delhi and asked them to explain why children in encephalitis affected districts were dying. Extremely dissatisfied over the measures taken by the state government to check encephalitis, Dube had told TOI, \"the situation has not changed an inch since the previous season. We can see four children sharing a bed in BRD medical college and ill-equipped health facilities even now. The government's hasn't done anything concrete.\"When asked to elaborate what he meant by a 'casual approach', he said, \"UP government submitted proposals worth several crores but the Union health ministry found only two of them viable. One of the two proposals that were cleared included providing ventilators to hospitals in the affected area. But forget ventilators reaching the hospitals, the government has not been able to finalize the tender for procurement of ventilators. I feel that the life of children is caught in red-tapism.\"BOX: With Seven more children succumbing to encephalitis at BRD medical college of Gorakhpur on Saturday, the death toll due to the disease in eastern Uttar Pradesh has mounted to 479 this year. The toll is inclusive of some patients from Bihar and Nepal . Not only this, 217 persons, mainly children, are battling with the disease in the medical college. \"Patients continue to pour in even as we are approaching towards the fag end of the disease season. Ten new patients were admitted,\" a doctor on duty told reporters. Additional director, health, Gorakhpur division, Dr A K Pandey said that the total encephalitis admissions has crossed 3,000 since January this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039658", "title": "Tuesday was coldest Oct night in three years", "text": "NAGPUR: Tuesday night turned out to be the coldest October night, not only of the season but that in the last three years. The minimum temperature on the night fell to 13.6 degrees Celsius, which is four degrees lower than normal. Weathermen predict that the region would be more or less cloudy in the next few days and it may even rain at some places over the region.The situation was similar across Vidarbha, with the minimum temperature in Yavatmal being the most chilling at 13 degrees, which was almost six degrees below normal. Nagpur came in second at 13.6 degrees. Though the lowest temperature at Gondia was a little more bearable (14.4 degrees), it was a big departure at 5 degree below normal.It was not just the minimum temperatures for the day, but also the maximum temperatures that dipped across the region with most places registering a maximum temperature for the day that was lower than normal. In terms of departure, Amravati was the coldest with the highest temperature on Wednesday being more than 3 degrees below normal at 29.2 degrees.Here, too, Nagpur came in second with the maximum temperature for the day being 29.6 degrees, which is 2 degrees below normal. Despite being the coolest in the region on Tuesday night, the day temperatures at Yavatmal rose to 31.6 degrees, making it the only city with a maximum temperature higher than normal.The forecast made by the regional met department says that the city will have similar weather conditions for the next couple of days with the maximum temperatures hovering around 30 degrees and the minimum temperatures around 14 degrees. \"Due to the occurrence of the cyclone Nilam near the southern coast of India, moisture-laden winds are blowing towards the mainland. This may cause rain and thunder activities in some parts of Central India,\" said an official of the met department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039701", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation tells Centre it doesn't need additional 60 minibuses", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), under fire since long for poor operation and maintenance of city bus service popularly known as Starbus service, is all set to lose the funds to procure 60 new buses. Shockingly, NMC itself has refused the new buses following which the Central government may now transfer the funds to Pune or any other city in the state. The NMC's refusal to new buses when there is lack of buses in proper condition and low frequency has raised many eyebrows.NMC was operating 230 buses including 150 standard-size and 80 minibuses since 2007 by appointing private operator Vansh Nimay infraprojects private limited (VNIL). Under Central government's Jawaharlal Nehru national urban renewal mission (JNNURM), it got funds for 300 more buses including 240 standard and 60 minibuses in February 2009. Under the project, Centre shares 50% of the cost, state 30%, and NMC the remaining 30%.Maintaining the same operator, NMC procured just 240 standard-size buses and expressed inability to buy the 60 minibuses. Later, NMC planned to procure two air-conditioned buses to run between the airport and the city or for the proposed 'Nagpur Darshan' tours instead of these 60 buses. The plans never materialized.According to minutes of a review meeting held by ministry of urban development (UD) on October 1 at New Delhi, NMC informed the meeting that all 240 buses sanctioned under JNNURM were in operation. \"Sixty buses approved by the Centre are no longer required. NMC had provided land to the operator for construction of depots. The operator is now to create required infrastructure but it has not been done yet,\" the NMC submission said. \"It was then decided that the 60 buses no longer required by Nagpur may be given to Pune or other city in Maharashtra on request of state government,\" the minutes note.NMC's decision is a blow to the city commuters as the number of buses is falling short in catering to the requirements. The operator is reportedly running only 220-225 of total 470 buses for a long time. Of 80 minibuses, just 50% are actually plying. The condition of the buses is also not good and many have been abandoned. The frequency of buses is well below the norms and requirement. The operator has failed to run the buses on 174 given routes, much less develop new routes.The UD officials expressed displeasure over the way bus service was being run in the city. \"Number of complaints are being received following which two enquiry teams were sent. NMC has to submit the report in answer to the committee's report. The bus supplier has not been paid. The Ministry is constrained to re-look sanction of buses,\" officials said.NMC's traffic engineer Nasir Khan was not available for comment despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16784299", "title": "Most ridiculous sick day excuses revealed", "text": "Getting sick from reading too much and pet dogs having a nervous breakdown are among the most ridiculous sick day explanations people have given bosses, a new survey has revealed.The CareerBuilder survey of almost 2500 managers and 4000 workers in the US found that 29 per cent of employers have checked up on an employee to see if they were really sick, usually by calling them later in the day or asking for a medical certificate.While almost one in five (18 per cent) of employers have had other staff call a person they thought was chucking a sickie, 17 per cent of employers have fired employees for giving a fake excuse.In line with previous years, 30 percent of people said they have called in sick when they weren't actually ill, News.com.au reported.Next to being genuinely sick, the most common reasons employees have taken the day off are because they just don't feel like going to work, or because they felt like they needed to relax.22 percent have taken a day off so they can make it to a doctor's appointment, 16 per cent have done so to catch up on sleep and 15 per cent have chucked a sickie to run some errands.The bosses' most memorable sick day excuses are:Employee forgot he had been hired for the jobEmployee said her dog was having a nervous breakdownEmployee's dead grandmother was being exhumed for a police investigationEmployee said a bird bit herEmployee was upset after watching 'The Hunger Games'Employee got sick from reading too muchEmployee was suffering from a broken heartEmployee's hair turned orange from dying her hair at homeEmployee's girlfriend poked him in the eye", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17042223", "title": "One allegedly shot dead by friends", "text": "VARANASI: One Rahul Pandey was allegedly shot at by his friends near Panchganga Ghat under Chowk police station on Wednesday.According to reports, Rahul, a native of Madhya Pradesh , had been staying in the city for past few years to complete his Sanskrit studies. During his stay, he also started his carrier as a priest to earn livelihood.Due to coming in contact with some drug addicts, he started consuming drugs for the past few months. After his Sonarpura-based uncle ousted him from his house, he started dwelling near Saraswati Phatak.On Tuesday evening, some of his friends invited him to Schindia Ghat to consume liquor with them. They consumed liquor till late in the night. It is reported that around the wee hours, they quarreled after which some of his friends opened fire on Rahul. Sustaining bullet injuries, he fell in river Ganga while the assailants fled from the scene. On seeing himnear Panchganga Ghat after which the local residents and police rushed him to SPG hospital. Police suspected that Rahul was attacked in dispute of illicit relation. Suspected youths have been taken into custody for interrogation.Body found: Body of an unidentified youth, 22-year-old, was found lying in a nullah behind the Chowkaghat power sub-station under Chetganj police station on Wednesday afternoon. Police were trying to ascertain his identity after sending the body for postmortem. Police said that the cause of death would also become clear after getting the postmortem report.Mysterious death: One Puja, 28-year-old, died mysteriously at her New Colony residence under Robertsganj police station in Sonebhadra district on Tuesday night.According to reports, Puja, a native of Mirzapur was married to Rinku Singh of New Colony in 2009 and they have a one and half-years-old son. On Tuesday night, Puja died in mysterious circumstances. In the wee hours, Rinku and his family left their home with Puja's body for their paternal village in Pannuganj. After getting the information, Puja's parents reported the matter to the police. Police raided Rinku's residence in Pannuganj and sent the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041434", "title": "Para teachers end strike after meeting HRD minister", "text": "RANCHI: The para teachers of the state, who have been on an indefinite strike since August 28, called off their agitation on Wednesday after a meeting with human resource development (HRD) minister Baidyanath Ram at his residence. More than 85,000 para teachers have been demanding job regularization, hike in honorarium and other facilities.The strike was called off following a directive of the Jharkhand high court asking the HRD department to take action against the striking teachers and look for alternative measures to ensure classes in 40,000-odd government schools.HRD minister Ram welcomed the court ruling. \"The decision of the high court did have a strong effect and the para teachers have called off their strike. We decided yesterday (Tuesday) that those para teachers who are on strike will be fired and we will arrange for alternatives. This decision was needed for the sake of the children' future.\"On the decision taken in the meeting, Ram said, \"The para teachers have decided to return to work from Thursday. Their honorarium will be increased by Rs 700 as was decided in the cabinet. Also a departmental committee will be formed which will include three members from the para teachers' association to look into their legitimate demands and submit a report within three months.\"As 65% of the honorarium is paid by the central government, we will write a letter to them to look into the demand of para teachers of increasing the honorarium to Rs10,000,\" Ram added.The para teachers said their strike will formally end on November 2. President of the Jharkhand Para Teaschers' Association Sanjay Dubey said, \"The minister has said the points that have been discussed in the meeting will be given to us in black and white on Thursday at 2pm. Once we get the letter, we will return to work on Friday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041314", "title": "TVS Motor net skids 41%", "text": "CHENNAI: TVS Motor Co reported a 41.5% drop in its net profit for the second quarter of the financial year. The company saw its Q2 profit after tax fall to Rs 45 crore as against Rs 77 crore in the year-ago quarter. Profit before tax is also down 42.5% at Rs 58 crore compared to Rs 101 crore in the second quarter of last financial year. The Chennai-headquartered company also saw its revenue fall 15% to Rs 1,691 crore compared to Rs 1,991 crore last Q2.Hit by the overall slowdown in the two-wheeler market, TVS also saw its motorcycle and scooter sales drop sharply in the period under review. Motorcycle sales were down nearly 31% at 1.67 lakh units compared to 2.41 lakh units sold in the year-ago period.Scooters sales were down 25% at 1.19 lakh units as against 1.59 lakh units sold in the same quarter last year. Exports too came down nearly 37% at 0.48 lakh units from 0.76 lakh units in the quarter ended September 2011. Three-wheeler sales though were up around 4% at 12,213 units against 11,699 units last Q2.\"Lower sales reflect the overall sentiment of the industry, which witnessed a decline in growth to 5% in the second quarter from a growth of 19% in the same period of the previous year and 9% growth in the first quarter of the current year,\" the company said in a statement.\"Between April and September of the current financial year, the industry declined to a growth of a mere 2% when compared to 19% in the same period of the previous year ,\" the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17039924", "title": "Oct 31 digital TV deadline can't be pushed back: Bombay HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai is set to go digital from Thursday. The Bombay high court on Wednesday refused to extend the deadline for cable operators to implement the digital system and install set-top boxes for its viewers.Though the multi-system operators tried to raise the prospect of a TV blackout in the city when analog signals are discontinued after the October 31, 2012, deadline, a division bench of Justice Dhananajay Chandrachud and Justice Rajesh Ketkar questioned the conduct of the petitioners who had shown no commitment to installing set-top boxes despite the extension of an earlier deadline. The court's order came even as the Madras high court gave a five-day breather to cable viewers in Chennai to install set-top boxes.\"A certain degree of inconvenience is inevitable in the enforcement of any deadline and whenever there is a change to a new regime. The government has taken this decision with a view to provide quality service to consumers. Individual business hardships must give way to public interest,\" said the judges. The court, however, was aware that ultimately it will be the viewers who would be affected.\"We do not want people's Diwali to be blacked out. Television these days is the only source of entertainment for the average middle-class. We are not concerned about the operators or broadcasters, but the viewers,\" observed Justice Chandrachud. The court got the Union of India and the additional solicitor general to agree that care would be taken to ensure that the common man's Diwali would not be disturbed due to the TV blackout.The court was hearing a petition filed by Bhawani Rajesh Cable and Digitech, a multi-system operator, challenging a notification of June 2012 setting the deadline of October 31 for cable operators to install set-top boxes.Accusing the DTH lobby of pushing for digitization, the petitioners sought a two- to four-month extension.ASG K Setalvad along with advocate Dhiren Shah, who represented the Union government, informed the court that the earlier deadline of June 2012 had been extended to October 2012. The ASG pointed to an information and broadcasting ministry press release which said that 100% of the declared households in Mumbai had already installed set-top boxes. The petitioners, too, claimed that 85% of cable viewers had already shifted to set-top boxes. The court said that since a substantial number of cable viewers had already shifted to the new system, the remaining could also do so as the government had assu-r-ed the co-urt th-at su-ff-ic-ie-nt nu-m-ber of set-top bo-xes w-ere available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041993", "title": "Green gold, evergreen song", "text": "Showcasing Karnataka's rich biodiversity has been a proud task for both music man Ricky Kej and wildlife photographer Amoghavarsha. This pride is inherent in their collaborative effort, a music video featuring all that abounds Karnataka's wild and verdant landscape ranging from the Daroji Bear Sanctuary near Hampi to the lush green Western Ghats. The rendition will reach out to Kannadigas the world over via Internet and television channels on Thursday, Rajyotsava Day.Amoghavarsha confirms that some of the animals found here exist nowhere else on the planet. \"Also, each year, new species are being discovered, highlighting the fact that we still have pristine forest patches,\" he says.The bio-richness was shot over 18 months. \"I made over 40 exhilarating trips to the forests, sometimes lying patiently in watch for the bush frog in the leech infested rainforests in the night and at other times, being washed away by strong currents while shooting. The blue eyed bush frog was just discovered a couple of years ago and the fresh water jellyfish has never been filmed before in India,\" he says.\"We have shot the video on high definition mode to be able to reach out to Kannadigas all over the world, and have kept it crisp!\" smiles Amoghavarsha.Ricky has composed poet H S Venkateshamurthy's Jaya He Kannada Thaye anthem for the music video.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17041842", "title": "PIL on LPG subsidy: HC seeks government reply", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking direction from the court for LPG cylinders to be provided to consumers in the state at subsidised rates every month, the Allahabad Court on Wednesday has asked the Central and state governments to file counter-affidavit within two weeks.The two-Judge bench comprising Acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice P K S Baghel passed the order on a PIL filed by Nitya Nand Chaubey, an advocate of Civil Court, Varanasi. In the PIL, it has been alleged that the Central government had framed a scheme to provide only six cylinders in the state while nine cylinders on subsidised rate were being provided in union territories, which was an unfair discrimination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "17041405", "title": "Apple's new management team fails to impress Wall Street", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook's new go-to management team of mostly familiar faces failed to drum up much excitement on Wall Street, driving its shares to a three-month low on Wednesday.The world's most valuable technology company, which had faced questions about a visionary-leadership vacuum following the death of Steve Jobs , on Monday stunned investors by announcing the ouster of chief mobile software architect Scott Forstall and retail chief John Browett -- the latter after six months on the job.Cook gave most of Forstall's responsibilities to Macintosh software chief Craig Federighi, while some parts of the job went to Internet chief Eddy Cue and celebrated designer Jony Ive .But the loss of the 15-year veteran and Jobs's confidant Forstall, and resurgent talk about internal conflicts, exacerbated uncertainty over whether Cook and his lieutenants have what it takes to devise and market the next ground-breaking, industry-disrupting product.Apple shares ended the day down 1.4 per cent at 595.32. They have shed a tenth of their value this month -- the biggest monthly loss since late 2008, and have headed south since touching an all-time high of $705 in September.For investors, the management upheaval from a company that usually excels at delivering positive surprises represents the latest reason for unease about the future of a company now more valuable than almost any other company in the world.Apple undershot analysts targets in its fiscal third quarter, the second straight disappointment. Its latest Maps software was met with widespread frustration and ridicule over glaring mistakes. Sources told Reuters that Forstall and Cook disagreed over the need to publicly apologize for its maps service embarrassment.And this month, Apple entered the small-tablet market with its iPad mini, lagging Amazon.com and Google despite pioneering the tablet market in 2010.Investor concerns now center around the demand, availability and profitability of new products, including the iPad mini set to hit stores on Friday.\"The sudden departure of Scott Forstall doesn't help,\" said Shaw Wu, an analyst with Sterne Agee. \"Now there's some uncertainty in the management.\"\"There appears to be some infighting, post-Steve Jobs, and looks like Cook is putting his foot down and unifying the troops.\"Apple declined to comment beyond Monday's announcement.Against that backdrop, Cook's inner circle has some convincing to do. In the wake of Forstall's exit, iTunes maestro Eddy Cue -- dubbed \"Mr Fixit\", the sources say -- gets his second promotion in a year, taking on an expanded portfolio of all online services, including Siri and Maps.The affable executive with a tough negotiating streak who, according to documents revealed in court, lobbied Jobs aggressively and finally convinced the late visionary about the need for a smaller-sized tablet, has become a central figure: a versatile problem-solver for the company.Ive, the British-born award-winning designer credited with pushing the boundaries of engineering with the iPod and iPhone, now extends his skills into the software realm with the lead on user interface.Marketing guru Schiller continues in his role, while career engineer Mansfield canceled his retirement to stay on and lead wireless and semiconductor teams. Then there's Federighi, the self-effacing software engineer who a source told Reuters joined Apple over Forstall's initial objections, and has the nickname \"Hair Force One\" on Game Center.\"With a large base of approximately 60,400 full-time employees, it would be easy to conclude that the departures are not important,\" said Keith Bachman, analyst with BMO Capital Markets. \"However, we do believe the departures are a negative, since we think Mr. Forstall in particular added value to Apple.\"Team Cook Few would argue with Forstall's success in leading mobile software iOS and that he deserves a lot of credit for the sale of millions of iPhones and iPads.But despite the success, his style and direction on the software were not without critics, inside and outside.Forstall often clashed with other executives, said a person familiar with him, adding he sometimes tended to over-promise and under-deliver on features. Now, Federighi, Ive and Cue have the opportunity to develop the look, feel and engineering of the all-important software that runs iPhones and iPads.Cue, who rose to prominence by building and fostering iTunes and the app store, has the tough job of fixing and improving Maps, unveiled with much fanfare by Forstall in June, but it was found full of missing information and wrongly marked sites.The Duke University alum and Blue Devils basketball fan -- he has been seen courtside with players -- is deemed the right person to accomplish this, given his track record on fixing services and products that initially don't do well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17044020", "title": "Ang Lee praises Sathyam Cinemas", "text": "The director was on a whirlwind visit to India to promote Life of Pi and he made a stop at Chennai. He screened some clips of his film at Sathyam Cinemas.After the clips were projected, the director was blown at the fact that the theatre had one of the best screens. He got up on stage to say that though he had shown the clips at some places in the US as well, he found this to be the best he had seen so far. Apparently, the quality of 3D was outstanding.The audience clapped and whistled as soon as he said this as Sathyam is one of the most popular screens in Chennai which is used by filmmakers for their premieres and audio launches. The movie clips, meanwhile had the audience spellbound. Life of Pis is releasing at Sathyam on November 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040432", "title": "Plaints pour in as British-era pipes spew out 'dirty water'", "text": "MUMBAI: The promise of safe and clean drinking water continues to be a pipe dream for many residents of the metropolis. Sample this: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) registers an average of 300 complaints pertaining to water contamination every month.In August alone, the BMC received a total of 392 complaints. Of these, the BMC attended to 321. The bulk of these complaints came from the island city, which still uses supply pipes that date back to the British era. The maximum number of complaints-85- came from C ward in Kalbadevi. Even the D ward (Tardeo, Girgaum, Walkeshwar, Mahalaxmi and Nana Chowk)-home to the city's who's who, including the governor and the chief minister-reported 40 water contamination complaints in August.The T ward (Mulund), where the BMC tried out a pilot project to supply water 24/7, registered the least number of complains at zero. P(south) in Goregaon and R(north) in Dahisar are the two other wards that reported zero complaints.In its Wednesday's edition, TOI reported how sewerage-contaminated water supply was landing those residing near Oval Cooperage in Churchgate in hospital with diarrhoea. For over two weeks, Oval Cooperage residents have been battling water contamination. President of Oval Cooperage Residents' Association (OCRA) Ashad Mehta said the BMC has not yet rectified the problem.An official from the civic water works department told TOI, \"The network of water mains in the island city is very old. We'll check water when it's released to residents at 8pm on Wednesday. We have obtained new controlling valves to control the supply of water to this area. Some drains were choked and we got them cleaned on Wednesday. Water from the chocked drains was getting mixed with the consumer supply and this has now been rectified.\"\"Many supply pipes in the island city were laid during the British era and have not been changed since. They have aged and corroded. During the monsoon, sewage and ground water usually seeps into fissures in these pipes, contaminating the supply,\" said an official from the water works survey department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17039994", "title": "Amarnath yatra cultural invasion, Geelani says", "text": "SRINAGAR: Syed Ali Shah Geelani , known separatist leader and the head of the hardline faction of Hurriyat Conference, on Wednesday, in a meeting attended by many independent Muslim groups and a few splinter ones, termed the Amarnath Yatra as a \"cultural invasion\" and blamed the government of India for using the holy pilgrimage as a means to extend its cultural invasion and impose its ideology on Kashmiris.The Wednesday meeting was not impromptu and was planned well in advance with invites being sent in advance and the agenda spelled out. Ayaz Akbar, Geelani's spokesman, said in a statement that Amarnath Yatra and cultural invasion among other things were discussed in the meeting.Geelani had earlier said that he would launch an agitation after Eid in case authorities fail to stop the construction of a concrete road leading to the Amarnath cave in the Himalayas in south Kashmir, disband Amarnath shrine board and limit the number of pilgrims besides curtailing the time period of the pilgrimage to 15 days instead of two months.\"A committee of five members headed by the general secretary APHC Nabil Sumji was constituted to look into the matter comprehensively. The report will be subjected to study and a seminar is scheduled on the 10th of November,\" Ayaz Akbar added.The spokesman quoting Geelani said, \"It is the present system and the people in authority that are playing mischievous politics under the garb of Amaranth Yatra and extending their game plan. They are allowing more and more pilgrims and disturbing not only the geo-political scenario but are badly-damaging the local culture, environment, and forests.\"The J&K; government was aware of the plans of Geelani and on a day full of developments on different fronts it conducted an aerial survey of the Baltal-Amarnath Holy Cave route to counter Geelani.A select group of journalists was flown by the state government under the orders of J&K; IG Police in a helicopter on the Baltal-Panjtarni-Holy Cave route for a first-hand account of the condition of the track leading to the 3,880-metre high cave. There were no changes in the route from Baltal to the Cave Shrine. No construction material could be detected even when the helicopter flew very low.In another development, an 11-member civil society delegation led by journalist Seema Mustafa met the Chairman of the moderate faction of APHC Mirwaiz Umar Farooq at the Hurriyat headquarters.The important civil society group of Centre for Policy Analysis (CPA) is a balanced group with representations from all relevant areas. Mirwaiz emphasized that the impeding solution of the Kashmir problem was the reason behind all that ails the region. Custodial killings, disappearances, and the issue of mass graves have cropped in Jammu and Kashmir and Mirwaiz said that the unbridled power vested with the troops due to AFSPA gives them impunity. He said as a result they can't be held accountable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17039376", "title": "Berg back in Rovers camp", "text": "PUNE: Venky's-owned Blackburn Rovers , who are at fifth spot in the English League Championship, have finally found a candidate to fill in the vacant post of manager. The incumbent, 43-year old Henning Berg from Norway, is a former Rovers defender who also played for Manchester United from 1997 to 2000. He will replace Steve Kean who resigned a month ago.Rovers were relegated from the English Premier League (EPL) last season. They need a top-three in the second tier league, to regain the EPL spot.Berg was part of the Rovers team which went on to win the EPL title in 1995 and the Norwegian played for the Lancashire-based team from 1993 to 1997 and later from 2000 to 2003.He was last employed with Norwegian TV2. A press release issued by the owners said, \"We are pleased to welcome back our Premier League winning defensive stalwart Henning Berg. He takes on a bigger challenge as the manager. We wish him all the very best in his new role with our full support.\" The owners have also acknowledged the fan following with a thank you for support. Berg missed only two games throughout the triumphant EPL season with Blackburn. His versatility and consistent performances earned him a move to Manchester United in 1997 for a fee of \u00c2\u00a35m - at the time the joint highest fee ever paid for a defender by a British club.Berg helped Manchester United win the two league titles (1999 and 2000), one FA Cup in 1999 and one Uefa Champions League in 1999.He was also the first player to win the Premier League with two different clubs.At international level, Berg was part of the Norwegian national team at the 1994 and 1998 World Cups as well as Euro 2000.A number of names were being discussed in the media as Rover's potential manger over the last week.These included Tim Sherwood , Ian Holloway , Alan Shearer , Sven Goran Eriksson. Tottenham Hotspur boss Harry Redknapp and Argentine legend Diego Maradona were reportedly approached for the job. Redknapp was quick to deny the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041703", "title": "Government says no permission, no pool in schools", "text": "CHENNAI: Taking note of recent deaths in private pools, including that of a Class 4 student in a city school recently, the state has decided to amend the Municipal Corporation Act of Chennai, Madurai and Coimbatore, besides the Tamil Nadu District Municipalities Act to ensure the safety of users of swimming pools.A bill to this effect was introduced in the state assembly by municipal administration and rural development minister K P Munusamy on Wednesday. According to the new set of rules, no swimming pool shall be constructed in any place without obtaining permission from the corporation commissioner. No owner/occupier shall continue the use of existing pool, unless he obtains permission. The commissioner can authorize officials to enter any building or land in which a swimming pool is located, in order to make any inquiry and take any measures that are necessary for ensuring the safety of the persons using the pool.Following the death of M Ranjan, a Class 4 student of Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan Secondary School in the school's pool, public interest petitions were filed in the Madras high court, questioning poor amenities in educational institutions.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said: \"Earlier, when schools had to construct pools, they did not require permission from the corporation. Only public swimming pools came under the purview of the corporation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040874", "title": "Govt sets up tribunals but forgets to allot houses: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two benches of the Supreme Court are dealing with one issue - the laxity on the part of the Centre to provide accommodation and office space to chairpersons of tribunals, including the National Green Tribunal and the inter-state river water dispute tribunal.Both the benches, one comprising Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya and the other comprising Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave, have a common refrain - the government sets up tribunals under the statute but forgets the regulations which mandate it to provide the tribunal chiefs and members with residential accommodation and office space.Attorney general G E Vahanvati, the top law officer of the country, is seen profusely apologizing for the laxity on the part of the government and assuring the apex court benches that the needful would be done.Both the benches have faulted the April 20 circular issued by the Prime Minister's Office blocking allotment of accommodation from general pool bungalows in Lutyens zone. If one of the benches found that there were several squatters in unauthorized occupation of the bungalows, the other noted that lots of marriages and parties were taking place in vacant bungalows.On October 10, the bench of Justices Singhvi and Mukhopadhaya frowned at the dichotomy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d scores of bungalows being under unauthorized occupation of former bureaucrats, ex-senior cops and journalists yet the PMO issuing a circular disentitling tribunal heads and members from getting accommodation from the Union government's general pool.\"The central government is facing problems in allotting accommodation to tribunal chairpersons and officials of other wings. Due to unauthorized occupation, the government finds it difficult to allot houses. This is why the Prime Minister's Office circulated a proposal denying houses from general pool to members of tribunals. It is imperative for the court to intervene,\" it had said.On October 1, the bench of Justices Lodha and Dave expressed surprise at the Centre's policy to deny government bungalows from general pool to the water dispute tribunal chairman and members.\"We do not understand how marriages and parties of ministers and MPs are held in vacant bungalows but the government tells us that there are no vacant houses when it came to allotting them to water dispute tribunal chairman and members,\" it said.The bench on Tuesday said, \"We can understand if the tribunals were constituted by the Supreme Court and the government had difficulty in providing accommodation to the members and chairpersons. But these are tribunals set up under a statute which mandates providing of residential houses to them.\"Vahanvati, who bore the brunt of the anguish, agreed with the benches that it was not a matter for which there should be arguments and counters. He assured the benches that the needful would be done as soon as possible to make the tribunals functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040109", "title": "Excise revenue earnings keep govt in good spirits", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite the economic slowdown and market conditions not being conducive, tax collected from liquor sales are supporting the coffers of the state government while revenues from other departments are poor. \"It is the tippler who has emerged as the best friend of the revenue department in this hour of slowdown,\" noted a senior official of the government.Excise revenues saw a jump of 105% when compared to last year's collections. While the state government had fixed a target of Rs 10,820 crore for the current financial year, liquor revenue has crossed Rs 4,180 crore which is Rs 232 crore more than the target for the period ending in September.Total revenues of the state recorded a sharp fall at the end of first half of the year. Revenues dropped by 6.4% to end up at Rs 29,532 crore as against the target of Rs 31,543 crore for this period. Commercial tax revenue, which accounts for a lion's share of the total government revenue, saw a sharp fall of Rs 2,116.78 crore with many small and medium industries showing a negative growth.The rampant power cuts have resulted in the negative performance of the commercial tax sector.While the government expected revenues of Rs 46,785.74 crore from commercial taxes, it mopped up only Rs 19,711.97 crore by the end of September.The 10% drop in the commercial tax revenue is sending jitters in the revenue department.Revenues from land registrations and stamp duty managed to stay afloat but officials are doubtful if the trend will continue in the coming months, thanks to the economic slowdown which has impacted the land sales.\"We received Rs 2,499 crore revenue from registrations and stamps department which is just above the target for this period. There is a drop in land transactions in several districts due to unfavourable economic conditions,\" said sources in the registrations department.Transport revenues, pegged at Rs 4,968 crore for the current financial year, was only Rs 1,632 crore due to the slump in the transport sector. With revenues from all the departments is seeing a drop, the finance department has asked other departments to tighten their expenditure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040594", "title": "Delhi-based gang cheats UK citizens", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rogue call centres based in Delhi are believed to have duped some UK residents of large sums of money. The special cell has started probe in the case after the British High Commission brought it to light, and three men have already been held from west Delhi and Rohini.Initial investigations in the UK by the law enforcement agency SOCA have revealed that the accounts of several UK residents were emptied after they provided their 'electronic money code' of a particular company. Investigators believe a large gang based around Delhi is involved in the fraud.The cheats lure people into obtaining unsecured loans and transferring a particular amount through the internet to India as a processing fee. Confidential datay of the applicants is obtained during the disbursement of the unsecured loans, and it is then used to draw money from their accounts.A source said users are given unique 19-digit IDs to be entered upon transfer or purchase. These IDs are allegedly being misused by the gang. SOCA's investigation showed that two of the electronic money vouchers of a particular company were bought in the UK as part of the alleged loan fraud. The company, too, confirmed the crooks' methods are the same in every such case originating in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039842", "title": "Four nabbed for robbing trader", "text": "NAGPUR: Ganeshpeth police have arrested a gang of four for robbing a businessman of Rs2.57 lakh cash by throwing chilli powder on him. Police were tipped off about Chandu Ninawe, Rohit Badel, Harshal Rasel and others involved in the robbery.On October 27, three bike-borne youths had thrown chilli powder on complainant Santosh Agrawal's eyes and decamped with a bag containing the cash. Agrawal, a candle trader, was taking the cash home.Cops suspect notorious goon Ramesh Patrabe to be behind the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041722", "title": "Tribunal rejects pension claim of second \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcwife\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on Wednesday upheld Kolkata-based Ordnance Factory Board's order rejecting the claim for family pension by the 'second wife' of an OFB employee.The bench of judicial member Justice G Shanthappa and administrative member R Satapathy said the decision taken by the respondents, including OFB, in rejecting the claim of R Devaki, 'second wife' of M Subramaniam, for family pension was right.The department of pension and pensioners' welfare, the order said, had clarified that the 'second wife' would not be entitled to family pension as such a marriage cannot be legally solemnised when either party has a spouse living at the time. The respondents include OFB chairman and director-general and general manager of Cordite Factory in The Nilgiris. \"The petitioner (Devika) cannot ask for inclusion of her name for family pension of M Subramaniam, who died on March 6, 2012, since she is his illegitimate wife and not entitled for the relief as prayed for,\" said Justice Shanthappa.An employee of the Cordite Factory, Subramaniam 'married' Devika in 1977 when his first wife was alive. When he applied for pension, he claimed only a single pension. However, after his first wife's death, Subramaniam made a representation on September 10, 2010 requesting the authorities to include Devika in his pension payment order as wife by enclosing the true extract of the Hindu Marriage Register kept by the marriage registrar office in Coonoor.The authorities rejected it saying his 'second marriage' happened during the life time of his first wife and such a marriage was invalid. Devika challenged this order before the CAT bench. \"Any second marriage by a Hindu male after the commencement of 1955 Act during the lifetime of his first wife will be null and have no legal effect. The applicant has not proved her case,\" said Justice Shanthappa and dismissed the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17042767", "title": "Somali pirates expand their operations till west coast of India: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Somali pirates now have expanded their operations to the West Coast of India, a senior US official has said, adding, the issue of piracy has become a regular part of America's diplomatic engagements with countries around the world.On any given day up to 30 vessels from as many as 22 nations are engaged in counter-piracy operations in the region.\"International naval forces have thwarted pirate attacks in progress, engaged pirate skiffs, and successfully taken back hijacked ships during opposed boardings,\" said the Assistant Secretary of State for Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Andrew Shapiro, in his remarks on \"Turning the Tide on Somali Piracy\" last week at the Atlantic Council of the United States.\"We have worked together to create safer shipping lanes through the Gulf of Aden for commercial shipping vessels by establishing the Internationally Recommended Transit Corridor.\"The transit corridor is heavily patrolled by naval forces and has helped reduce the number of attacks within the Gulf of Aden,\" he said, but quickly added that pirates have adapted to these efforts.\"The expanded use of mother-ships has enabled pirates to expand their area of operations all the way to the west coast of India. This makes it difficult for naval or law enforcement ships to reach the scene of a pirate attack quickly enough,\" he said.\"There is just too much water to patrol. High seas naval patrols are an essential component of an effective counter- piracy strategy.But military power, while necessary, is not sufficient on its own. Given the demands on US forces, we also needed to look to other tools to combat piracy,\" Shapiro said.Shapiro said the US government is working to empower the maritime industry so that they can better protect themselves from attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041197", "title": "Times Scholars: Two Kolkata boys find berth among top 100", "text": "KOLKATA: Two city boys are among the top 100 students shortlisted for Times Scholars - a special initiative of The Times of India to encourage students to pursue higher studies. Students across the country were encouraged to apply and the top 20 will be given a scholarship of Rs 5 lakh each over four years. Class XI students were eligible to participate in the scheme, so that they get the scholarship when they are ready for college.Shounak Ghosh of Delhi Public School, Ruby Park and Anurag Saha Roy of Salt Lake School are among the top 100 who will face the final interview in Delhi on November 2-3. They were among the 38 girls and boys from the eastern region who faced a tough interview at the TOI Kolkata office. Shanta Dutta, head of the English department at Presidency University, and Anindya Sen, dean (academics) of IIM, Calcutta interviewed the candidates.Naturally, Shounak and Anurag are ecstatic. \"I am beside myself with joy and am packing my bags for Delhi. I hope I make it to the top 20,\" said Shounak. The sprightly boy stood out in the interview when he said he is just as passionate about football as he is about studies. And while he, too, will follow the beaten track by sitting for IIT-JEE after his Plus Two, he wants to study biotech.\"It might sound too big now, but I actually want to develop an AIDS vaccine. It has been my dream for long,\" he said. Shounak's father is a chartered accountant , who gave up a corporate career to start a Montessori school, while his mother is a professor of history in Calcutta University. Shounak spends a lot of time bettering the lives of those less fortunate than him and as the head boy of his school, leads many such initiatives along with his classmates.Anurag was just as happy as Shounak. One cannot be but pleased with the straightforwardness and innocence of the 18-year-old. \"I am just an ordinary boy and like others of my age, I am interested in a lot of things like music, reading, photography... I also study occasionally,\" he said.His banker father has a lot of expectation from his only son and so the boy has also learnt to dream of studying in the IITs. But there is a little activist deep inside him. Whenever he can, Anurag picks up the cudgels for women, especially on the issue of sexual harassment.\"I hate it when people say that women dress up in a particular fashion these days that gets them lurid remarks. One day I will certainly find myself empowered to fight this,\" he said with a lot of conviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "banikhet (dalhousie, hp )", "code": "17040340", "title": "Digvijaya steps up attack on Gadkari, hints at incriminating evidence against BJP chief in housing society scam", "text": "BANIKHET (Dalhousie, HP ): Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh claimed to have 'incriminating evidence' against the alleged purchase of flats by BJP president Nitin Gadkari in Adarsh Housing Society, Maharashtra.\"Wait for a couple a days and I will produce damning evidence against Gadkari who used his coterie to buy 10 flats in the Adarsh Housing Society,\" the AICC general secretary said at a public rally in Dalhousie.The high rise Adarsh Housing Complex, a cooperative society in the Colaba area of Mumbai has been under the scanner for irregularities including sale of flats to politicians.Digvijaya Singh, who has taken on Gadkari over his economic assets, said, \"scams involving Gadkari were like a can of worms.\" On the BJP linking the initials, 'VBS' found in the ISPAT diary to Virbhadra Singh , the AICC Genetal Secretary said the diary also has direct references to the Chief Minister of BJP ruled Madhya Pradesh. Digvijay Singh claimed to be in possession of the pages containing the said reference and said the evidence would be released to the media soon.Digvijaya Singh also took potshots at the BJP for offering land to \"dhongi Baba Ramdev\". According to him, \"Woh chor dhongi baba jo har jagah corruption ka damru bajata hai usne yahan Rs 500 crore ki land deal kari BJP ke saath.\"Last year, the BJP government in the state leased out a plot measuring 8.13 lakh square feet in Solan to Baba Ramdev's aide Acharya Balakrishna allegedly at throwaway prices.The land was leased for Rs 17.3 lakh at price per bigha or 8,400 square feet for Rs 18,000. The prevailing rate was Rs 30,000 to 40,000. Digvijaya Singh said the land in question had been gifted to the government by the erstwhile ruler of Patiala, Maharaja Yadvinder Singh. Former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi wanted to build a holiday home for the National Cadet Corps on the plot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17041853", "title": "Fill up primary teachers posts, demand aspirants", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Students appearing in competitive examinations along with Teachers Eligibility Test ( TET) aspirants under the banner of Pratiyogi Chatra Morcha took out a procession till the Collectorate on Wednesday and demanded filling up of around 72,825 posts of primary teachers in the state.They raised slogans against the state government and education department for failing to initiate the process of filling up the vacancies. The protestors blocked the Collectorate road and later handed over a memorandum to the district officials.Morcha convenor Rajesh Kumar Singh said the state government has failed to fill up the post of primary teachers despite receiving a directive from the high court. This poinst towards their insensitivity towards the candidates who have applied for 72,825 vacancies of primary teachers in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17041426", "title": "Hard work is key for these young athletes", "text": "LUDHIANA: At a time when parents of teenage children, especially boys, are worrying about their kids straying towards drugs and other bad habits; these young athletes, through hard work and right coaching, have made their parents proud.Yudhvir Singh Chahal, 20; Gurmanpreet Singh, 16; Amritpal Singh, 16; and Arshveer Singh, 13, have been training in different throwing events under Harinder Singh Cheema at Guru Nanak Stadium; and except Yudhvir who has been training for five years, all others started training only months ago and are bringing home medals.Gurmanpreet Singh, 16, a student of Guru Nanak Public School, Ludhiana, started training seriously for Discuss Throw 10 months ago. He won gold in Discuss Throw at the Open Punjab State Junior Athletics Meet (U-18) last month and finished seventh in the 28th National Junior Athletics Championships-2012 in the under-18 category. Showing promise, his coach feels that he has the potential to become a top athlete if he keeps up with his hard work.From a family of acclaimed weightlifters, he got into athletics in school, where he was always interested in sports. He has his parents' full support who feel good and a little relieved about their son. \"I feel proud of him and relieved. This is the age when children start straying. But he has shown dedication to sport. He is particular about his exercise and diet and we try to support him,\" said Gurmanpreet's father Parminder Singh, a businessman.Amritpal Singh, who has been training for over a year, comes from Mullanpur, over 20 kilometres away, everyday to practice. He won bronze in Shot Put at the same Open Punjab State Junior Athletics Meet (U-18). His father Jugraj Singh, a businessman in Mullanpur, is the one who accompanies him every day. \"I try my best to provide him the proper diet along with the right training. I ask the coach about his diet and he only takes natural diet. We are happy to see him improve as an athlete. This will only help him in the future,\" he said.Keeping in mind their young age, coach Harinder pays special attention that these youngsters take the right diet and stay away from all the wrong kinds of supplements. \"It is not their age for supplements. When they get older, then they will need supplements which are permitted,\" he said.According to him, it is also very important for the parents to participate, because it a collective effort; and that the parents should understand the time and dedication it takes to become a top-level athlete. \"Arshveer started only two months ago, and won a bronze in Shot Put in the under-14 category at the Open Punjab State Junior Athletics Meet. It is good he is showing results but it is still early,\" he said.\"Yudhvir started with me five years ago, when I told his parents that they should look at his results only after four years. He showed promise then as well, but it takes time to develop into a thrower. This year, he won gold in Shot Put at the Junior Nationals,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17041815", "title": "Sex racket case: 1 more held", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Special investigation team probing the sex racket case in the city has arrested one more person in connection with the case on Wednesday. The arrested has been identified as Vidyadharan (42), native of Mundikkalthazham in city.According to police, Vidyadharan was the customer of the members in the racket and he also sexually abused a minor girl, who is the daughter of Asmabi, a member of the racket who has already been arrested. He was running a brothel in association with Asmabi at Paroppadi. Policehave charged case of rape and immoral trafficking against Vidyadharan.The investigation team has already arrested nine persons in connection with the case, including two women and a Youth Congress leader at Kakkodi. It was on October 24 that police busted an interstate sex racket by arresting five persons including two women from Rani Apartments at Arayadathupalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039560", "title": "Cabinet set to ease curbs on RTI today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bowing to pressure from activists and mindful of public opinion, the Union Cabinet is on Thursday likely to withdraw controversial draft amendments to the Right to Information Act that restrict disclosure of file notings only to social and developmental issues.If the amendments are junked, all file notings can be made public except those exempted over concerns such as national security, privacy and protection of commercial interests. Once the proposed changes are withdrawn, the selection process for appointments to public authorities will also be made public.The changes were previously approved by the Cabinet but did not make it to Parliament in the face of an uproar led by activists who accused the government of diluting the Act. With RTI seen as Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's initiative, the government's task did not become any easier.The current season of pro-transparency movements might have prompted the government to do away with the proposed amendments passed by the Cabinet in 2006. The changes were opposed by RTI activists including Anna Hazare , Aruna Roy and Arvind Kejriwal .Opening the selection process to RTI scrutiny will be a fairly significant step too with only privacy concerns curbing revelation of information seen to be of a personalized nature. Also, queries aimed at gaining knowledge of a competitor's application for a post will be disallowed.Although the government did not push the amendments, RTI practitioners say the changes were a threat that hung like a Damocles' sword and welcomed the government's move guardedly.Former information commissioner in the Central Information Commission (CIC) Shailesh Gandhi said, \"The proposed decision appears to be good. But after the statements made by the PM and the series of rulings by the Supreme Court restricting disclosure, there is serious concern among people like me that something that could dilute the act could still follow.''In July 2006, the Union Cabinet had approved an amendment to section 2 (i) (a) of the Act that specifically provides that file notings of all plans, schemes and programmes of the government that relate to development and social issues shall be disclosed.RTI activist S C Agrawal said, \"The proposed amendments on file notings were very restrictive. It was clearly meant to kill the essence of the Act. But if there are going to be any more changes to weaken the act then civil society is ready to protest.''RTI activists noted that in fact the draft amendments had been used to deny information on several occasions making access to files an uphill task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040059", "title": "Stay-at-home mothers hit their kids most often: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Reports of children taking extreme steps or running away from home after being disciplined stare at us from newspapers every other day. Yet, in a shocking finding, a study tells us that almost seven out of 10 sets of parents hit their children in Mumbai. Across India, 65% parents admit they are not averse to spanking their kids.The widespread prevalence of spanking belies attempts to provide children with a more caring environment for growing up. The Supreme Court had banned corporal punishment in schools in 2000 while the Right to Education Act reiterated the ban recently.Surprisingly, mothers - 77% across India and in Mumbai - were found most liable to raise their hands against children. Housewives came across as the harshest though it is usually believed that they have more time to dedicate to their kids than mothers juggling family life with a job. The survey by a well-known education group in Mumbai was carried out across 10 cities including Mumbai, Pune, Surat, Ahmedabad, Chennai and Bangalore.\"What was shocking was that spanking of children was more evident in the cities than in the rural areas. The survey also shows that in most cases, stay-at-home mothers end up resorting to physical punishment for their children,\" said Swati Popat Vats, director of Podar Jumbo Kids.It was also noticed that 84% of the 4,022 parents who were part of the survey were not in agreement on any kind of physical punishment but felt helpless most of the times. Parents said one of the main reasons why they hit their child was when the child irritated them and they lost their cool. \"In most of the responding households, the fathers were working full time and their absence from home left the mothers to take the responsibility of disciplining the children. It often led to spanking to gain control,\" added Vats.In an endorsement of having sufficient gaps between children, the survey by the Podar Institute of Education found that larger the age difference between siblings, lesser was the beating and vive versa.School principals across the city told TOI that they often end up counselling parents on how to discipline their children. \"So many parents have ended up thrashing their children in front of my eyes and we had to intervene,\" said Lalitha Hariharan, principal of Rizvi Springfield School, Bandra (W). \"Parents are always frustrated but they need to find alternative ways of disciplining their children. Hitting children does not put across the point. Instead, children end up rebelling against their parents.\"Parents' associations in the city too are worried about the rising trend. \"Everybody loses their cool and often parents come to us and ask help in counselling their children when, in fact, they need counselling too,\" said Lata Nair, vice-president of PTA United Forum.Mumbai: There have been discussions of teachers unable to control children without resorting to various forms of physical punishment for discipline management, a recent survey conducted by a popular school in Mumbai reveals that parents themselves are not averse to hitting their kids. According to a survey conducted by Podar Institute of Education, out of the 4,022 parents who were questioned across the country, 65% parents agreed that they hit their children, why 68% parents in Mumbai agreed to doing so.\"What was shocking in this survey was that this trend of spanking children was more evident in the urban cities while parents in the rural areas more sensitive towards their children. The survey also shows that in most cases, stay-at-home mothers end up resorting to physical punishment for their children,\" said Swati Popat Vats, director of Podar Jumbo Kids. This survey was conducted over 15 cities across the country including Mumbai, Pune, Surat, Ahmedabad, Chennai and Bangalore.Of the total parents surveyed, 68% mothers, who were housewives, agreed to spanking their children. \"The fact that in most households, the fathers were working full time and their absence from home left mothers to take the responsibility of disciplining the children and thus, spanking them to gain control,\" added Vats. It was also noticed that 84% of the parents were not in agreement of any kind of physical punishment but felt helpless most times. Parents mentioned that one of the main reasons why they hit their child was when the child irritated them and they lost their cool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17041677", "title": "Cochin University of Science and Technology to collect recognition fee", "text": "KOCHI: The Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) has decided to collect Rs 1,000 per student per semester as student recognition fee from the existing and the new students of recognized self-financing colleges affiliated to it.This is above the Rs 10 lakh collected from each self-financing college annually as recognition fee.Upset over this, students' organizations and leaders made representations to the university to withdraw the order. But Cusat authorities refused to oblige stating that 85% of the university's human resources had been diverted to ensure the smooth functioning of these self-financing colleges.In order to help the university overcome its financial crisis, Cusat syndicate had revised its various fees, including exam fees and tuition fees. Affiliated colleges have been asked to collect fees in lump sum and remit it to the university before the registration of students for semester examinations.Cusat order states: \"The existing tuition fee and other allied fees will be continued for the current students. The new fee structure is applicable only to candidates joining from 2012 (admission) onwards\".\"Cusat has been set up primarily to offer post graduate courses and to enable research works. But from the time we started giving recognition to self-financing BTech courses, we have slowly moved away from our original goal and now have become more of an affiliation institution rather than a university where excellent research work is carried out,\" said Cusat registrar A Ramachandran.\"After we became an affiliation institution we have had to recruit more staff. Government resources are not enough to meet the increased financial burden of the university and the 28 self-financing colleges affiliated to Cusat also need to contribute beyond the Rs 10 lakh annual recognition fees. Hence the decision,\" said Ramachandran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "barnala/amritsar", "code": "17040489", "title": "Sandy torment cuts across borders", "text": "BARNALA/AMRITSAR: With Hurricane Sandy raging on in the United States, relatives of the Indian Diaspora are worried. Relatives of those living near the east coast in the US are making frenzied calls, using social networking sites, sending text messages and e-mails to know the wellbeing of their dear ones facing the fury of hurricane.Retired principals from Barnala, Des Raj and Sudesh Goel have been trying to contact their son Anurag Goel, a computer engineer in New Jersey, since from Tuesday without any success. \"We were in touch with Anurag, his wife and children via facebook and the landline phone till Monday (before all links snapped). Now we are worried about their safety,\" said Sudesh.Businessman Shub Karan Gupta's daughter Aditi Gupta is doing her post graduation in medicine at Manhattan, New York. \"Though she was evacuated to a safer place after the housing block where she was residing was submerged, we have not been able to get in touch with her,\" he said. In Sahaur village of Barnala, Baldev Singh, too, has been praying for the safety of his son and his family in New York.Amrik Singh Gill is glued to his laptop, wanting to know the well-being of his two sons, Sartaj and Dilbagh, who live in New York and Boston respectively. They have exchanged frantic emails and telephone calls. Sartaj and his family has moved to a safer place, he said. \"Their house is close to seashore,\" he said. Dilbagh, who is in Boston, had to face electricity breakdown, which was very rare in US. \"Every two hours, they inform us through e-mails,\" said Amrik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040527", "title": "A year on, infra panel nod to only 2 plans", "text": "MUMBAI: In its first meeting held nearly after a gap of over one year, the state cabinet sub-committee on infrastructure cleared only two projects on Wednesday.Nearly 23 proposals of the public works department (PWD) and five of the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), including crucial projects like the Worli-Haji Ali and Bandra-Versova sea links, have been in limbo ever since the committee held its last meeting on August 6, 2011.Following the Wednesday's meeting, state ministers said the meet will now take place every month. \"Earlier this meeting used to take place every three months but somehow we have not had the opportunity to come together. We will ensure it happens regularly from now on,\" said a senior minister.The panel took up as many as 12 proposals that were on its agenda but ended up discussing only four. The two projects that were approved are the 53-km four-lane road between Shikrapur-Nhavra-Chowfula and another 94-km road, both to be constructed by the PWD.Other projects of e-tagging at toll nakas, proposal for a road between Nagpur-Aurangabad-Mumbai and the ring road around Pune were also discussed in the meeting, officials said.Senior officials said the meeting has not been held for a while because of \"lack of an agenda\".Recently, various departments were able to draw up a list of projects, mostly over Rs 25 crore, to be forwarded for the panel's approval. \"We have forwarded projects worth Rs 15,000 crore to the committee and are hoping for an early approval,\" said a senior MSRDC official. The committee is chaired by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and other senior ministers (PWD, finance, industries and urban development ) are working members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040853", "title": "Ambala-Kalka stretch work to start today; traffic diverted", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The work of construction of road underbridge on Ambala-Kalka section will finally be taken up by Northern Railway. The work will start from Thursday and will continue till July 31, 2013. Traffic has therefore been diverted to Chandigarh-Kalka road.The 3km stretch to connect Chandigarh with Panchkula via Hallomajra lightpoint with Industrial Area, Phase II of Panchkula is ready. The only thing that remains is the railway underbridge.Over four lakh commuters enter Chandigarh from adjoining cities of Panchkula and Mohali daily and it has made traffic bottlenecks a perennial feature on the main arteries like Madhya Marg.The route \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from Sector 26, Chandigarh to IT Park crossing to Modern Housing Complex, Manimajra to Housing Board crossing \u00e2\u20ac\u201d hasn't been of much help due to the narrow roads in Manimajra.The only immediate solution to the problem in construction of alternate routes is stuck due to indifference of the railway authorities as the Chandigarh-Panchkula route number 2 has not become operational for over four years.Once functional, route number 2 will take substantial traffic load off the main entry to Chandigarh from Panchkula through the Housing Board Chowk. Also the growing congestion of the Hallomajra roundabout will be tackled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039898", "title": "MSEDCL's infra plan work delayed by two years", "text": "NAGPUR: Here is another glaring example of MSEDCL's slow pace of work. The infra plan of Congress Nagar and MIDC divisions was supposed to be completed by mid-2010 but it is still going on. According to MSEDCL officials it is now in its final stages with only installation of a few distribution transformers remaining.However, in the past MSEDCL has always told TOI that it would be completed within a few months and missed the deadline every time. In last few months, the deadline at first moved forward to December 2011, then March 2012, May end and then August end.The power distributor has blamed Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) for the delay. \"They took their own time in giving us permissions to lay cables, which caused the delays,\" an official claimed. However, the fact is that work was delayed in many cases where permission from another agency was not needed. The official also said that another reason for delay was change in the infra plan. \"We had to make a lot of adjustments due to these changes.\"MSEDCL's data for April, 2011 and 2012 shows that consumers of the two divisions suffered due to the delay. The number of breakdowns in Congress Nagar division reduced from 15 in 2011 to 13 in 2012 (the figure excludes maintenance shutdowns and tripping for less than 10 minutes). The average duration of breakdowns reduced from 37 to 32 minutes. It is clear that had the work been completed on time the number of breakdowns in 2011 and 2012 would have been lower than the actual figure.The situation in Gandhibagh, Mahal and Civil Lines divisions is worse. MSEDCL did not approve the infra plan for these divisions as it had decided to appoint a franchisee. The contract went to Crompton Greaves in 2008 but it did not take over for a year and was then cancelled. Finally Spanco's subsidiary SNDL took over in May 2011. However, the company neither had the will nor the money to invest in infrastructure upgradation. Now, consumers of these divisions can only hope that Essel Utilities the new majority partner of the franchisee company SNDL will start improving the infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17040147", "title": "Talk by Prerna Singh Bindra", "text": "Literati, Candolim, will host a talk by Prerna Singh Bindra, writer and conservationist, on November 2 at 7pm. The writer will speak on her book 'Voices from wilderness' and on the 'Elusive tigers of Goa'.Smoking Chutney at Nerul: Jazz band 'Smoking Chutney' will perform at Sol Villa, Nerul, on November 1. The lineup includes harp player Pratish Motwane, guitarist Benoy Rai, pianist Sancho Menezes, bassist Colin D'Cruz and drummer Bosco D'Souza. For details call on 6714141.Painting course: Sunaparanta, Panaji , will present 'An introduction to acrylic on canvas' with Shilpa Nasnolkar. The course will be held on November 11, 18 and 25, and December 9, between 10am and 12 noon. For details and registration call on 2421311 or email at info@sgcfa.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040231", "title": "Students' outfit protests outside Maharashtra minister's college", "text": "MUMBAI: Members of a students' organization staged a protest on Wednesday against higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope's college running out of a residential building in Vashi. Around 200 students and activists gathered outside Matsyodari Shikshan Sanstha's College of Commerce in Vashi, which is housed in Silicon Tower, a residential complex, and staged the 'Topi lava' protest.The college, which was set up in 2007, is managed by the trust owned by Tope's family. Apart from flouting the norms set by the University Grants Commission, the college does not even have a land of its own. The local inquiry committee set up by the Mumbai University, which granted affiliation to the institute, cited the shortcomings in the college and the facilities. According to rules, the college needs to move to a permanent location or a building owned by the college within five years of its affiliation. The time frame will come to an end by April 2013. Earlier, speaking to TOI, Tope, said, \"We will try to move to a new location as soon as possible. If we are unable to get a place before April, we will shut the college.\"Activists of Maharashtra Navnirman Vidyarthi Sena (MNVS) staged the protest seeking closure of the college.\"We did not shout slogans as students were appearing for their exams. But we have registered our protest. On the one hand, the university and the government are promoting community colleges to induce skill-based education and on the other, the minister's college does not have its own land,\" said a MNVS member.MNVS members had earlier met governor K Sankaranarayan and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, seeking action against the college.Also, the MNVS members were upset that even a month after the complaint was filed, the government has not initiated any action against the college.An RTI appeal by MNVS revealed that the college runs on an area of 7,800 sq m area on plot no. 46, Sector 30 (A) in Vashi. It further came to light that the principal's cabin, college office, staffroom, a class room, library, lavatories, reading room and a sports wing, all is located on the building's first floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039970", "title": "K Chandrasekhar Rao meets K Keshava Rao", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) leader K Chandrasekhar Rao on Wednesday met Congress leader K Keshava Rao at the latter's residence for over four hours to chalk out a joint strategy for the separate Telangana state cause.Keshava Rao told the media that if the Centre did not make an announcement in favour of separate Telangana state before the parliament's next session, the agitation would be intensified. He said all Telangana MPs would work together and join the struggle with TRS on the issue.Keshava Rao dismissed the suggestion that he would join the TRS. He said KCR himself had made it clear to Congress leaders in Delhi that he would merge TRS with the Congress if the Centre agrees to separate Telangana state.It may be mentioned here that KCR has been saying that the agitation for a T-state would be intensified in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041238", "title": "Rs 50,000 compensation to Japanese encephalitis victims' families: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Promising state government assistance to all families afflicted by the Japanese encephalitis , chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , on Wednesday, said the state would give Rs 50,000 to all families where children had died of JE. In cases where children were left disabled by the disease, state government assistance of Rs 1 lakh would be given. Nearly 400 children succumbed to encephalitis this year alone, while over 200 are still undergoing treatment at various hospitals.To participate in the golden jubilee celebrations of the Madan Mohan Malviya Engineering College in Gorakhpur, Akhilesh also promised the addition of a 500-bed ward to the Baba Raghav Das Medical College (BRDMC). He also said MRI facilities will be extended to the hospital.This is the first time Akhilesh was visiting Gorakhpur after the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) slammed the UP government for being \"casual\" in its approach towards handling JE cases. The commission also blamed UP for the deaths of scores of children, which could have been prevented with proper preventive care. Dismissing an elaborate presentation on steps taken by the state government to save children from untimely death on account of JE, the NCPCR, in September, had observed UP had done nothing to improve the situation from 2011.A preliminary assessment of the situation in BRDMC had shown four children sharing a bed, apart from ill-equipped health facilities. The commission also observed that though UP government submitted proposals worth several crores, only two were found viable by the Union ministry of health. One of the proposals that was cleared included providing ventilators to hospitals in the affected area. However, the government was unable to finalise the tender for procurement of ventilators.On Wednesday, the chief minister also promised to consider restarting the grant for Madan Mohan Malviya Engineering College after it was stopped in 1998. Akhilesh also said the college would be upgraded on the lines of IIT Roorkee. Accusing the previous government of misusing public money because of which no jobs were available and unemployment levels rose in the state, he also advised students of the college to follow in the footsteps of their college's alumnus, AP Mishra, currently managing director of UP Power Corporation Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040540", "title": "Politician claims he was fired at, cops not convinced", "text": "NEW DELHI: A south Delhi politician has alleged that he was fired upon when he decided to approach the high court against some illegal constructions in his area. Police, though, are not convinced.Gajraj Singh, 31, is the national general secretary of Yuva Lok Janshakti Party. He claimed that a man on a motorcycle blocked his way and shot at his car's windscreen when he was returning home from his party's office on October 29. The car has been sent for forensic examination.\"I was going from Ram Chandra Pawan's office to my house in Khanpur around 11.45pm. I had asked my driver to leave and was driving my Ambassador car. A biker pulled up ahead of me near the Khanpur Shutterwala Lane and fired a single round. The bullet pierced my front windscreen. I called 100 and thereafter lodged a case at the Neb Sarai police station,'' Singh said. He also claimed that acid was thrown at him six months ago.\"I have made numerous submissions to MCD , asking them to stop unauthorized constructions in Neb Sarai. When I made up my mind to move HC on October 30, I was attacked,'' he claimed, adding he had received a threatening call soon after the attack. \"He is a property dealer and there might be some personal enmity. We are waiting for the forensic lab's report from Rohini,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17042150", "title": "Security tightened in Belgaum city for Kannada Rajyothsava", "text": "BELGAUM: Security has been tightened in Belgaum for Kannada Rajyothsava. While Kannada speaking people celebrate the day in a grand manner, Maharashtra Ekikaran Samiti (MES) observes it as 'Black Day' in Belgaum.District in-charge minister Umesh Katti will inaugurate Rajyothsava programmes by offering puja to goddess Bhuvaneshwari at the DC office premises at 9am. Tableaux depicting the culture and development of the state, besides different folk teams will participate in the procession. Various cultural programmes will be held at Kumar Gandharva Rangmandir at 5.30pm.MES has organized a silent bicycle rally in the city. Activists will wear black shirts and black saris and holding a black flag. Former Union minister from Maharashtra N D Patil will address the activists on the occasion atMaratha Mandir, while advocate Madhav Chauhan will give information on the progress of the border dispute case in the Supreme Court.Last year, former mayor Manda Balakundri and deputy mayor Renu Killekar kicked up a controversy by participating in the MES rally. Pro-Kannada organizations kicked off agitations throughout the state demanding the supersedence of the city corporation.Ten DySPs, 30 CPIs, 100 PSIs, 100 ASIs, 1,500 police personnel, 10 each KSRP and DAR platoons have been deployed in the city. CCTV cameras have been fixed in sensitive places to keep an eye on the procession. SP Sandeep Patil said the department has given permission to play Kannada songs and use the red-yellow flag during procession.He warned of stringent action against those who use flags other than these.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040823", "title": "Time for Mumbaikars to bring out the woollies, says Met", "text": "MUMBAI: After a month of sweltering nights, Mumbaikars could finally feel the cool weather on Wednesday morning. The nip in the morning air indicates that the onset of winter may be upon us, said the weather department.On Wednesday, the minimum temperatures dipped to 20 degrees C\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtwo degrees below normal. For the whole month, the minimum temperature has hovered between 22 degrees and 25 degrees. Thus, it was a relief when the temperature first dipped to 24.5 degrees on Tuesday and 0.4 degrees further on Wednesday.\"The minimum temperature has started falling only in the last two days. The maximum temperature has been more or less steady,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at India Meteorological Department (IMD).According to the IMD, this October has neither been extremely hot nor too chilly. If the IMD's data for the previous years is considered, then the mercury levels have soared as high as 37.7 degrees C (in 2002) and dipped as low as 17.9 degrees C (in 2005) in the last ten years in October.The all time record in October was when the maximum temperature touched 37.9 degrees C on October 23, 1972; while the minimum temperature had been 16.7 degrees C on October 30, 1952.\"Due to the delayed monsoon, the temperature didn't reach the extreme this October,\" said a Met official.\"Since the monsoon's departure was delayed, it affected the temperatures too. The day-time temperatures have been steadily high this year,\" he said. Even after the monsoon departed, the city still witnessed a few days of heat and resultant showers in the evening, which restrained the maximum temperature from soaring and caused the minimum temperature to dip.On Wednesday, the maximum temperature was 33.6 degrees C in Colaba and 33.8 degrees C in Santa Cruz. The relative humidity recorded in Colaba was around 55% and that in Santa Cruz it was around 45% in the morning and evening.With the dip in the current night-time temperature, Mumbaikars can expect the weather to become cooler in the days to come, said IMD. \"The winds are blowing from the northern areas, where it is snowing. Hence, the temperature in Mumbai too may dip,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040362", "title": "Times Green Ganesha: Peppercorn temple, seed idol sweep awards", "text": "MUMBAI: A Ganpati idol made from 108 types of seeds and a temple sculpted from dried pepper and corn crowned the list of winners to the Times Green Ganesha (TGG) 2012 contest. The results were declared at a well-appointed ceremony in Mumbai on Tuesday.Gopal Krishna Binani, a resident of Andheri's J B Nagar, won for most eco-friendly household Ganesh. He had crafted a beautiful 3-ft tall idol from 108 varieties of seeds. \"The tongue and the body of the deityare made from udad dal, the 'beejratna', gem among seeds. I have been crafting such idols for 36 years, and instead of immersing, I hand them over to a temple or place them as decorations,\" he said.Thane's Kolbad Mitra Mandal earned the title of most eco-friendly mandal. \"The mandal boys sculpted a 22ftX35ft temple encrusted with dry pepper seeds and corn. There were 18 pillars holding the structure,\" said spokesperson Raju More. Kalbadevicha Raja of Badamwadi made from papier mache, that had become the talk of the town this Ganeshotsav, came second.Sanjay Deotale, minister of environment in state government, felicitated the winners. \"Through such intitiatives, we are trying to change the public mindset. I hope clay idols flood the market next year,\" he said. MPCB PRO Sanjay Bhuskute said the board had made available 50,000 clay idols.The fifth TGG edition saw over 60 prizes awarded to households, housing societies and mandals across Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur, Nashik, Kolhapur and Aurangabad. Over 1,800 entries were received and 2,300 students enrolled as TGG ambassadors. Times Green Ganesha is presented by IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd and powered by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board. RCF Ltd is co-sponsor. TGG is an initiative of Times Red Cell.Mumbai winners* Gopal Binani: Most Eco-friendly Home Ganpati* Kolbad Mitra Mandal, Thane: Most Eco-friendly Ganpati Mandal* Shriniwas Mitra Mandal Society: Most Eco-friendly Society Ganpati", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17041921", "title": "US presidential election to cost $6 billion, most expensive in history", "text": "WASHINGTON: America's 2012 general election is all set to be the most expensive one in its history, with the presidential election alone accounting $2.6 billion.With an estimated expenditure of $ 6 billion, the 2012 election is set to top the last most expensive election - four years ago - by about $700 million, a report released by a not-for-profit thinktank said yesterday.\"In the new campaign finance landscape post-Citizens United, we're seeing historic spending levels spurred by outside groups dominated by a small number of individuals and organisations making exceptional contributions,\" said Sheila Krumholz, executive director of the Center for Responsive Politics , after the release of a report in this regard.Not only is the total cost of the election record breaking, but the rate at which spending has increased - and continues to increase - in the closing weeks of the election as well, the report said.In particular, outside groups are spending furiously. Spending by these groups, for and against the two main presidential candidates, has grown from $19 million per week in early September to $33 million per week in early October, to $70 million during the week beginning October 21.The presidential election which alone accounts for $2.6 billion, is actually a decrease from 2008, when nearly $2.8 billion was directed at the presidential race, the report said.In 2012, presidential candidates along with major party committees are expected to spend about $2 billion.Outside organisations that report spending to the Federal Election Commission are predicted to spend more than $528 million to influence the presidential race.According to the Center For Responsive Politics, spending in congressional races is projected to increase slightly in 2012.House and Senate candidates combined will spend about $1.82 billion, up from $1.81 in 2010.The Obama Campaign kept much of its fund raising in-house, churning to collect millions of small donations at least $214.3 million, the report said, adding, that it also heavily tapped networks of wealthy and powerful supporters, known as bundlers, who combined to raise at least $180.1 million.On the other hand, the Romney campaign never reached historic levels of fund raising but was aligned with powerful outside spending groups.While the campaign raised just $389 million (only a relatively small fraction, $70.8 million, raised from small donors), Romney's campaign was undoubtedly buoyed by the support of Restore Our Future, which raised $131. 6 million, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040773", "title": "Self-help groups in Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation can now organise weekly bazaars", "text": "PUNE: Self-help groups (SHGs) in Pimpri-Chinchwad will now be able to hold weekly bazaars of their products at five locations in the city. The civic standing committee approved the proposal for the same last week.The committee has decided to provide 50 stalls to women SHGs. The weekly bazaars will be held at Dange chowk in Thergaon, Parvati garden and an open space near Sukhkarta appartment in Chinchwadgaon, Bhakti Shakti chowk in Nigdi, a ground near Sant Tukaram garden in Pradhikaran and the MHADA colony in Morwadi.Meanwhile, the committee last week also approved a proposal to pay Rs 2.07 crore to the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) as sub-lease charges for plots in Transportnagari, Nigdi. In 1978, the civic body had received 34 hectares of land on a 99-year-sub-lease.The PCMC divided the land into 180 plots and allotted them to transporters.Several transport operators from across the city shifted here because parking trucks on roads was affecting traffic in city areas.The transporters had paid Rs 4.15 crore to the municipal corporation for the plots. As per an agreement reached earlier between the two civic bodies, the PCNTDA had a claim of over 50% of this revenue.In July this year, the PCNTDA sent a letter to the PCMC, seeking its share of the revenue. Officials of both civic institutions met last month and the municipal commissioner agreed to the PCNTDA's demand. tnnA tri-partite agreement will soon be signed between the PCMC, PCNTDA and the plot holder.The committee also approved a proposal to buy 17 cars for civic office-bearers and officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17042195", "title": "Karwa Chauth celebrations warm up in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Hrishika Gupta, newly married girl living in Kidwai Nagar is anxious, a day ahead of Karwa Chauth as she could not manage to book sittings for her beauty treatment.Likewise many married women in the city have been scurrying to markets and making beelines outside parlours in preparation for Karwa Chauth, the day when every woman wants to look the best.\"There is extreme rush at our parlour and hence we have closed further bookings. Several orders have been placed by women who want to get ready at their homes but we could not take any,\" said Jyoti Singh, owner of a parlor in Arya Nagar.Similar words were echoed by Princy, who had to hire extra beauticians for Karwa Chauth week to manage high influx of customers.The parlour owners, where on one hand are finding it difficult to manage the rush, on the other hand are cashing in the rush of women by offering special discounts and packages.Monika, owner of a beauty parlour cum spa at Swaroop Nagar, informed that every client want to look different from other and women are ready to pay anything for that. Apart from the regular facial and bleach, women are demanding complete makeover and Mehndi.\"We are offering treatment packages and discounts to our regular customers. The newly wed women are demanding bridal makeup, which is out of any package as bridal make-up takes a lot of time itself,\" added Monika.Geetika Verma, a make-up artist who goes for door-to-door make-up in Kakadeo said, \"With the marriage season in full swing, Karva Chauth has added to the demand of make-up artists at homes. Women prefer to get ready at homes as it save time and they are free to change the look and make-up with their preference.\"She added that her clients are continuously asking for something new and unique. This is what keeping her busy these days as she is surfing internet for new make-up and hair-styles to meet the demands.Interestingly, it is not just women who are making rounds of parlours and spas, even their husbands have been making efforts to flaunt their looks on Karva Chauth. \"Men are coming to parlours for varied beauty treatments. Some of them are even planning for special dresses to wear on the occasion as well,\" said, Javed, hair-stylist at a men parlour in K-Block.Apart from make-up, dresses, matching accessories and fashionable footwear is also in the list of women. Hence, the city markets are offering large varieties of bangles and footwear for women in traditional styles for this Karwa Chauth.Colourfull bangles in plastics, mirror and steel forms are new entry in market this year but the shopkeepers are saying that the buyers are still interested in traditional bangles. The footwear are also available in wide ranges among, which golden and black are mostly being picked by the women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17042098", "title": "Free generic drugs in Kerala from today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The stage is set for the generic drug wave in Kerala. From Thursday, doctors in all the five medical college hospitals and general hospitals in Thiruvananthapuram, Ernakulam and Kozhikode will prescribe only free generic drugs to patients.\"In the first phase, through these eight hospitals, 952 varieties of generic drugs would be disbursed free of cost and irrespective of the APL, BPL divide,\" said health minister V S Sivakumar.The main aim of the initiative is to help those who are being fleeced by the drug mafia by charging exorbitant prices. The steat has estimated an expense of Rs 230 crore for implementing this scheme, he said. In the second phase the drugs would be given through eight other general hospitals and 15 district hospitals, and in the third phase, through taluk hospitals, community health centres and primary health centres of the state.The drugs have been adequately stocked and doctors have been given guidance in prescribing the drugs. The Kerala Medical Service Corporation Limited (KMSCL) has also supplied generic drugs for diabetes , blood pressure and kidney disorder to all the primary and community health centres.This is to bring down the price of drugs for lifestyle disorders. KMSCL has also supplied 81 varieties of antibiotics, 21 for respiratory disorder, 51 drugs for cardiac disorder, 59 for ENT, 20 for gynecology related treatment and 55 for mental illness. The 107 varieties of cancer drugs supplied through the Regional Cancer Centre, has been now made available in all the medical college hospitals and in Ernakulam general hospital.For patients who have complaints regarding the supply, special liaison officers have been deployed. in these eight hospitals.Complaints would be redressed by a committee comprising doctors.Stage is set for the generic drug wave in the state. From Thursday the doctors in all the five medical college hospitals and general hospitals in Thiruvananthapuram, Ernakulam and Kozhikode will prescribe only free generic drugs to the patients. In the first phase through these eight hospitals 952 varieties of generic drugs would be disbursed free of cost irrespective of the APL, BPL divide,'' said V S Sivakumar, health minister.The main aim of the initiative is to help the people of the state who are being fleeced by the drug mafia by charging exorbitant prices for branded drugs. The government has estimated an expense of Rs 230 crore for implementing this scheme, he said.In the second phase the drugs would be given through eight other general hospitals and 15 district hospitals. In the third phase, the taluk hospitals, community health centres and primary health centres of the state. The drugs have adequately stocked in all the eight hospitals now and the doctors have been given necessary guidance in prescribing the generic drugs.The Kerala Medical Service Corporation Limited (KMSCL) has also supplied generic drugs for diabetes, blood pressure, and kidney disorder to all the primary and community health centres which will be supplied from November 1. This is to bring down the drug price for the lifestyle disorders. The KMSCL has supplied 81 varieties of antibiotics, 21 for respiratory disorder, 51 drugs for cardiac disorder, 59 for ENT, 20 varieties for gynaec related treatment, 55 drugs for mental illness have been supplied to these hospitals. The 107 varieties of cancer drugs supplied through Regional Cancer Centre, has been now made available in all the medical college hospitals and in Ernakulam general hospital.For the patients who have any complaints regarding the supply of generic drugs, in these eight hospitals special liaison officers have been deployed. The complaints would be redressed by a committee comprised by the doctors in the respective hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040043", "title": "Patrolling team foils temple burglary bid", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars made a bid to break in at another temple in Sultan Bazaar on Wednesday, but the timely arrival of a police patrolling team forced them to flee from the spot. Meanwhile, to put an end to the series of temple burglaries, the Hyderabad police have devised new 'temple patrolling strategy'.As part of the special patrolling duty, a two-member Sultan Bazar police crime team went to Ganesh temple in Qutbiguda at about 1.30am on Tuesday night. Just as constables were about to stop their bike at the temple, they noticed an auto speeding away from the spot towards Chaderghat.The patrolling team thought that the auto might be carrying passengers. A little later, they noticed that the temple door was open. On inspection, they discovered that the main entrance lock was broken and they immediately tried to locate the auto.\"The constables saw the auto crossing Chaderghat bridge. By the time they reached the spot, the vehicle disappeared into one of the lanes leading to Yakutpura or Dabeerpura,\" Sultan Bazar assistant commissioner of police (ACP), G Someshwar said. Several police teams then tried to locate the auto, but failed to zero in on it.In view of a series of burglaries at temples, police have come up with a new preventive strategy. Station house officers were asked to make a list of temples in their jurisdiction and then a special patrolling strategy was devised to monitor places of worship once every 30 minutes from 12am to 5am.Night patrolling teams, Blue Colts teams and crime party teams would be doing the rounds and night duty officers, including an inspector, ACP and a DCP would be monitoring patrolling in their respective jurisdiction. A point book has been placed at each temple and patrolling parties have to sign the book mentioning the time of their visit.In addition to this, police have asked temple managements to ensure that at least one person sleeps on the temple premises during night time. They have also advised the managements of popular temples to hire a watchman and install CCTV cameras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041320", "title": "Exit of Haldia Bulk Terminals: Negative vibes for Bengal, warn industrialists", "text": "KOLKATA: State industry bodies fear that the exit of Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT), a joint venture between the home-grown ABG and French LDA, on Wednesday could have a negative impact on Bengal's image.Kallol Datta, president, Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industry, termed the incident \"unfortunate\".\"Though it is a one-off incident, it is unfortunate and it will surely have a negative impact on West Bengal's image. The state government must look into roping in a big-ticket investment now,\" said Datta.He pointed out that Centre should have intervened in this matter and ABG should have negotiated with the state government before pulling out.MCC Chamber of Commerce president Deepak Jalan echoed Datta's thoughts as he said HBT's exit would dent the state's image. \"People are comparing it with Singur but this is not that big. Having said that, incidents like these do create negative vibes. Both the Centre and state should come together to solve this matter. We should not politicize it,\" he said.However, Ambarish Dasgupta, vice-president of the chamber and ED &amp; regional managing partner of PwC India, said HBT's pullout may not have an immediate impact if the loading and unloading process continues at Haldia port.But Ashok Aikat, president of Bharat Chamber of Commerce, feels that ABG's exit was unavoidable.\"The situation is still not clear but I don't think it will have a long term effect on the state's image. Anyway, the firm was cash strapped so this exit was on the cards,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041474", "title": "Maoists blame Tritiya Sammelan Prastuti committee for 'ceasefire' violation", "text": "RANCHI: The CPI (Maoist) has criticized its breakaway faction Tritiya Sammelan Prastuti committee (TPC) for violating \"ceasefire\" norms and for frequently attacking its cadres and their family members.Spokesperson for the Bihar-Jharkhand North Chhatisgarh frontier regional committee of the Maoist, Manas, said despite responding to their call for \"unilateral ceasefire\", the TPC has been attacking their cadres and their family members almost regularly. Citing the incident of Chilbilia village in Manatu of Palamu district in which nine Maoists were picked up by armed TPC rebels on Tuesday night, Manas said it was a case of abduction which was later portrayed as \"willful surrender\" of the Maoists to join the TPC fold. \"Although we have concrete information that nine people were attacked and abducted while they were sleeping on that night, the TPC leaders presented them in front of local media saying that they (the nine) had come to join their outfit,\" Manas said questioning that in case they were joining the TPC what was the need of keeping them blind-fold and handcuffed before presenting them to media?Recalling another incident of attack by TPC members on Maoist cadres at Mahur village in Japla of Palamu district on the same night, Manas said the Maoists returned firing in self-defence and left the place instead of participating in the gun battle. \"After receiving positive response to the ceasefire call on September 26 from TPC Bihar Jharkhand regional committee we, are abiding by the terms of ceasefire which includes no first attack policy,\" he said.The Maoists had extended a call for unilateral ceasefire with the splinter groups on June 26 for three months. The call was responded by the TPC.The spokesperson claimed that the TPC was being backed by police saying that without support of the security forces, the TPC would not have dared to attack in Japla or abduct Maoist cadres in Manatu. \"We have information that the TPC is using sophisticated arms usually used by the security forces whereas they have not engaged in any fight with the security forces recently so that they can snatch such arms from the forces. Even if we accept that the Maoist cadres surrendered, the TPC should not have accepted them because in the terms of ceasefire it was stated that neither side would admit armed or unarmed members.\"Jharkhand police spokesman S N Pradhan rubbished the claims of Maoists. about extending support to the rival rebel group.\"We have been targeting TPC, PLFI and all splinter groups as a result of which cadres have not only been arrested but have also been neutralized in course of anti-rebel operations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "why is it so hard to fix the garbage problem? there are many answers, but one stands out", "code": "17041943", "title": "Make data public, cut expenses", "text": "Why is it so hard to fix the garbage problem? There are many answers, but one stands out: most BBMP data is either not reliable, or almost certainly fudged. The solution, therefore, is within the problem. Make data public, and let policy be driven by it, with a clear focus on reducing waste sent to landfills.It's important to understand that the current system runs entirely on bad data, and deliberately so. Consider a few things, all easily verifiable.BBMP says close to 5,000 tonnes of garbage are generated daily. But no one has seen a breakdown of this number. All calculations by solid waste management activists suggest this number is an over-estimate , and the actual figure is closer to 3,500 tonnes. But since contractors are paid by the tonne, there's very little incentive to document the correct figure.Moreover, recent successes from recycling communities suggest that 1,200 tonnes of the 3,500 tonnes can be diverted from landfills and b ro u g h t back into use immediately. But the contracting system resists this \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for the same reason.Did you know that BBMP has burned Rs 200 crore in the last 8-10 weeks - Rs 2.5 crore per week per zone approximately \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on a temporary, exigency arrangement to lift trash. The bottomline continues to be: BBMP wants a transport contract, and as long as this prevails, the city will continue to stink. We have to move to landfill avoidance and incentives for that. The same Rs 200 crore could have created all the sorting infrastructure we need throughout the city. No prizes for guessing why this isn't done.The obfuscation is everywhere. The tracking system for garbage trucks was launched with great fanfare a couple of years ago. A new system for documenting actual lifting of trash at secondary collection centres was launched in South Zone a few weeks ago. Despite several requests to open up the system so that citizens can track the work of contractors, BBMP hasn't done this.Everyone can see the solution \u00e2\u20ac\u201d we need a recyclefocused system that rewards residents for generating less waste, instead of the current landfilling system that rewards contractors for hauling more waste, including fictitious stuff. Plastic recycling for reuse, currently about 400 tonnes a day, can easily be upped to 1000 tonnes a day, according to the contractor himself. But BBMP officials have refused to allow this.Now we're seeing the squeeze on citizens. In many places, contractors are saying they won't lift wet waste alone; dry waste must also be given. Why? If dry waste is being recycled by the community, why should it be given to the trash hauler? Simple \u00e2\u20ac\u201d more tonnage, more money.The basic problem is with the contract. We need a new regime, which rewards reduction of waste, rather than paying more for hauling more.(The writer is an ABIDe member)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17042336", "title": "Thieves loot 2 cars, flee with cash, valuables", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two cases of car theft were reported from the city on Tuesday.In the first incident, police said, S Malarvizhi (44) TNAU professor, along with her husband, Sakthivel had gone to RS Puram in a car. They had parked their car on DB road. While Sakthivel went to a shop, Malarvizhi stayed in the car. A person approached Malarvizhi and told her that money had fallen on the ground from her husband's pocket. Malarvizhi got out of the car and tried taking the money from the ground. Meanwhile, another person opened the car door and took a bag containing Rs24,000, a mobile phone, ATM card and ID card. She lodged a complaint with RS Puram police, who registered the case and are investigating.In the second incident, GS Kumar, a realtor and a functionary of Pattali Makkal Katchi of Maniakaranpalayam in the city withdrew money from an ATM at Gandhipuram and went to Geetha Hall road near Coimbatore railway junction. He got down from the car. A person approached him and told that some money had fallen from his pant's pocket. As Kumar tried searching for the money, another person opened the car door and took a bag which contained Rs 12,000, seven cheque books, 10 ATM cards, stamp papers, driving licence. Kumar lodged a complaint with Race course police station and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17042193", "title": "87crore National Games kitty goes missing", "text": "PANAJI: Ever wondered why not even a single National Games project took off during the erstwhile Congress government?The planning commission has been allocating money to the state from October 6, 2010, but the state government instead of using the money to build infrastructure for the oft-postponed National Games, has diverted the money elsewhere, leaving the Manohar Parrikar-led-government with not even a penny to spend.\"As per records, the central government has provided additional central assistance to Goa, including soft loans, to the tune of 87 crore over the past three years. But this money is not to be found anywhere in the Sports Authority of Goa's accounts,\" a senior official from the sports department said.The central government had allocated 40 crore (2009-10), 35 crore ( 2010-11) and a soft loan of 12 crore for the past three years.The previous government is alleged to have usurped the money and used it for projects like roads andirrigation.\"When the central government transfers money to the state treasury it goes into a consolidated account. It was for the (then) government to transfer the money to SAG, but they kept the money in a common pool and used it for other purposes,\" the official said.The Centre\u00e2\u20ac\u201dlargely swayed by a promise made by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during his holiday here in December, 2007\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhad specifically allotted the finances for National Games and, according to guidelines, these funds could not be used for any other purpose.\"The total sanction is for Rs 260 crore but since we have not submitted a utility certificate for the previous funds that were transferred, those funds have been stuck. We are left with nothing now,\" the official said.If the funds were still available, sources said, the interest accrued on them could have been as high as Rs 16 crore for the past three years.As per previous assembly replies, the Congress government had drawn up plans to spend Rs 371.5 crore on building infrastructure for the National Games with contribution from the state as well as the centre.The estimated expenditure on development/creation of new sports infrastructure included: Pernem: Kabaddi (Rs 11 crore); Dhargal: Athletics (Rs 80 crore), hockey (Rs 18 crore), equestrian (Rs 7 crore), rifle shooting (Rs 24 crore), kho kho (Rs 2 crore), archery (Rs 1 crore), baseball (Rs 20 crore); Colvale: Canoeing, kayaking, rowing (Rs 9 crore); Peddem sports complex, Mapusa: boxing, judo, karate (Rs 12 crore); Nerul: cycling, skating (Rs 12 crore); Campal: aquatics, tennis, badminton, table tennis (Rs 60 crore); Caranzalem: Yachting, triathlon, beach volleyball (Rs 11.50 crore); Goa University: basketball, football (women), fencing (Rs 15 crore); Fatorda: football (men), taekwondo (Rs 41 crore); MCC Margao: Handball, gymnastics (Rs 22 crore); Shiroda: volleyball, bodybuilding (Rs 16 crore); Ponda: weightlifting, wrestling (Rs 10 crore).All the venues and estimates are now being reviewed with the consultants, Shashi Prabhu &amp; Associates, who have been asked to draw up fresh plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041383", "title": "Mamata govt \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcblocks\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 East-West Metro", "text": "KOLKATA: The ambitious Rs 4,874-crore East-West Metro has gone into a limbo because the Bengal government is yet to transfer its 50% equity in the company set up to implement the project to the railway ministry. The Kolkata Metro Railway Corporation Limited (KMRCL) was set up as a special purpose vehicle of the Bengal government and the Centre to implement the project.The Centre-nominated KMRCL director, S K Lohia, also a joint secretary in the Union ministry of urban development (MoUD), told TOI: \"The project is badly-hit because the outgoing project promoter (Bengal government) can no longer take decisions. Why don't you ask your state government why it is still holding back its shares? Why isn't the simple two-line letter required to transfer its shares in the company not being issued?\"While in UPA-II, Mamata Banerjee was desperate to transfer KMRCL to the railways as it would have shifted the burden of funding the project from her cash-strapped government. With the railways holding majority share in KMRCL (50% transferred by Bengal and 24% by the MoUD), the project would still be her baby while being 100% centrally-funded. But with Trinamool no longer a part of the ruling coalition, Bengal is sitting on the share transfer. As a result, work on the project has come to a halt.When contacted, transport minister Madan Mitra said, \"It's difficult to comment on the matter off-hand.\"Share transfer needs legal vetting: StateThe Union cabinet had approved the handover of the project on August 23 at the behest of Mamata, whose government would have got back the Rs 146.5 crore it had contributed and also been spared from coughing up the remaining Rs 554.5 crore.It was decided that the urban development ministry would retain 26% of its original 50% in KMRCL. The remaining 24% equity would be with the railways, whose share would go up 74%. Following the cabinet decision, the ministry gave up its 24%, but Bengal held on to its 50%.An extraordinary general meeting was called by the KMRCL board last month at which board members nominated by the Bengal government (MD B P Gopalika and director J K Saha) said that the state had made no formal communication to KMRCL regarding transfer of equity.This, despite a letter dated February 8, 2012, by Bengal based on the cabinet note by the railway ministry. The state-nominated members insisted that Bengal government's equity couldn't be transferred without the amendments to the Articles of Association.The Centre does not buy the logic. According to documents available with TOI, KMRCL chairman Sudhir Krishna notes, \"Chaotic system is prevailing ... The unprofessional approach by those who are not responsible has led to project timelines slipping badly.\" Another reads: \"The board should approve immediate transfer of 100% equity holding of Bengal governmentKMRCL director Lohia said, \"In Bengal's interest, the people concerned should act immediately. The East-West Metro is vital for Kolkata which has only 6 % road-space.\" Transport secretary and MD, KMRCL, B P Gopalika said, \"We are waiting for a letter from the railways.\"But documents prove that the railways had already sent the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17042250", "title": "290 undertrials shifted from Mangalore jail", "text": "MANGALORE: The department of prisons shifted 290 male undertrials lodged in the district jail to the new jail located some 75 metres away under tight police security on Wednesday. The move was in the offing ever since clashes among undertrials become frequent at the jail here over trivial issues and escalated over the issue of serving biryani to them on the occasion of Bakrid on Friday last. The new facility has been constructed at a cost of Rs 4 crore.MC Vishwanathaiah, deputy inspector general of police (prisons) oversaw the transfer of the undertrials under express instruction of KV Gagandeep, additional director general of police (prisons). Vishwanathaiah has been camping in the city since Saturday after he arrived from Mysore to take the stock of the situation following the clashes among sections of undertrials lodged in the old prison facility constructed by the British way back in 1938.Gagandeep fast tracked the move to shift undertrials to the new facility that has 12 barracks, six each in two wings. Small issues pertaining to providing lighting and water connection to the new facility was expedited to facilitate the transfer of under trials. The department will now submit a proposal to the public works department to repair and renovate the old facility and continue to use the old facility that is under their control, till further orders.Gagandeep told TOI the new facility in the heart of the city has better segregation facilities which can keep rival gangs at bay and also narrow down chances of clashes among them. The attachment posting of 15 trainee warders to the new facility and change of guard with appointment of Doddakamaiah as new jail chief in place of PS Ambekar, transferred to Udupi, too is expected to ensure better supervision of the undertrials here.The department is actively pursuing a proposal pending before the state government to set up a central prison on the outskirts of the city. \"We have identified about 67 acres of land near Konaje for a central prison,\" Gagandeep said, adding that once constructed, local convicts can be lodged there rather than send them to other central prisons across the state.The new prison facility here can lodge about 400 under trials, Vishwanathaiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039890", "title": "Exhibitors seek redress for going with Pawan film", "text": "HYDERABAD: The controversy over `Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu' is still brewing. First, the movie annoyed Telangana activists and was trimmed to appease them, now it is the turn of exhibitors (theatre owners) to breathe down the neck of the film's distributor in the Nizam territory `Dil' Raju.The film starring Pawan Kalyan has not had a great run at the box-office in Telangana region and the exhibitors are suffering losses. \"From the way the movie has been faring, eventually it will have to be removed from the theatres because of lack of patronage. Our assessment is that it will not bring in profits and the loss will have to be borne by either the distributor or the producer,\" said M Vijayender Reddy, president, Telangana Film Chamber of Commerce. In this case, at least Rs 1.5 crore will have to be compensated to exhibitors, a burden that may directly fall on the distributor Dil Raju.Film trade for big-budget films usually runs on what is called the share guarantee arrangement wherein the profits are shared on an agreed percentage by the producer, distributor and the exhibitor. With this arrangement, `Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu' will not generate any profit for theatre owners. Sources say that with the current state of business made by the movie, arrangement may boil down to the rent system wherein the theatre owner gets his fixed rent irrespective of how well or not the film fares.Sources stated that when a film is made and sold to the distributor or theatre owners, it is mandatory as a practice, for the producer, to inform them about the genre of the movie - social, family drama, fantasy or other. The producer has to inform the distributors and exhibitors if the movie has any political content. In the case of `Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu' no such niceties were followed. Since the trend is to simply grab a big-budget film starring a big hero, theatre owners played along the lines of their assumptions.When enraged Telangana activists entered the scene, the audience dipped in Telangana region because of its content. However, even after it was trimmed and the objectionable portions were cut, the audience still did not seem to be too interested in watching the movie. Some theatres, it is learnt, have already removed the movie. Film exhibitors will soon write to the producer of 'Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu', D V V Danayya, and the exhibitor Dil Raju to compensate them for the losses on account of screening `Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040707", "title": "Girl injured, 35 two-wheelers damaged in fire", "text": "PUNE: A five-year-old girl suffered minor burn injuries, and as many as 35 two-wheelers were badly damaged in a major fire that occurred in a two-storeyed residential building at Ganeshnagar in Talawade area of Pimpri Chinchwad city in the wee hours of Wednesday. However, there was no loss of life or any serious burn injuries.About 200 people residing in the building have been severely affected in the fire which started at around 1.30 am. Household items and belongings were damaged in the fire. Many used ropes or sarees to get down from the balconies of their flats as the staircase and the building was filled with smoke. People had a tough time getting down the staircase because of the flames emanating from the burning vehicles.The building - identified as Laxmi Complex - has some shops at the ground floor. A cracker shop is located in the building. While fire-brigade officials say that the fire could have started because of some miscreants who set the parked two-wheelers on fire, residents say the fire started at the cracker shop. The walls of many two-room tenements have blackened due to smoke.Kiran Gawde, fire officer, PCMC said, \"Five fire engines of PCMC's fire brigade rushed to the spot after being alerted about the fire by local residents at 1.45 am. A total of 30 firemen worked to extinguish the fire. We were able to bring the fire under control around 2.30 am. We rescued 35 people with the help of ropes and ladders.\"The two storied building is located at Ganeshnagar Chowk on Talawade Road. It has a row of 18 shops on the ground floor facing the road. These shops include small eateries, a welding workshop and a rented fire cracker shop. Two rows of flats separated by a narrow lobby on the first and second floors are occupied by the residents.There are 37 flats in the building and which has a winding staircase located in the middle.the parking of two-wheelers on the ground floor leaves a narrow space for movement of people.Some people who tried to take the support of the iron railing on the staircase while climbing down suffered burn injuries as the railing became too hot due to the flames. An excavator was brought around 2.30 am to break the shutter of the fire cracker shop. The fire in the shop was extinguished by pouring water on it. Residents said a five-year-old girl Sanjeevani Choudhary was injured in the incident.The main doors of the flats on the first floor got burnt, while the glass window panes cracked due to the heat from the fire and the electrical fittings in the lobby got burnt. The second floor also met the same fate. The household appliances in the flats on the second floor too were badly damaged.Pradeep Bhosale, a middle-aged resident who lives on the second floor of the building said, \"The fire has ruined the lives of people in the building. The fire started on the ground floor in the fire cracker shop and spread out to the vehicles parked in the lobby. The thick smoke and the noise of fire crackers woke us up around 1.30am. I could see the thick smoke along with flames spreading from the ground floor to our second floor. So our family preferred not to come down and rushed to the balcony for fresh air. I phoned Dhananjay Bhalekar, member of municipal school board who lives in the adjacent bungalow. He called the fire brigade.\"Some people who realized that a major fire had occurred, alerted the other residents to come out. However, the residents staying in the flat thought that people knocking at the doors were thieves. They had to be convinced that there was a fire on the ground floor and flames and smoke are spreading fast so they need to rush out of the building to save their lives.Bhimraj Kakade, another resident said, \"I woke up due to the noise of fire crackers. I rushed downstairs and moved away three CNG powered cars away from the building.\"Gauri Bhosale who lives on the first floor said, \"The fire crackers noise and people's cries woke us up. We tried to get out of the house and opened the door but immediately shut it when we saw thick smoke and flames coming at us. Along with my husband and three-year-old girl we rushed to the balcony. We came down using sarees and ropes.\"Kids thrown from the first and second floors; caught belowResidents in the Laxmi complex where the fire took place said some parents threw their kids from the first and second floors and they were caught by residents waiting on the ground floor. Gauri Bhosale said, \"People tried various ways to save themselves from the major fire. A five-year-old girl Jaini Parab was thrown from the second floor by her parents and luckily, people below caught her just in time. Few other parents too threw their small kids from the first and second floors and they were caught by the residents who were waiting on the ground.\"The residents said they had a horrifying experience and are thankful to God that all the residents have survived even if household goods of every family have been burnt in the major fire. \"We can purchase new goods but cannot bring back the dead to life\", said a resident. In the afternoon, many were seen scrubbing the outside walls of the flats in the lobby which has been blackened by smoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mamallapuram", "code": "17041968", "title": "Ground zero Mamallapuram weathers storm", "text": "MAMALLAPURAM: While Chennai's disaster managers stood on alert to deal with cyclone Nilam, Mamallapuram, 50km south of the capital, received the eye of the cyclone in the evening.Nilam made landfall after 4pm at the ancient Pallava town which escaped the nature's wrath as the cyclone petered out soon. There were no police on the beach by the Shore temple, just some youngsters and a handful of tourists who braved the weather to watch the tumultuous sea and feel the raging storm on their faces.The town, however, wore a glum look as most of the tourists preferred to stay in the comfort of their cozy hotels and guest houses. Much before the cyclone crossed the coast, Mamallapuram roads were littered with foliage of trees. Around 4pm, the grey sky suddenly turned overcast and darkness fell within minutes. As it finally hit the town, wind with speeds reaching up to 45kmph, threatened to snap power cables. Vehicles were few on the slippery roads.People with raincoats had a tough time even walking as the wind pushed them back and brought with it showers of sand from the beach. Some managed to click photographs. The braver ones climbed atop a bamboo platform to have a bird's eye view of the turbulent sea. Waves painted the rocks with foam as the magnificent Shore Temple stood majestically as trees fell.Most of the shops barring a few eateries had downed their shutters. The town had been without power since afternoon. A group of policemen led by a deputy superintendent patrolled the town. Rajesh, a vendor from Jhansi, was selling boiled peanuts on the road leading to the beach. \"Business has been bad since morning. If it rains, I will have to throw away the items. Even if I earn Rs 100 today, I will go home a happy person.\" It did not rain much in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam/nellore", "code": "17039816", "title": "Cyclone Nilam spares Andhra Pradesh, lashes Tamil Nadu coast", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM/NELLORE: Sparing Andhra Pradesh the blushes, the menacing cyclonic storm Nilam moved north-northwestwards and crossed the Tamil Nadu coast on Wednesday evening. Though it was expected to weaken and turn into a depression around 5.30 am on Thursday, the landfall between Mahabalipuram and Kalpakkam, in TN however, brought heavy rains to coastal districts in AP. Three persons died in rain-related incidents.Heavy downpour lashed Nellore, Prakasam, Guntur, Krishna and Visakhapatnam districts while strong winds battered the coast. An Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) official said the cyclone started crossing the coast around 4.45 pm. \"It took two hours to cross the coast, but till 5.30 pm Nilam remained as a cyclonic storm,\" he said. Around 11.30 pm, it weakened and turned into a deep depression.The sea turned rough at several places with tidal waves lashing the coast in Nellore and Prakasam district. Sea water came up to 100-150 metres from the shoreline in some fishermen villages. The Met office warned fishermen against venturing out into the sea as isolated heavy to very heavy rains are likely to occur all along the coast in the next 24 hours.Roads and low-lying areas were inundated in Nellore, Gudur, Sullurpet, Srikalahasti, Nagari, Putturu, Singarayakonda, Kothapalem towns. Heavy rains battered Tada, Gudur, Sullurpet, Naidupet mandals in Nellore, Singarayakonda, Tangutur, Ulavapadu, Kothapatnam mandals in Prakasam and Tirupati, Kalahasti, Kuppam, Varadaiahpalem in Chittoor district. Pellakur mandal recorded the highest rainfall with 15 cm, while several other towns recorded rainfall in excess of 10 cm.Warning signals were put out at Machilipatnam, Krishnapatnam, Nizampatnam and Vadarevu ports. Gale winds with speeds reaching up to 55-65 kmph and gusting up to 75 kmph hit the coast. While some thatched roofs and huts suffered damage, there was minimum damage to power and communication lines. Some large avenue trees were uprooted. Trees were uprooted and thatched houses were damaged in fishermen's villages of Ramatheertham and Vakadu in Nellore.Two fishermen were swept away in the swirling waters near Pulicat lake in Nellore district. Ranjith and Kumar ventured into the waters in the morning despite the cyclone warning and made a distress call to their families. They told their family members that their boat had overturned in the deep waters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041862", "title": "Weather bloggers stay up all night to chase the cyclone", "text": "CHENNAI: For the past fortnight , a small, tightly-knit community has been excitedly tracking the storm that was gathering force over the Bay of Bengal . Chennai's weather bloggers, who use data from the internet as well as their own automated weather stations , have been busy posting updates and telling friends and families about the movement of the weather system which grew into Cyclone Nilam that crossed the Tamil Nadu coast near Chennai on Wednesday evening.\"I didn't sleep on Tuesday night. I was tracking Nilam's progress every half an hour,\" said R Pradeep John, who has been tracking the weather as an amateur meteorologist since he watched a cyclone near Muttukadu in 1994. He and his fellow bloggers on keaweather , which was started by Ehsan Ahmed in 2008, have been chasing the system since it entered the Malay Sea as an area of low pressure.\"I just love the weather and rain gives me such joy. It was especially exciting to see this storm moving south towards Sri Lanka because there was a high pressure ridge near Chennai. Once that ridge dissipated , it started moving north,\" said John, deputy manager, projects, at Tamilnadu Urban Infrastructure Financial Services. About 15 people in Chennai update this community blog that has 500 followers. They also have a busy Twitter feed and a Facebook page that puts out warnings and precautions.CA student Karthik Raghavan , 18, is disappointed that Nilam didn't bring as much rain as they expected. \"There's been a lot of rain in Vellore, Nagapattinam and even inland areas but not so much in Chennai . Maybe tonight there will be rain,\" he said. Raghavan has been blogging since 2009 when he was in class 10. Until he discovered \"other weather freaks\" , Raghavan got information out of his geography textbook and by watching the skies. \"I've begun understanding the terminology better because of this group,\" he said.John's colleagues often ask him for predictions or to explain terms. \"When it's raining people are always interested . Sunny weather can be so boring,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17042213", "title": "'CM must clear 46cr loan before buying new buses'", "text": "PANAJI: The All-Goa Private Bus Owners' Association (AGPBOA) has demanded that the government should clear the existing loans given by the Goa State Cooperative Bank to the Kadamba Transport Corporation before it buys new buses.Criticizing chief minister Manohar Parrikar for burdening the bank with such a big loan during his earlier tenure as the chief minister, AGPBOA general secretary Sudip Tamankar said that Parrikar should ensure that the government first clears the loan which now stands at 46 crore before purchasing any new buses.Tamankar also said the government should not proceed with any traffic master plan for Panaji without taking the city bus owners into confidence. Stating that bus owners are facing difficulties and that their business has been affected following the reduction in VAT on petrol which had resulted in a decrease in the number of bus passengers. He also alleged that the government was harassing private bus owners by sending them labour-related notices.He said if the government implements any such plan that will affect the bus owners, they will be forced to agitate. He demanded that the government probe the incident where two buses caught fire at the Panaji bus stand and said that the bus owners should be compensated by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "17040168", "title": "Canacona Municipal Council issues notice to Karnataka mininter for CRZ violation", "text": "CANACONA: Acting on a complaint of illegal construction within the CRZ area at Patnem, the Canacona Municipal Council (CMC) chief officer, Prashant Shirodkar, served a notice to Karnataka's minister for fisheries, science and technology Anand Asnotikar asking him to show cause why some structures in his property in Patnem should not be demolished.The complaint was lodged by Escolanta Ferrao from Patnem on October 19 and 21 along with pictures of the constructions. She asked the chief officer to take action against the construction adjoining his property surveyed under No. 36/8 and 36/9 of Nagarcem-Palolem, which has been purchased by Asnotikar of Karwar. Asnotikar is the son-in-law of former Goa fisheries minister Sanjay Bandekar.Shirodkar confirmed to TOI that a show-cause notice has been issued to Asnotikar in connection with the construction of a compound wall, room, around 17 platforms and for allegedly blocking access.CMC engineer Ajay Fal inspected the site along with supervisor D Kanayaand, municipality inspector D Yesso and others and noted that a compound wall, 17 platforms and a room were illegally constructed at the site. Fal said that the structures are very close to Patnem beach and questions are being raised on whether they conform to CRZ rules and regulations.In the show-cause notice, Shirodkar has directed that Asnotikar stop further construction at the site, saying that the structures have been built without prior permission required under the Goa Municipality Act, 1968.Shirodkar has also directed Asnotikar to stop any illegal construction forthwith and has directed him to be present in person or through a duly authorized agent on November 7, to show cause why action to demolish the illegal construction/extension should not be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040460", "title": "29 new dengue cases in Pune", "text": "PUNE: As many as 29 new cases of dengue were reported in the city on Wednesday. This is the first time that such a high number of dengue fever cases were reported on a single day. Barring one, all the 28 patients are from the city, Pune Municipal Corporation officials said. A health official also confirmed one more death due to dengue, which occurred last week.A 52-year-old man, Laxman Yashwant Jadhav, from Kothrud, died at the Sassoon general hospital on October 24. \"Jadhav died due to complications,\" S T Pardeshi, head of health department, said. Jadhav had fever when he was admitted to the Sassoon hospital on October 21. Besides, he also had deranged liver functions and had acute respiratory distress syndrome, he added.This is the fourth death due to dengue in the Pune municipal limits this year. All the four deaths occurred in October. The city reported a total of 469 dengue cases between January and October this year. Among them, 275 cases were recorded in October alone. Sixty per cent of the cases were detected due spot tests/ rapid kit tests. However, PMC officials doubt the efficacy of the spot tests.Of the three dengue deaths recorded by private hospitals earlier this month, two patients were from Sinhagad Road and Kothrud, while the third was from Sangli, who had come to the city for treatment.The outbreak of dengue is not restricted to Pune and Mumbai. Several cases have been reported from other parts of the state too. Dengue has claimed 38 people in the state so far this year. State public health officials said this year's toll is the highest since 2006, when 26 people had died.In 2006, there were 737 positive cases in the state as against 1,086 in 2012. The state health department has convened a meeting on Tuesday to discuss the issue. Officials said dengue was no longer concentrated in urban areas, but was spreading in Maharashtra's heartland as well.Public health minister Suresh Shetty said, \"The health department officials are monitoring the situation. Instructions have been issued to take preventive measures. In fact, a meeting has been called on Tuesday to review the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040187", "title": "6% DA hike for state govt staff", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what could be sweet news for about 10 lakh state government employees and 5.5 lakh pensioners, the government has agreed for 6 per cent hike in dearness allowance for them with effect from July.\"This would result in an additional financial burden of nearly Rs 1,100 crore to the government,\" said sources in the finance department. The government would pay the increased DA along with the November month's salary.Arrears for July, August, September and October months would be credited to the employees' general provident fund account.\"Though the burden is huge for the state exchequer, we cannot postpone it any further as the Centre has already announced a hike in the DA and is implementing the same,\" said a senior official. In June, the state government had increased the DA from 35.9 per cent to 41.94 per cent. The finance department has sent a file regarding the same to the chief secretary who will get a formal approval from the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040161", "title": "SC relief for BJP leader in Rajasthan in fake encounter", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP legislator and the party's chief whip in Rajasthan assembly Rajendra Singh Rathore got interim reprieve from being arrested in the six-year-old Dara Singh fake encounter case as the Supreme Court on Wednesday stayed the high court order quashing his discharge.A bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir, S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar gave the CBI three weeks to respond to Rathore's petition challenging the HC's October 26 order reversing a trial court decision to discharge him on the ground that there was no reliable evidence to link the former minister to the fake encounter.Rathore's counsel, senior advocate Ram Jethmalani, began arguments in his characteristic dramatic fashion and said, \"The case relates to a fake encounter of a great dacoit Dara Singh in 2006 in which the CBI had lodged the FIR in 2010 and after a long investigation, filed a charge-sheet against 16 persons without naming Rathore.\"But then, political considerations crept in. The CBI referred the evidence to the attorney general for opinion. The AG said no case was made out on the basis of evidence. Yet, on political compulsions, the CBI filed the charge-sheet without gathering any additional evidence to link Rathore to the encounter conspiracy.\"Attorney general G E Vahanvati had agreed with the CBI director and special director that there was need for further investigation to get credible evidence against Rathore before naming him in the charge-sheet. The CBI had later filed a supplementary charge-sheet naming the former minister after getting hold of the telephone conversation between him and a police official involved in the encounter killing.Jethmalani said the state police had announced a reward on Dara Singh's head on October 18, 2006 and the fugitive was killed on October 23 while the purported telephone conversations between then minister Rathore and the accused police officials were on October 4 and 5 and then on October 15 and 19.He said, \"No one knows the content of the conversations. Yet, the CBI on surmises and conjectures decided to charge-sheet Rathore. This is untenable under the Criminal Procedure Code which mandates that no person would be tried unless the prosecution presented prima facie evidence capable of resulting in conviction.\"Though the bench initially said it would be better if the strength of the evidence was tested during the trial, it decided to hear Rathore's appeal saying it raised a substantial question of law.The HC had reversed the Jaipur trial court's May 31 order discharging Rathore on revision petitions filed by the CBI and Sushila Devi, widow of Dara Singh. Part of the liquor mafia, Dara Singh was killed in an alleged fake encounter in 2006. Rathore was then a minister in the Vasundhara Raje government.In its judgment, the HC said, \"The circumstantial evidence, oral and documentary, collected during investigation prima facie elicited that respondent (Rathore) had engineered a criminal conspiracy with a motive to manage fake encounter of Dara Singh, but ignoring circumstantial connecting evidence at the stage of framing of the charge, the court of session exceeded its jurisdiction while passing the order for discharging Rathore.\"According to the CBI, Dara Singh was allegedly detained illegally by officials of a Special Operations Group, who took him to an isolated place near Amber on the outskirts of Jaipur and killed him. Rathore, who was the parliamentary affairs minister at the time of the incident, was arrested on April 5 for his alleged role in the fake encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040468", "title": "Rare surgery at private hospital gives cancer patient new hope", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 38-year-old man suffering from multiple myeloma, a type of blood cancer, underwent a successful dual bone marrow transplant (BMT) at a private hospital here recently. Doctors claim it is a rare procedure used when medication can no longer control the disease.\"Tandem (dual) BMT is a situation where two bone marrow transplants are done in quick succession. It is challenging because heavy doses of chemotherapy are used to eradicate the disease during BMT. After the first BMT, stem cell quality is seriously and adversely affected. Thus, we have to collect the stem cells for second BMT in the first go itself and store it at subzero temperatures (cryopreservation) to preserve their functions,\" said Dr Rahul Naithani, consultant in charge of bone marrow transplant program at Max hospital Saket, where the procedure was conducted recently.\"At the same time we have to control the patient's toxic levels as the patient is recovering from effects of the first BMT and needs to be given heavy doses of chemotherapy before the second BMT. This fine balancing act is not an easy one,\" added Naithani.He said the patient who underwent the procedure was diagnosed with multiple myeloma (blood cancer) in October 2011. \"He received chemotherapy with best medicines for six months but his body did not respond to the treatment whatsoever. Then his medicines were changed but he could not tolerate them either,\" he said.\"The doctors at the centre where the patient was being treated before had said that he may not survive beyond four to six weeks. But after the treatment, he has recovered well,\" the doctor added.Tandem BMT has also been performed at some other centers in the country including Christian Medical College in Vellore and Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai. Health experts say that dual transplant costs more and its efficacy to improve the quality of patient's life is still being studied.\"Survival of people with multiple myeloma depends on the stage of the disease and the patient's age. In young patients, the disease is aggressive,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039839", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSetting\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 makes entry into political lexicon", "text": "NEW DELHI: While disrupting everyday politics, anti-graft campaigner Arvind Kejriwal has also brought the colloquial and flexible expression 'setting' out of casual conversations and turned it into a new entrant in the ever-evolving political lexicon of Hindi heartland.\" Setting ho gayi? \" could have been and has been asked in such varying situations earlier, but Kejriwal has ensured that the usage will now fit perfectly to describe any hint of political collusion between two politicians or a politician and a businessman.In his third 'expose' on Wednesday, Kejriwal gave further currency to the word, alleging collusion between Congress and BJP in helping industry captains. Earlier, too, he had used it to abuse the alleged cozy relationship between Salman Khurshid and UP CM, Akhilesh Yadav.Some suggest that Kejriwal has ensured that the nature of politics will not be the same anymore. There might be others disputing the durability of the anti-corruption crusader's impact on Indian polity, but there is no challenge to his contribution to the colourful range of words that legitimately and easily capture the illegitimate nexus among politicians, industrialists and bureaucracy.\" Setting ho gayi, \" is a term often heard in schools, colleges as well as in corridors of power in the Hindi heartland. It suggests someone has been fixed or an arrangement has been reached - the understanding usually being not so above-board. \"Set kar diya\" can mean both - browbeating someone into agreeing or effectively convincing someone to toe a line.'Setting' used as part of the colloquial vocabulary has always carried a whiff of striking a 'deal' that is not so kosher, though nervous-inside and excited-upfront young men have often used the expression in ecstatically to claim victory on romantic fronts.But if Kejriwal continues to be on course with his exposes - three riveting ones under his belt already - people would find themselves a bit squeamish while using 'settling the matter' with a babu that connotes flouting rules. Or, perhaps the public at large would feel a greater moral justification in doing their own 'setting' considering everyone at the helm of Indian politics, as Kejriwal has shown, is less into politics and more into cutting a deal for windfall gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17041195", "title": "Dharna over Shivkar lignite project", "text": "JAISALMER: Protesting land acquisition for Shivkar lignite project, the dharna, under the banner of legal mitra, continued on Tuesday as well to garner support from the farmers of affected villages. Cattle raisers along with thousands of sheep, goats, etc., went to the collectorate and gheraoed it. The district administration along with the police had a tough time persuading the farmers to end the dharna.The state government is acquiring around 12,000 bighas of land at a distance of 20km from Barmer which has affected nearly 15,000 cattle since the area is their grazing ground apart from affecting thousands of farmers.Herds of cattle along with farmers reached collectorate on Monday morning but due to intervention by police and administration, the rally was stopped in the tracks.According to the dharna convener and legal secretary Mitra Sanstha Ritesh Sharma, if the state government does not cancel its order to acquire land, then the agitation would be intensified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17040129", "title": "Teacher dies in Farmagudi tragedy", "text": "PONDA: A 27-year-old lady lecturer, Pratiksha Shamba Dessai, was killed and 28 others were injured in a collision between a passenger bus and a tanker at Konem-Priol in Ponda on Wednesday afternoon.Among the 28 injured persons, 13 were admitted to Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim, and one has been sent to Hospicio hospital, Margao. One passenger Rajesh, who was rushed to GMC, is believed to be in a critical condition with head injuries.Quoting eye-witnesses, police said that the private passenger bus, which was travelling at great speeds towards Ponda from Panaji , collided head-on with the on-coming diesel-carrying-tanker at Konem-Priol, near the Farmagudi police out post.After the collision , the tanker driver swerved the vehicle towards the right only to be hit on the rear by the bus. The tanker then fell in the 50-metre-deep valley of the Konem hillock. The impact of the crash was such that the bus and the tanker were badly damaged.The deceased Pratiksha Shamba Dessai, a resident of Talaulim-Ponda and a lecturer at Dempo college in Panaji, was severely injured after she was flung out of the bus. She was rushed to the GMC in a critical condition and succumbed to injuries on the way to the hospital.The driver of the bus Sayyad Jamasaab Nadaf, a resident of Bhoma was rushed to the GMC with fractures to his leg.Ramkumar Kharwon, a resident of Cuncoliem, has suffered a fracture to his hand.The driver of the tanker Vishnu Khodginkar, 49, a resident of Piligao-Bicholim, and cleaner Murli Talker, 42, a resident of Mayem-Bicholim, had a miraculous escape with injuries.Police also informed that the fire-brigade were pressed into service to prevent the tanker from bursting and catching fire. The fire brigade personnel sprayed foam and the diesel was being pumped out from the vehicle till late evening.Ponda police informed that the police are in the process of recording statements of eye-witnesses and will be registering cases against the drivers of the two vehicles. No case was registered until late Wednesday evening.The accident paralyzed traffic along the Ponda-Panaji route for several hours. Transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar and deputy superintendent of police Dinraj Govekar rushed to GMC to take stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji/keri", "code": "17039967", "title": "Pro, anti-mining parties petition CEC", "text": "PANAJI/KERI: Ruling party representatives along with their alliance partner MGP on Wednesday made an impassionate plea to Supreme Court appointed central empowered committee chairman P V Jayakrishnan to restart legal mining in the state.Making a case for resumption of mining, BJP and MGP leaders submitted a memorandum expressing its \"serious concern over the present ban\" imposed by the Supreme Court.\"In the interest of the common good and society at large, the MGP urges the CEC to recommend to the SC to amend the order so as to allow the resumption of legal mining operations in Goa,\" MGP general secretary Lavoo Mamledar said in the memorandum. BJP MLAs Pramod Sawant and Subhash Phaldesai, who met the CEC, told TOI how they tried to explain to the CEC how people are affected due to the sudden closure of mines and how many people are dependent on mining.Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, Fatorda independent MLA Vijay Sardesai, mining activist Ramesh Gawas and other NGOs also made representations to the CEC.While Gawas submitted a comprehensive understanding of mining to the CEC, Sardesai said that mining should restart only after the mining policy is approved by the government.The CEC team, which left for Delhi on Wednesday to prepare its report and submit it to the Supreme Court., also heard the pleas of mining-affected villagers from various parts of Goa.The mining-affected farmers from Advoi in Sattari brought to the CEC's notice the \"illegalities being committed by mines for the last several years by dumping waste 5 to 6km away from the mining lease area in Vaghure and Codiem of Sattari\". Anand Sawaikar and others, in their memorandum, said, \"The Advoi nallah is diverted to dump mining rejects and to create settling ponds, silting ponds, checks dams, filter beds. Masonry construction is also being done by the company in the original bed of the rivulet.\"Vijaykumar Desai from Advoi said, \"The mining lease of 62ha uses 170ha of land outside the mining lease to dump waste. The height of the already established dump in Vaghure is approximately 80 to 90m and has a length of about 2km. The dump has ben established without the required permissions.\"Hanumant Parab from Pissurle, Sattari, pleaded with the committee that no new mines be allowed to operate in the village as all the existing ones have caused irreparable and irreversible damage to the environment, ecology, bio-diversity and agricultural and horticultural fields.Ravi Zalmi from Pilgao, Bicholim, said to the CEC, \"The mining in our area has destroyed our source of livelihood and made our life uneasy by creating innumerable problems of air, water and noise pollution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041156", "title": "Blame game begins over procured rotten wheat", "text": "JAIPUR: Blame game has begun over the procurement of 2,500 metric tonnes of rotten wheat which was brought from Punjab to Kanakpura railway station two days ago. Officials of Food Corporation of India passed the buck on the food supplies department.Even governor Margaret Alva has sought information on the 'rotten episode' from the state government, but the FCI officials were tight-lipped over the issue.Nearly 2,500 metric tonnes of wheat transported in 40 wagons was to be distributed among BPL families through the Public Distribution System.The wheat was declared unfit for consumption by the district food supplies officer who warned the FCI to remove the rotten sacks to avoid any disease. The entire episode raises the question as to why was the rotten wheat allowed to be procured from Punjab?TOI tried to contact BB Singh, deputy general manager and Gurmeet Singh , another official of FCI, but both refused to comment saying 'we are not authorized to speak'Kavita Srivastava, a social activist advocating Right to Food bill, has criticized the procurement of rotten foodgrains. She raised a question as to why procurement is continuous while distribution is occasional. \"It is sad to hear that FCI procured rotten wheat for consumption of BPL families. The case requires thorough probe and concerned officials should be kept out of the corporation till the probe is completed,\" added Srivastava.A clerk pleading anonymity said that rotten food grains are meant to be disposed of. He suspected that rotten grains were sent here and actual grains must have been sold in the market. The consultative committee members have also demanded a probe in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17041931", "title": "MLA Suresh Gouda quits", "text": "HUBLI: In another setback to the ruling BJP, Suresh Gouda Patil, who represents Bydagi constituency resigned from the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday citing personal reasons.However, his resignation was not accepted by Speaker KG Bopaiah, who said it was not submitted in proper format. Party sources said Gouda chose to resign as he was upset with his party men for not supporting his candidate Jagadish Yettinmani, who recently lost the election to the president post of Kerudi gram panchayat. However, sources close to him said, Gouda, a prominent chilli merchant in Bydagi, resigned to rejoin Congress where he had served for nearly 30 years before he joined BJP in the last Assembly elections in 2008.While he was in Congress, Gouda enjoyed the backing of senior Congressman S M Krishna. He became president of city municipal in Bydagi when Krishna was the chief minister. He was sidelined in Congress after the high command made Krishna the governor of Maharashtra. Fed up with internal squabbles and denial of ticket in Congress, Gouda joined BJP to contest election from Haveri in 2008 and won by a good margin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bomdila", "code": "17039530", "title": "India lost war with China but won Arunachal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s heart", "text": "BOMDILA: Writers and historians say India lost the 1962 Sino-Indian War to the invading Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) in the erstwhile North Eastern Frontier Agency (Nefa), now Arunachal Pradesh. But, not many people are aware that despite the defeat, Indian nationalism in the form of Hindi won a long-drawn war of language crisis in the state.\"Hum Chini ke haath ladai to haar gaye, lekin Hindustan ke liye jung jeete the. (We lost the war in the hands of the Chinese, but we won it for India),\" says 47-year-old Tsering Wange, adviser of Arunachal Pradesh Tour Operators Association, in Bomdila, which was the headquarters of Kameng sector during the war.Born after the 1962 war, Wange, who's a new generation entrepreneur, feels the war was in fact a blessing in disguise for the various Arunachali tribes who hardly understood each other before 1962.With an area of 83,743 sq km and a population of 13.82 lakh as per the 2011 census, Arunachal Pradesh is inhabited by 26 major tribes and over 100 sub-tribes.The war changed the course of India's history and, eventually, Arunachal Pradesh was born. As on today, Indian nationalism runs high among the people of Arunachal in the entire trouble-torn northeast.Before the war, Arunachal tribes would learn Assamese in order to be able to communicate with each other and to carry out trade with the people of the Brahmaputra valley. But as New Delhi troops were pumped into Nefa, the locals had to learn Hindi to interact with the soldiers of the Indian Army and the Border Road Task Force (BRTF) employees, who were mainly from the Hindi heartland, explains 63-year-old Dorjee Tsering, who runs a private school called Guru Padma Sambhava Memorial School, at Bomdila.As the Army did not have porters during the war, they took the help of tribal villagers to carry food and ammunition. Soon, the tribals started picking up Hindi from them. The administrative officers and teachers who first landed in Nefa were also from Hindi-speaking states and this led to Arunachal residents adopting Hindi as their second language.At present, Hindi has become the lingua-franca of several Arunachal tribes. The debates in the Arunachal Pradesh assembly take place in Hindi. Arunachal is the only state outside the country's Hindi heartland to use the language in the assembly.\"We are proud that the people of Arunachal speak better Hindi than any other non-Hindi speaking state in the south, east or northeast. People from the state can communicate better than other northeast natives when they travel to Delhi, Mumbai and other northern states,\" says Lhakpa Tsering, a border roads contractor from Dirang village.The 39-year-old Lhakpa, a Monpa tribal, said the older generation of Arunachal natives, before the 1962 war, was better versed with Assamese. But the post-1962 generation prefers Hindi to Assamese. \"I speak in Hindi when I interact with my friends from other Arunachal tribes,\" he adds.D K Thongdok, a former minister and author of the book 'War on Buddha, a book on Chinese Aggression, 1962', informs that the war led to the birth of Arunachal Pradesh in 1972, with the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi making it a Union territory. Arunachal attained statehood later, in 1987, when Rajiv Gandhi was the Prime Minister.\"The war brought all the different tribes of Nefa together and the sufferings experienced by the civilians during the war led to resentment among people against Chinese. Indian nationalism ran high among the tribals, uniting them. People saw how the Indian jawans fought the war bravely, but got defeated. The villagers carried the dead soldiers for cremation on their backs,\" elaborates Thongdok, who was then a 13-year-old boy.According to Thongdok, Nefa was under the external affairs ministry and was almost like a buffer zone between China and India. The tribes inhabiting the Himalayan hilly tracts hardly knew each other's languages and dialects. They only interacted with the Assamese people in the Brahmaputra plains.\"A common language was required for the tribes to speak to each other and it was Hindi which ultimately got that coveted place. In the state assembly, we conduct our debates in Hindi as English-educated MLAs are few in number and all of them know Hindi,\" he added.Thus, Hindi won the hearts of the Arunachal tribes after the war and instilled a spirit of Indian nationalism in the psyche of the people. The language became a binding force for the different tribes, concludes Thongdok, who belongs to Sertukpen tribe of Rupa village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041471", "title": "Rotation row: JMM, BJP tiff for power", "text": "RANCHI: Even as the BJP is not ready to accept that there was a 28-month power-sharing agreement with the ally Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), but the Shibu Soren's party is adamant and wants a change of guard on expiry of the terms.Without mincing words, JMM chief Soren has demanded a change of guard at the end of 28-month tenure of Arjun Munda ending in January. \"There was an agreement between the BJP and the JMM and it should be honoured. The BJP should pave way for change of guard according to the agreement,\" Soren said on Wednesday.Surprisingly, it was for the first time since formation of Jharkhand in November 200, Soren did not put forward his name as Munda's successor. In the past 12 years whenever the JMM was on the driver's seat, Soren has been the chief minister.However at the same time, he also did not make clear as to who would replace Munda if there is a change of guard. \"First the BJP should honour the agreement, we will decide about succession and formation of government,\" he added. On the other hand, the BJP dismissed the JMM chief's demand saying that there was no such agreement. \"We are not aware of any agreement between the JMM and the BJP for change of guard at the end of 28 months,\" said state president Dineshanand Goswami.However, sources in the BJP admitted differences between the two major allies in the government over various issues. \"Soren was serious about calling a meeting of the coordination committee, which is headed by him, to assess the progress of the government. Under pressure, the chief minister agreed to convene a meeting on October 28. But at the last moment, the meeting was cancelled and probably this has left Soren furious. If Munda fails to appease Soren at the earliest, the alliance may break,\" said a senior BJP leader.The JMM may pull out of the government saying the BJP did not honour the agreement for change of guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041136", "title": "Fiasco ends, regularization camps evoke good response", "text": "JAIPUR: Learning lessons from the fiasco on day one, the civic body officials were seen well-prepared during the preparation camps organised under the Prashasan Sehron ke Sang on Wednesday.On the second day, the JDA in eight zones received 4,254 application forms. Similarly, in three preparation camps organized by the JMC, 510 applications were received. The state government is organizing camps to regularize the colonies and slum areas developed on the government's agricultural and pasture land before 1999.However, BJP MLA Ashok Parnami alleged during his visit to camps at Meena Paladi area that the civic bodies were not taking applications from many slums as the matter is pending in high court. \"In Vidya Nagar zone, 347 slum dwellers applied to get land deeds. Similarly, 78 slum dwellers applied in civil lines zone,\" said a JMC official.On the second day of preparation camps, civic body officials seemed more prepared. On the first day, the residents were agitated as officials ran short of affidavits and application forms during the camp.Chief secretary, C K Mathew also reviewed the preparation of Prashasan Sehron ke Sang in a video conferencing with district collectors. In the meeting, a target to distribute 3 lakh land deeds across the state was given to the civic bodies.The district collectors and civic bodies were also informed of road repairs and patch work estimated at Rs 175 crore. The work should be completed before Diwali.On the other hand, as the appointed consultant firms are not showing keen interest, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has requested the state government to depute personnel from land settlement department to avoid any delay in regularization of colonies.The authority, for its assistance, has appointed twenty-two consultancy firms to expedite the regularization process during the camps organized under the Prashasan Sehron ke Sang. However, senior official claimed that more than half appointed consultancy firm withdrew from work.\"Out of thirteen consultancy firm to whom the JDA has provided the work orders, three consultancy firms are unwilling to work. Earlier, the remaining firms too have withdrawn from work,\" said a senior official.The work of the firms is to verify the documents submitted by the plot owners. Also, they have to fill the Performa fixed after completing the ground survey. \"We are expecting 25 persons on deputation to complete the survey and expedite the work,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17042363", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation bags urban e-governance award", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has bagged one more award for urban e-governance.The award is constituted by a non-governmental organization Jannagrah, which is supported by the Union government. A jury for selecting the award consisted of advisor to the prime minister Sam Pitroda, member of Planning Commission Arun Miera, former secretary, minister of urban development, M Ramchandran and founder and ex-vice president of Info Edge(India ) Ltd Sanjeev Bikhchandani.Surat was adjudged the best among 29 major cities with a population of more than 15 lakh. The five parameters used for judging included transparency and accountability, online services, citizen's voice, user experience and website outcomes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040405", "title": "Medical aspirants, parents to go on hunger strike", "text": "MUMBAI: Medical aspirants and their parents will go on an indefinite hunger strike from Thursday to protest against the faulty admission process for undergraduate medical and dental courses.Several students have been unable to secure admissions this year. Forum for Fairness in Education members will also participate. President of the forum, Jayant Jain, said, \"Parents are ready to go on an indefinite hunger strike. The Pravesh Niyantran Samiti has called for a meeting of parents on November 2. If the matter is resolved, we will call off our strike otherwise we will continue. Many of the parents are disturbed as they are worried about losing out on a year.\" Parents from all over the state will join the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17041741", "title": "CM, Pyari share flight but not pleasantries", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The ongoing war between chief minister Naveen Patnaik and his party MP, Pyarimohan Mohapatra, over the last few months has left little doubt that they have split. But the old adage that there are no permanent friends or foes in politics has still left room for suspicion that the divorce between the two may not be final. Adding fuel to such speculations, the duo flew down to Bhubaneswar on the same flight from Delhi. The two, however, claimed not to have made eyeball contact.Naveen returned to Bhubaneswar on Wednesday from New Delhi after a six-day stay there. In the same flight was Mohapatra. The chief minister, who had earlier described Mohapatra as \"beiman\" (ungrateful), dismissed in a few words the BJD MP's charge that he has been occupying the post of party president illegally. \"All these allegations are false and baseless,\" Naveen said.Few had an inkling that Mohapatra too came in the same flight. All eyes fell on him as he came out of the airport's exit door. What was described as a \"mere coincidence\" this was for the first time Naveen and Mohapatra travelled in the same flight after the former suspended his long time mentor and advisor on June 1. Pyari sought to rubbish questions of his possible meeting with Naveen during the Delhi visit or inside the flight. \"We had no communication,\" Mohapatra said.Party colleague and Rajya Sabha MP Baisnamba Parida, who travelled with them in the same flight, said he had not seen the two speaking to each other. \"Pyaribabu came in the economy class and had his seat towards the end. The chief minister was sitting in the front row. Hence, there was no question of both speaking to each other,\" Parida said.Though both the warring leaders did not use harsh words against each other, the chief minister on his part also did not clear the air whether or not he would dismiss Pyari from the BJD and if so when. \"I will look into it,\" Naveen said in reply to a question by a media person. Not lagging behind Pyari replied to Naveen's veiled threat in the same tone and tenor. \"I will welcome it. He (Naveen) has been looking into so many things for the past 12 years. Let him look into whatever he likes,\" Mohapatra, who is yet to be served with the show cause notice on his suspension, said.Naveen refutes Cong-deal chargeBHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Wednesday dismissed the allegation leveled by rebel BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra that he had struck a deal with Congress to save himself from the coal scam. \"The allegation (about a deal with Congress) is false and baseless,\" Naveen told reporters soon after his return from a six-day visit to Delhi. Naveen also described as \"baseless\" the allegation that inner party democracy had been destroyed in the ruling BJD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17041339", "title": "UK start-ups eye India in ICT space", "text": "BANGALORE: Joshua Abner Cooper lists out devices that squander lots of energy in the form of heat. \"Do you know how much your cup of tea costs,\" he asks. Well, it's not about the money, but saving every watt to kiss that big electricity bill good-bye.Cooper's firm in the UK, called Hildebrand Technology, has designed a palm-sized metering device, Energyhive, that delivers real-time monitoring of home energy consumption through a web browser. \"Studies show you can save 20% on your electricity bill when you can monitor your actual consumption in real-time. The motivation is to better your neighbour's energy performance,\" he says.A sensor jaw, a compatible electricity monitor, is plugged to your electricity supply that, in turn, is connected to a transmitter which sends a signal every six seconds to the monitor. Energyhive gets the readings via unique IP address showing the amount of electricity consumed by each household.\"The transmission and distribution loss is huge in India. Small energy savings make a huge impact in taking away the load from the grid,\" he says. Cooper wants to bring this pocket gadget to India. It costs 29 pounds (Rs 2, 494) in the UK. \"We will price it attractively here,\" says Cooper.Hildebrand Technology is among the clutch of technology companies wanting to set up shop in the country. With India taking the global stage as an IT/ITeS hub poised to become a $200 bn industry by 2020, UK-based firms are leveraging on the local ecosystem to explore business opportunities. Jonathan Harding, COO of UK Trade and Investment ( UKTI), said the ties between the two countries have moved away from outsourcing opportunities to tieups in the ICT sector.Home-grown Indian companies such as Infosys , TCS, HCL and Wipro have predominantly been in the services space in the UK. \"India has had a head start in IT services, but we are making software developers more efficient with their databases and coding,\" said Nick Wood , head of operations of Red Gate Software. The Cambridge-based company develops tools for software developers to manage their database and improve their code. Red Gate, which counts on Pentagon and Google as its clients, is looking to tap opportunities locally.London-headquartered TechHub, which provides shared workspaces for start-ups, sees Bangalore as a gateway to India with a vibrant ecosystem in the city. TechHub is a community that offers permanent desks for resident start-ups and drop-by desks for annual members for a fee.\"We had companies who were coding away in their bedrooms, now they have a desk for themselves. Some may have a great technology, but a terrible business plan. But by virtue of being a part of the TechHub, they get access to the full spectrum of the ecosystem including investors,\" said Elizabeth Varley, CEO of TechHub. \"We are looking at 4 new sites in Europe and potentially India,\" she added.\"The Silicon Valley has found a way to connect mentors there and entrepreneurs in India. We need visible examples of these in the UK,\" said Ravi Gururaj, VP- products, Cloud Platforms Group in Citrix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040736", "title": "26 states draw up national action plan for conservation of bears", "text": "PUNE: Action plans drawn up by 26 states for conservation and welfare of bears was used to draw up a common nation plan which will be released during the 21st international conference on bear research and management in Delhi next month.The animals are under threat from trade of body parts, habitat degradation, conflicts with people, and poaching for meat. According to a census in Maharashtra conducted in 2005, there are 871 sloth bears in non-protected areas and 1,066 in protected areas.Officials from the forest department of the bear supporting states met recently to finalise the national plan on bear conservation and discuss its implementation on ground.The meeting was organised jointly by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), the Central Zoo Authority (CZA), the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) and the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI). It was supported by the World Society for the Protection of Animals (WSPA) and the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW).State chief wildlife warden S W H Naqvi told TOI that an action plan for bear conservation for Maharashtra was prepared by WTI and WII. We had given them our inputs on human-bear conflict, habitats, threats, research work and conservation measures that can be taken up,'' he said.Rahul Kaul, senior director and chief ecologist at WTI, said that more than a year ago, efforts were on to assess the status of the bears, threats they face and other details to prepare action plans. These state plans were then used to finalise a common national plan.The chief wildlife wardens and other state forest department representatives discussed the national plan draft, as well as urgencies, needs and difficulties faced by the states in bear conservation. Their suggestions and changes were recorded for incorporation in the draft plan for finalization. The national plan will be released during the 21st international conference on bear research and management to be held next month in New Delhi,'' he said.S Sathyakumar, scientist at WII, said bears are perhaps better representatives of overall Indian biodiversity, more than the tiger or the elephant, because of their pan-India presence. Most problems to Indian wildlife are also represented through bears like trade in living animals and their body parts, habitat degradation, conflicts with people, and even poaching for meat.Home to four speciesOut of the eight species of bears found in the world, India is home to four -- the Himalayan bear, the sloth bear, the Asiatic black bear and the sun bear. They are found in 26 states and sloth bears are found in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039700", "title": "Vajpayee\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s son-in-law back in limelight, courtesy Arvind Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: This is one 'sarkari damaad' who faded from anonymity to obscurity in a jiffy. Ranjan Bhattacharya was never one to court the limelight, preferring to be spoken of in hushed tones as the man who \"ran the show\". But no sooner did his source of strength, BJP's prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , lose power in May 2004 that he disappeared without a trace, avoiding the post-mortem that normally follows.At 4.30 pm on Wednesday, over eight years later, Bhattacharya resurfaced in popular memory courtesy the diminutive anti-graft campaigner Arvind Kejriwal who just weeks ago proved the nemesis of his Congress counterpart Robert Vadra. Kejriwal played out tapes to claim that the ideology-neutral Bhattacharya had moved on to decide affairs in Congress.A snatch from the infamous Niira Radia tapes, with Bhattacharya talking to the fallen PR queen , said, \"Mukeshbhai told me, Congress to apni dukaan hai\".Kejriwal played on the sexy quote attributed to the richest Indian to claim that mainstream parties BJP and Congress were in collusion over corruption. While the wannabe politician, with graft as his plank, seemed to argue the need for a third force like him, Bhattacharya may have sighed he better not succeed.\"Ranjan has become the unlikely symbol of political promiscuity. This, when he got away without scrutiny as an inhabitant of the omnipotent PM residence,\" a leader summarized Vajpayee's son-in-law's misery.Bhattacharya's role first emerged in 2010 when he, at the height of ministry-making in UPA-2, assured Radia that he would get his contacts in Congress to ensure that Dayanidhi Maran did not become telecom minister. While BJP was mourning its second successive defeat, Bhattacharya was purportedly busy interior designing for Congress. Vajpayee must have cringed.Renewed focus may not be easy to stomach for the man who chose retirement over re-employment. Few in political circles have seen Bhattacharya in a while. He has been fastidious about being faceless. Even at the peak of his powers, when he was the ladder to the PM, rarely could anyone outside the charmed circle claim to have interacted with him. Public appearances were rare, photographs even more.By general reckoning, he would pass unnoticed on any street. This anonymity, along with less intrusive television and social media, is how Bhattacharya succeeded where Vadra failed.As a political observer said, \"Robert's flamboyance, his Page 3 habits, put him in the firing line of those gunning for the Gandhi family. Ranjan did not exist for Vajpayee enemies.\" So much so that it required an insider in RSS chief K C Sudarshan to throw the muck. The saffron patriarch shook the family when he made a public statement that Bhattacharya and Vajpayee's principal secretary Brajesh Mishra were responsible for the mess in BJP.The other rare occasion when his name figured and fizzled in a fleeting moment was the UTI scam, but deft maneuvers ensured that no damage was done. Vajpayee's ouster saw some reports about Bhattacharya's role in sale of government hotels , but little came out of them. Congress appeared to have helped him succeed in fading away by a policy recently articulated by Digvijay Singh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d we don't target the families.Except that Kejriwal is not part of this BJP-Congress omerta. A quick learner, Bhattacharya may just avoid speaking on telephone. And to Radia!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17041807", "title": "N-LIST to help Allahabad University students access library e-resource", "text": "ALLAHABAD: If you are among students pursuing higher education from any of the government-aided or recognised colleges, or any of the constituent colleges of Allahabad University and deprived of e-resource in the library, there comes a good news for you. The project titled National Library and Information Services Infrastructure for Scholarly Content (N-LIST) would equip any library which can support e-resource.Once an educational institution gets registered for the said project, all colleges covered under section 12B/2F of UGC Act and Non-Aided Colleges (except Agriculture, Engineering, Management, Medical, Pharmacy, dentistry and Nursing) can access electronic resources subscribed by the UGC-INFONET Digital Library consortium as well as selected e-resources found appropriate for colleges including e-journals and e-books. The resources include more than 3,100-plus e-journals and 75,000-plus e-books.Any college that wants to access the given facility of e-resource has to deposit an annual fee of Rs 5,000 to INFLIBNET-NLIST, Ahmedabad which would open an account and provide password after which the e-content can be accessed in the library by members of the institution.\"Earlier, the facility was limited to computers at the Central Library of AU or nodes attached to the main server of the university but it was not available to the colleges. The option given by the UGC-INFONET Digital Library consortium, these institutions can also get accessed to the e-content\", said deputy librarian of AU's central library B K Singh. He informed that institutions interested in getting the said facility can attend a one-day training programme which would be organised at AU on November 9.The content that would be provided under the project includes full text of e-journals including American Institute of Physics, American Physical Society, Annual Reviews, Cambridge University Press, Economic and Political Weekly, Indian Journals, Institute of Physics, Oxford University Press , Royal Society of Chemistry and HW Wilson. Among the e-Books are Cambridge Books Online, e-brary, EBSCoHost-Net Library, Hindustan Book Agency, Institute of South East Asian Studies, Oxford Scholarship, Springer eBooks Taylor Francis eBooks and Myilibrary-Mcgraw Hill, informed Singh.\"The one-day training programme, scheduled for November 9, would go a long way to provide the best of these e-resources to students of various institutions, who are otherwise deprived of access to large number of e-content they require in many ways\", said B K Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041393", "title": "Farmers seek higher state advised price for sugarcane", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cane farmers and sugar millers in Uttar Pradesh inched closer to a state advised price (SAP) for sugarcane on Wednesday after the final meeting between the stakeholders and the state government.During the second meeting to fix the SAP for the 2012-13 season, farmer groups persisted with their demands for fixing SAP higher than Rs 300. Saying their input costs ranged between Rs 250 in western UP and Rs 287 in eastern and central parts of the state, the farmers' claims were backed by inputs from government institutes -- Sugarcane Research Farm in Shahjahanpur, Sardar Patel University of Agriculture, Meerut and Indian Institute of Sugarcane Research, Lucknow, each submitting input costs ranging between Rs 228 and Rs 234 per quintal.Arguing that SAP should be higher than Rs 300, Sudhir Panwar of Kisan Jagriti Manch said last year SAP was 9.2% of the prevailing sugar prices.This year, with sugar prices pegged between Rs 3,400 and Rs 3,800 per quintal and unlikely to dip, the SAP should be Rs 312.80 considering the prevailing sugar prices. On Wednesday, farmers also requested the state government to declare the state advised price soon to allow mills to begin crushing soon. State representatives of the Indian Sugar Mill Association, Shyamlal Gupta, however, opposed any changes or increase in sugarcane prices from last year's Rs 250 per quintal because of the losses incurred by sugar mills during the previous season. Farmer groups, however, argued that this year, the sugarcane acreage in UP increased by 7%, so they should be allowed the same profits like last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040188", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan pays tribute to Sardar Patel, Indira", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said that late Sardar Patel was the builder of modern India who should be credited with country's present shape. He was speaking after garlanding Sardar Patel's statue at Vallabh Park at Mantralaya here on Wednesday on the occasion of Sardar Patel's birth anniversary.Chouhan also paid tributes to former prime minister Indira Gandhi on her death anniversary. He garlanded her statue at State Bank crossing near Old Secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041969", "title": "Kannada\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s cool at home &amp; work", "text": "On Rajyotsava Day, we celebrate the spirit of the language and culture of Karnataka and people who keep it alive'Learn the language, win the hearts of locals' is their mantra. Having moved to Bangalore , they are comfortably at home in the city, greeting friends, neighbours and colleagues with, \"Channagidira (Are you well)? \", \"Nanage Karnatakadalli iralu tumba khushi idhe (I am very happy being here in Karnataka )\" and the more contemporary \"Just chill maadi (Just chill)!\" On Karnataka Rajyotsava, TOI features six non-Kannadiga Bangaloreans who share their experience of learning Kannada.LegendspeakThe richness of Kannada is due to the Navodaya (modernism) movement in Kannada literature during the early 20th century. It is the source. The encouragement and influence of scholars and writers of that era enriched the language and continues to do so. The current writing is progressing. The current crop of writers is young and wants their writing to be attractive and good. Set aside all doubts to rest. In the coming days, Kannada literature will be more influential and will produce great works. The youth will surely bring glory to the Kannada language and literature. Kannada still thrives in our rural areas.Prof G Venkatasubbaiah | LEXICOGRAPHERShalini Rajneesh | PRINCIPAL SECRETARY, DEPT OF PERSONNEL AND ADMINISTRATIVE REFORMS, HEAD OF SAKALA (NATIVE OF HARYANA)I started learning Kannada as soon as I was posted in Karnataka in 1990. I believe it is essential to learn the local language if you aim to know the people and their problems better . Kannada is a very sweet and rich language and has a lot of dialects. The dialect changes from district to district but the flavour remains the same. It took me about six months to learn the basic language and now I'm quite fluent in it. My favourite line is 'Channagidira?' Learning Kannada has helped me understand my work better.Praveen Sood | ADDITIONAL DGP, POLICE COMPUTER WING (NATIVE OF HIMACHAL PRADESH)It is absolutely essential to learn the local language as it helps win acceptability , especially in the police force. As soon I was posted in Karnataka in 1986, I started learning the language and my main sources were my friends and colleagues . Interacting with them also helped me win their hearts. Also, our tutor during our probation days helped me learn Kannada, which is very rich in literature. Today, I am more comfortable speaking Kannada than Hindi, my mother tongue. I love the word 'maadi' . You can club this word with any English or Hindi word. To my daughters, I often say: 'Just chill maadi!'Vinay Yadav | HOD, HINDI, BISHOP COTTON WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN COLLEGE (NATIVE OF BIHAR)Language is my passion and I started learning Kannada when I first came to this city as a student about 20 years ago. Kannada is a very rich and sweet language. This is the only language which has won more Jnanpith awards than any other. This shows how rich Kannada literature is. If you start picking up small words, it is not very difficult to learn the language. I learnt it within a year. My favourite line is 'Kannada nanna usiru, nanna jeeva (Kannada is my breath, Kannada is my life)'.Arun Nagarajan | SOFTWARE PROFESSIONAL (NATIVE OF TAMIL NADU)Kannada is a little similar to my mother tongue Tamil. Both languages are based on Sanskrit, so I didn't find it very difficult to learn. Learning Kannada helped me understand the people here better and has made my life easier. It took me about eight months to learn the basic language and now I'm very comfortable speaking it. My favourite line is 'Swalpa adjust maadi (please adjust a little bit)'.Maura Chari | GERMAN NATIONALI've been in Bangalore for about two decades and have realized that learning the local language has made my life very easy. I can easily interact with my maid or the vegetable vendor . I have not taken any professional help to learn Kannada, I learnt it by interacting with friends and colleagues. Being married to a Tamilian helped me learn Kannada a bit. It's a very sweet sounding language and I like to say 'Nanage Karnatakadalli iralu tumba khushi idhe (I love to be in Karnataka)' and 'Swalpa adjust maadi' .Rebecca Quazi | STUDENT OF INDUS INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL, GERMAN NATIONALI've been in Bangalore for about five years and have been learning the local language for over two years now. I learnt my first Kannada words from my friends in school and now I can read and write the language. I find this language unique and easy too. I am not yet fluent speaking it, but I can interact in the language without much difficulty. My favourite line is: \"Nimma hesaru yenu (What's your name)?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17041912", "title": "Tension in Dharwad jail", "text": "DHARWAD: Tension prevailed in Dharwad Central Prison on Wednesday when inmates took objection to lodging of two prisoners in the barracks.On Tuesday night, the department of prisons shifted two prisoners from Bangalore and Mysore to the jail here. The inmates apprehending trouble from the new entrants, objected to their being brought to Dharwad and urged the authorities to shift the newcomers to another jail.Jail authorities apprehending trouble at breakfast alerted local police, who visited the jail in the early hours of Wednesday and pacified the irate inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17041860", "title": "Allahabad University poised to evict illegal hostel inmates", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Following the recent decision of the Allahabad High Court directing Allahabad University authorities to evict illegal inmates from all its hostels, AU has instructed hostel authorities to prepare a list of illegal inmates and submit it by November 2.Following the court's decision, AU called an important meeting of various officials, wardens and superintendents of different hostels of AU and members of trusts. It was decided that in compliance with the order of the Allahabad High Court dated 19/10/2012, in writ petition C-53898 of 2012, it is notified that only bona fide allottees of the hostels will be permitted to reside for the current session and all others must vacate the hostel within 15 days i.e. by November 14.The AU has instructed hostel authorities to display the list of bona fide allottees on the notice board of the hostel immediately so that further steps may be ensured for the compliance of the order of the High Court. Similarly, hostel authorities were also instructed to submit one copy of the list of bona fide students by November 2 to the office of DSW (Dean Student Welfare).On the other hand, the illegal inmates who have occupied rooms in various hostels for years are resorting to all kinds of tactics to stay put.Hostel authorities are preparing the list of bona fide inmates who have deposited their draft of annual fee and the same would be submitted to the office of DSW. Once the hostel authorities determine the number of rooms vacant, the DSW office will allot them to the applicants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17041446", "title": "Five die in Dhanbad road accident", "text": "DHANBAD: Five people were killed and 11 injured in a collision between two vehicles at Chasnala on Sindri-Jharia road on Wednesday. The injured, majority of them are in critical condition, have been rushed to Pataliputra Medical College Hospital. A truck and a light passenger vehicle were coming from Sindri to Dhanbad. As the two vehicles reached SAIL gate, another truck from the opposite direction collided with the passenger vehicle. \"After the collision, the passenger vehicle overturned and came under the wheels of the truck that was coming from behind, killing five on the spot,\" said police. The five deceased have been indentified as Vinay Kumar , a student of ITI, Yashoda Devi (28), Arjun Kumbhkar (25), a television mechanic of Baliapur, Karmchari Rajak and Arjun Rajak, both brothers from Hazaribag. The subdivisional magistrate, who visited the site, announced an ex-gratia of Rs 10,000 to the families of the deceased and assured medical assistance to the injured in PMCH.A student of ITI at Sindri who was in the vehicle said, \"The truck was speeding towards Sindri when it reached SAIL Gate, it collided with the light vehicle. Driver of the truck which was coming behind the light vehicle escaped. The employees of the SAIL's Chasnala unit rescued the victims.However, the killer truck went scot-free. Deputy SP of Sindri, Chandan Kumar Singh and pacified the agitated people who blocked traffic on Sindri-Jharia highway for more than two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17040351", "title": "Little monsters and angels come alive as school celebrates Halloween", "text": "COIMBATORE: Witches, warlocks, monsters and superheroes came to life on the premises of Park Global School here on Wednesday. For those who were wondering why the children were trotting around in these curious costumes, the answer is a little-known festival to Indians - Halloween , which is celebrated with much fanfare in the United States and many European countries on October 31.Over 100 students got dressed as monsters, ghosts, vampires, witches and devils, providing a different experience for the invitees who thronged the institution. And to counter the monsters, many children were dressed as angels. The word 'Halloween is believed to have been derived from the 16{+t}{+h} century Scottish phrase 'All Hallows Evening' which was celebrated on the eve of November 1. It was believed that this was the time of year when the physical and supernatural worlds were closest and a time when magical things could happen,\" said Anusha R, CEO of Park Group of Educational Institutions.According to her, the event was organised with a view to introducing the western celebration to the children as they have to live in an increasingly globalised environment, where cross-cultural exchanges were fast becoming a necessity. \"The belief is that ghosts will visit people on this day. So a section of children were dressed as ghosts and others as supernatural figures. At the same time, angels will be there to give protection from the mischief of the ghosts,'' she said.In many western countries, the children go door to door in search of a treat and if they are not treated, they will play tricks on the inhabitants of the house. \"We have hung Jack-O lanterns (lanterns carved out of pumpkins) around the school building to create the ambience,\" she said. The sweets and toffees distributed among students added to the joy of the celebration.S Gokul, a class seven student dressed as a ghost tried to frighten guests with his menacing stance. But a group of little angels soon drove away the ghost. C Vishakan, another student said he enjoyed scaring people.\"From Onam to Ramzan and Christmas, we celebrate all festivals in our school. Children need to learn about different cultural practises,\" said Anusha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17041819", "title": "Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology student dies of dengue", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A student of BTech (final year) at the Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT), who was diagnosed with the symptoms of dengue , died within hours after being admitted to a private hospital on Tuesday evening. However, what is alarming is the fact that two more students of the institute -- of BTech (final year) and MTech (first year) -- have been admitted to the hospital with symptoms of dengue.The deceased student, Lalit Prajapati, hailed from Faridabad town of Haryana. He had returned to the city from his hometown on Monday morning and was taken ill on Tuesday afternoon. His fellow students took him to the institute dispensary where the doctors, after examination, advised some tests which had to be conducted in any diagnostic/pathological clinic of the city.However, his condition started deteriorating after which he was rushed to a private hospital where he died of the complications arising out of the disease within a few hours after admission on Tuesday night, said institute spokesperson Dr Tanuj Nandan.In the meantime, upon receiving information about the boy's death, angry students picketed the main administrative building housing the office of the director of the institute. They shouted slogans against the institute authorities and demanded better medical facilities for the students, including round the clock availability of an ambulance, medical store and pathology centre.However, when the institute authorities failed to come to the spot to listen to their grievance, some of the agitating students went on a rampage and damaged flower pots and glass panes inside the main administrative building.Later, the institute authorities convened a meeting of faculty members and student representatives where it was decided to set up a medical panel comprising of faculty members and two nominees of the students, including a boy and a girl. Besides, a decision was taken to make immediate arrangements for providing round the clock ambulance facility to the students.The institute has also decided to include some more hospitals in the existing panel of hospitals which would provide cash-free medical treatment to the institute students on producing the valid identity card.An uneasy calm prevailed on the institute campus as both the students and faculty members remained in a state of shock after the death and were closely watching the health of the other two students who have also been diagnosed with similar symptoms and are undergoing treatment, said Dr Nandan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "17039875", "title": "Truck overturns in Mendha", "text": "GONDIA: A truck laden with unhammered logs overturned near Mendha village in Tiroda tehsil on Wednesday afternoon.Truck driver Vijay Nirwan, 30, and conductor Lalprasad Badge, 20, both from Lakhani, said they were carrying these logs from Thanegaon of Tiroda tehsil to Nagpur. Since these logs were not packed properly, the truck overturned, they said. However, they refused to give more details.When contacted, range forest officer of Tiroda NH Shende said that a team would be sent to conduct panchanama.Trailer damages overhead power cablesGondia: A huge trailer coming from Nagpur snapped 33 kV overhead power cables when it got snagged in them near Vihirgaon village on Tiroda Tumsar border on Wednesday.The villagers said that the vehicle must have been going to Adani Thermal Power plant. The accident caused the traffic along this route to come to a halt for a long time. Sources said that the trailer had flouted laws that prohibit heavy vehicles from operating during day time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041381", "title": "Musical notes stir audience soul at Times-NIE awards function", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city turned musical on Wednesday evening as the famous classical singer Pandit Chhannulal Mishra captivated the audience at Sant Gadge auditorium in Gomtinagar with his soulful voice. The occasion was the Times-NIE Annual Principals-Teachers Meet and Student of the Year Award-2012, which was attended by eminent educationists, principals and teachers. The audience described the evening as 'intense' and 'power-packed'.It was a first time experience for some to attend a classical musical concert of this stature. Rabinder Sawhey, a teacher at Navayuga Radiance, Rajendra Nagar, said, \"This is my first time and I hardly understand classical music. But the rhythm, the beats of tabla and sarangi and the soulful voice of Panditji stirred my soul.\" The classical music albums will now surely find a place in my collection, she added. Striking the same chord, Shyamali Srivastava, a teacher at Central Academy, Vikasnagar, said, \"The music, synchronisation, tunes played by the instruments and the flow of the song, I would just say one thing- I am spellbound.\"For the classical music lovers, it was an honour to listen to Pandit Chhannulal Mishra live. Lauding the Times-NIE team, AK Singh, principal of Delhi Public School, Eldeco branch, said, \"It was my greatest wish to listen to Panditji live and NIE has given me this opportunity. More programmes like this should be held to promote classical and semi-classical music.\" He also mentioned about EKOAHEM, a TOI event held in 1989 where eminent classical singers like Pandit Jasraj , Pandit Rajan Sajan Mishra, etc., had performed.Classical music is fading away and losing its relevance among the youths. Poonam Kochitty, principal, Sri Ramswaroop Memorial Public School termed the trend as 'unfortunate'. She said, \"Exposure to such music is the need of the hour. We need to promote such programs among the kids so that they understand it and take the tradition further.\" Manisha Mishra, a teacher at CMS LDA branch said, \"Youngsters can take this tradition forward and we need to expose them at the time of inception, when they start learning new things.\"While singing raag Yaman Kalyan, Benaras Thumri and Dadra, Panditji explained each of the notations and lines. Smriti Mehrotra, a teacher at CMS Mahanagar branch, expressed her gladness to listen to such a celebrity. She said, \"I was mesmerised. Panditji was explaining all the raags to break the monotony and it was informative too.\" Manisha Karki of Bal Vidya Mandir, who also teaches music to kids, described the event as a very 'special' one. She said, \"I experienced such a great artist from the same field live.\"One student each from 58 schools across UP was given the Student of the Year award. The parents of the meritorious students were also present on the occasion. Punit Jain, vice-president- North was also present. The programme was sponsored by Lucknow Public School/Colleges, Punjab National Bank , ING Vysa Bank, Indian Oil and Rubic's Rostrum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17041486", "title": "Gautampura gearing up for hingot fight", "text": "MHOW: Continuing the age-old tradition, the residents of Gautampura, about 59 kilometres from Indore, are all gearing up for the hingot festival. Hingot is observed on 'Dhok Padwa' - a day after Diwali in which warriors are categorized in two groups, Turra of Gautampura and Kalgi of Runji village, who attack each other with burning hingots (a hollow fruit stuffed with gun powder) that resemble flying missiles.The festival is associated with the religious belief and has left several people injured in the past. However, the administration despite all efforts to persuade the villagers to give up the violent celebration has failed to achieve much success.Hingot is a coconut like fruit with a hard outer shell and hollow inside grown on Hingoriya tree. The residents collect the hingots and clean them. There are two holes at one end of this fruit, one small while the other slightly bigger than that. Gun powder is filled in it and the bigger hole is closed with mud and a fuse is fixed in the smaller hole. A bamboo strip, about eight inches long, is fitted at its back for better handling and aiming just like an arrow. The fighters hold the dhal (round shape plank like structure for defence from hingots) in one hand while a burning wooden piece in the other for igniting the hingots.The two groups start throwing burning hingots at each other during sunset. When it gets completely dark, the burning hingots flying in the sky look magnificent and the show is spectacular. People from the nearby areas arrive here to witness the event. During the hingot war the sky is dotted with many golden lines made by fast moving burning hingots.The district administration though officially does not permit the hingot war, it does provide medical arrangements to provide medical aid to the injured.Last year, the police personnel had carried out a vigorous search for the hingots and even recovered many of them to minimize the number of hingots to be used in the fight. Police had also distributed pamphlets in the town asking people not to get involved in it but as the issue is related to tradition, the administration has never been able to take a tough stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17042049", "title": "Two killed in Sayla accident", "text": "RAJKOT: Two people were killed in a hit-and-run accident near Sayla town of Surendranagar district on Wednesday.The deceased have been identified as Manoj Thakar, driver of a van belonging to Kheda district police, and a resident of Kapadvanj Sanjay Patel.Sources said Thakar had parked the police van near Sudamda village on Rajkot-Ahmedabad Highway after he had broken down.Another vehicle driven by Patel had been called from Kapadvanj to help repair the police van. The two vehicles were hit by a speeding truck. This led to the death of the drivers. The police have booked the driver of the truck who fled from the spot along with his vehicle and are trying to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17043534", "title": "Mumbai school organizes science fair", "text": "MUMBAI: Students of Ecole Mondiale World School recently conducted a Science Fair at their school auditorium. The core objective behind the Science Fair was to develop students' cognitive, psychomotor and affective domains of learning.The Science Fair this time did not revolve around topics like renewable resources, generating electricity, solar power to name a few, but focused on projects like composite materials, cosmetics, animal husbandry. The projects highlighted the pros and cons of science and medicine. PYP students created unique models which played an important role in developing the cognitive, psychomotor and affective domains of learning.Some of the projects highlighted on how ignorance of scientific knowledge could lead to fatal mishaps. The students displayed the disadvantages of various medicinal procedures like Botox, Liposuction, Dental Implant and others.Ecole Mondiale students from PYP (nursery) to MYP (Grade 10th) actively participated in the fair with new concepts that illustrated, on how Science and Medicine is a boon and curse to humanity. Technology was innovatively used in all the projects by the students. This Science Fair creatively played a key role in building up a platform where in the connection of science with society and the world around us became more evident.Students from Gandhigram Municipal School Juhu, Sanskardham Vidyalaya of speech and hearing impaired visited Ecole Mondiale during Scifest. According to Finbarr O'Regan, Principal, Ecole Mondiale World School, Juhu, \"Science fair gives an opportunity to bring all elements of science together. When students work together, they learn to appreciate each other's' ideas and build-up collaborative and problem solving skills. Students are highly motivated and enthusiastic to present their scientific learning to their parents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17041673", "title": "Law student dies in bike accident", "text": "KOCHI: A 20-year-old law student was killed on the spot when the bike which he was riding rammed the median at Edapally around 2am on Wednesday. The deceased was identified as Vyshak Regunath, son of retired judge V T Raghunath, NERA-112 A, Srambikkal Temple Road, Edapally.Vyshak was a fifth semester law student of Nuals in the city. Police said the victim was riding an imported model of Yamaha R1, which costs around Rs 15 lakh.The impact of the collision was so huge that the rider was thrown to a distance of 20 metres and the bike hit a tree on the road side.Vyshak had borrowed the 1000cc bike, having Goa registration, from one of his friends. Though police personnel from Edapally traffic station reached the spot, they could not save his life.The bike was completely destroyed in the accident.Autopsy was conducted at Ernakulam General Hospital and the body was handed over to his family. Police said Vyshak was enjoying a ride on the bike along with his friend on Tuesday night. The accident occurred when Vyshak was proceeding to Edapally after dropping his friend near Pipeline Road at Palarivattom.CBI takes Janaki Raman into custodyThe Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday raided the premises of the institutions in the city which had links with lottery king Santiago Martin and his lottery business.The raids were conducted by a combined team of CBI officials from Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram. Official sources said raids were conducted at the residence of Janaki Raman at Kaloor.He was the managing director of a publication which publishes lottery results. The officials also searched the press used for printing the publication.\"Raman has been taken into custody for detailed questioning. Raids were also conducted at different establishments in Coimbatore and Chennai,\" an official said.The CBI is conducting a probe against Santiago Martin in connection with the sale of lottery tickets of other states in Kerala.As part of the probe, the CBI had earlier conducted raids at the premises of Megha Distributors in Kerala, owned by Martin.The state government had handed over a total of 32 cases to the CBI in connection with sale of illegal lottery tickets by Megha Distributors", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039996", "title": "Tight security in Hyderabad today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Elaborate security arrangements have been made for the AP Formation Day celebrations to be conducted at NTR Stadium near Indira Park. Police have also imposed traffic restrictions on all routes leading to the stadium.Over 1000 cops would be deployed in and around the stadium. In view of possible protests from pro-Telangana activists, police have put up barricades on all roads leading to the stadium. All lodges and apartment complexes inside the security perimeter have been screened to eliminate possibility of protesters taking shelter there in advance. Police personnel would be positioned on all high-rise buildings around the stadium to prevent protesters from releasing black balloons.Traffic coming from DBR Mills towards Indira Park will be diverted via Vaartha office lane. Vehicles coming from RTC X Roads to Indira Park will be diverted at Ashok Nagar X roads. Traffic will not be allowed towards Indira Park from Domalguda normal traffic will not be allowed on to Telugu Tally Flyover from Iqbal Minar.Traffic coming from Gandhinagar to NTR Stadium will be diverted towards Bakaram at Bakaram Bridge.Meanwhile, the Saifabad police arrested 15 Osmania University students who were trying to enter Secretariat to stage a protest against the AP Formation Day celebrations on Wednesday. All the students were later released on a personal bond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17043545", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan inaugurates off-campus centre for a management institute", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister of Maharashtra, Prithviraj Chavan inaugurated the NMIMS Off-Campus centre 'Mukesh Patel Technology Park' at Shirpur. Amrish Patel, chancellor, NMIMS deemed-to-be university and Dr. Rajan Saxena, vice chancellor, NMIMS gave a warm welcome to the chief minister on his arrival at the campus.Speaking at the ceremony,Prithviraj Chavan said, \"I was planning to come here since last two years after taking charge as CM. Today I got this opportunity to see dream of Late Mukesh Patel turn into realtiy with the efforts of Amrish Patel. I am very happy to inaugurate this campus today. I have seen many campuses earlier but this kind of campus I have not seen in the whole country. I wish I had studied in such campus as a student. Today, the students are lucky to be present in the era of technology who have the opportunity to explore the world. The economic reform of 1991 has changed the complete scenario of Indian economy.\"\"Today we face more complex challenges as we are competing with the rest of the world. We need to understand that the global competitive advantage of India lies in its trained human resources. There are constrains in competitive advantage built on the basis of natural resources only. Unfortunately, no Indian university so far has featured in the top 200 universities of the world. Nor do we have any IT product made in India nor have we won Noble prizes. The youth of today can alter these paradigms and India can emerge as Super power\"Welcoming the chief minister, Dr. Rajan Saxena said, \"We started this campus in 2007, which is today, a credible educational set up spread over 50 acres with excellent facilities to enhance community life on campus. We have 1,500 students in the courses of engineering and pharmacy and 100 full time highly qualified faculty members and visiting faculty members from Mumbai and Indore.\"Amrish Patel expressing gratitude to the chief minister and the present dignitaries, stated,\" It is a memorable day for SVKM and NMIMS as well as for the people of Shirpur. NMIMS's Shirpur campus represents a movement of excellence towards higher education in this part of the state. Shirpur campus will not only impart high quality education but will also influence the socio-economic development in northern Maharashtra.\"Vile Parle Kelvani Mandal (SVKM) the sponsoring society of NMIMS is a 78 years old society and trust in Mumbai that has bought 50 acres of land at Shirpur for setting up of NMIMS Off-Campus Centre 'Mukesh Patel Technology Park' on the banks of Tapi River. Mukesh Patel Technology Park is a residential campus that includes School of Technology Management &amp; Engineering and School of Pharmacy and Technology Management and it also oversees the Centre for Textile Functions and Academy of Aviation located at a distance.The campus is approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi as an integrated campus. NMIMS Off-Campus at Shirpur is situated in a green, unpolluted and quiet atmosphere that creates the right ambience to study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17042415", "title": "Boating project meant to protect water body sinks", "text": "HASSAN: A bus stand and boating spot were two dream projects envisaged for Hassan. While the city has got a new KSRTC bus stand at Channapatnakere, the boating project meant to protect a lake appears to have sunk, and along with it apparently Rs 3.28 crore spent on it so far.The project was to come up adjacent to the bus stand. But part of the funds remains unutilized with the district administration and the project is in limbo.Incidentally, the bus stand has come up on what was once a lake in Channapatnakere. The initial idea was to either revive the lake or start a boating spot so that the water body remained protected. However, only a bus stand came in its place.The boating project was approved to protect the lake. In 2006, Hassan Urban Development Authority spent Rs 3.28 crore on it but later stopped it without attributing any reason. Rest of the Rs 5 crore allocated for it is lying with the district administration. Deputy commissioner KP Mohanraj declined to speak on the matter.Environmentalist HL Vijay Kumar Sharma says the boating spot was an awaited project in the city.\"There was no opposition for bus stand construction because the remaining space was kept aside for the water body. Now there are only bushes and waste being dumped there. In the name of development, water bodies have been destroyed,\" he said.\"We didn't worry when the bus stand was constructed by covering the lake. For, there was a proposal for boating spot and we thought it would be a good recreational facility for the city. Also, the lake was getting protected by the project. However, both plans have failed. Neither has the government fund been fully utilized nor have they developed it,\" says Ravi,a resident of Channapatnakere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040744", "title": "Website to help aggrieved Mumbai flat buyers", "text": "MUMBAI: Some chartered accountants have urged flat buyers against paying VAT to builders. A website has been set up to help aggrieved parties seek redress in this connection.Sharad Patel, an affected buyer and founder-partner of chartered accountants ASJ &amp; Company LLP, said the Bombay high court on Tuesday held that every agreement with a developer need not be a works contract. It is for the sales tax assessing officer to verify each agreement with developers to determine if a particular agreement is a works contract and VAT can be levied. He has raised doubts on whether VAT can be charged on such flats sales.\"When a person signs an agreement to sell, his intention is very clear and that is he is actually buying an immovable property and not cement and steel. Moreover, when the said agreement is registered, the state government charges stamp duty at a higher rate (6%) considering the same as an immovable property,\" said Patel. \"Further, as the buyer is not hiring a developer to construct a house for him, the agreement to sell does not fulfil the criteria of a works contract. So, on what grounds can the same government assess the same agreement on two different grounds and demand VAT and stamp duty?\" If VAT is levied, proportionate stamp duty has to be refunded by the state government. In a works contract, the buyer generally hires a developer (contractor) to build a house based on his/her specifications. The land ownership, control and possession remain with the buyer.Patel, who has not got possession of a 3BHK flat since 2009 as he has refused to pay VAT, urged buyers to come under one platform. He has set up a website, www.flatvat.com, where buyers can register and seek appropriate relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17042424", "title": "Auto-tractor collision kills 6-yr-old", "text": "MYSORE: A six-year-old boy, who was severely in a goods auto-tractor collision on Tuesday night at Sindhuvalli in Mysore, died at KR Hospital on Wednesday.The deceased has been identified as Madesh, a resident of Sindhuvalli. He died at 3.45 am.The incident occurred at 7.30pm on Tuesday while Madesh along with his relatives were returning after celebrating a festival from Janatha Bazar in Tonachinakoppalu in the ill-fated goods auto.Siddarama and his relatives suffered serious injurious in the accident. The occupants of the auto, Chandramma, Seeramma, Mahadevamma, Ratnamma, Ravi, Harish, Mahesh and Bhavani and driver Ravi are being treated at KR Hospital. Their condition is said to be stable.Mysore South Police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040209", "title": "Spunky accident victim sits for exam from hospital bed", "text": "MUMBAI: Like any other final-year BMM student, 20-year-old Zenobia Shaikh has been burning the midnight oil for her exams. But here's the difference: While Zenobia's batchmates are appearing for their papers at their examination centres, the spunky girl is doing so from a hospital bed. with the help of a writer.Two weeks before her fifth semester university exams, Zenobia was hit by a speeding SUV outside her college. Zenobia suffered fractures on both the legs in the accident, which also left her with a broken nose. \"She had just finished one of our last lectures for the semester and was on her way home when this SUV came out of nowhere and rammed into her,\" . She was bleeding profusely and some of the students rushed her to Nair Hospital,\" said Sangeeta Makkad, the BMM coordinator of Lala Lajpatrai College at Haji Ali.The college authorities contacted university officials and asked them to consider Zenobia's case. to appear for her exam either from the hospital or an ambulance outside an examination centre.After following up for days together, the university approved a writer for Zenobia and allowed her to appear for the exam from her bed in Bhatia Hospital. , where she was later shifted. \"The vice-chancellor and the controller of examination of the Mumbai University have been very supportive and allowed one of our extended full cooperation in Zenobia's case. They gave permission for our SY BMM students to be Zenobia's writer,\" added Makkad.Police sources said the SUV is owned by a doctor and the driver was arrested. A case of rash and negligent driving was registered at Tardeo police station on the same day. The driver was let off on a bail of Rs 7,000 the next day. \"We are filing the chargesheet now and the final copy will be ready once we get the victim's medical certificate,\" said sub-inspector Nitin Bhode.\"My daughter has undergone multiple surgeries and doctors had to insert a rod in one of her legs. She has also lost two of her front teeth and her nose also was also badly injured.Till date, I haven't received a single call from the owner of the car to ask about my daughter,\" or to help us with the medical expenses,\" said Ifthikar Shaikh, her father.The college is trying to help Zenobia's family foot her medical bills. \"We have a medical insurance cover of Rs 1 lakh for each of our students and have already started the paper work for Zenobia,\" said Makkad. As of now, Zenobia, a BMM (advertising) student has finished appearing for three papers while two more are still pending.\"Our second year students have been supporting the family in every way they can and are on duty at the hospital from morning to evening,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17041454", "title": "Maternal mortality: Can't make Gujarat ape others, says HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While chief minister Narendra Modi has a penchant for comparing Gujarat with other states for its economic growth, his government thinks that such comparison is bad, particularly when it comes down to health parameters.During proceedings over a nine-year old public interest litigation (PIL) demanding reduction of maternal mortality ratio (MMR) in Gujarat, senior counsel Girish Patel told the Gujarat high court that the state lags behind with MMR at 148 as compared to states like Kerala which reports 81 mothers' deaths and Tamil Nadu that has 94. He also submitted that the state should be directed to improve health infrastructure to bring MMR below 100, which was a Millennium Development Goal (MDG) set by the state.This argument does not seem to have gone down well with the government. In an affidavit, it has told the court that comparing mortality of two different states is \"totally irrational\", as the states may have different conditions in terms of weather, food habits, education, awareness, natural resources, traditions, customs, caste among other factors.Citing a Supreme Court order, the state health department claimed, \"One state cannot be compelled to follow another... The contention taken by the petitioner (senior doctor Leela Trivedi) that Gujarat also should be like Kerala or any other state of the country in any terms is not logical and rational.\"The government also refused to accept any of the suggestions made by the petitioner by claiming that it has its own policies to achieve the goal.After charting all schemes and its benefits, the government expressed its inability to send trained doctors to rural areas, that too even after spending hefty amount on their studies.\"One cannot assure that the medical students who were provided education free of cost will serve in rural areas,\" the affidavit reads.The government says it has encouraged doctors' stay in rural and difficult areas by awarding extra marks for their admission in PG courses on basis of their stay there.In another affidavit filed earlier, the government had told the HC that more than 70% of posts of specialist doctors in the state's public and community health centres is vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17042136", "title": "State leaders on retain-BS Yeddyurappa mission", "text": "BANGALORE: State BJP leaders on Tuesday reportedly asked the central leadership to take a decision within a week on former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's future in the party.The leaders led by chief minister Jagadish Shettar and state BJP president KS Eshwarappa are on a 'Retain Yeddyurappa Mission ' and said they'd abide by any decision taken by the high command.While Yeddyurappa has maintained that he'd quit the BJP and announce his regional party on December 10 in Haveri , his loyalist ministers started talks with the party leadership to convince him to stay back . However , the Lingayat strongman is insisting he be given the state unit president's post and announce him as the party's chief ministerial candidate during the assembly elections next year.Top posts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d chief ministerial candidate and state BJP president \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are ruled out for Yeddyurappa and the party may ask him to accept the campaign committee chairman's post.On Tuesday, Shettar and Eshwarappa reportedly told the high command that Yeddyurappa would pit his candidates against BJP nominees in 13-15 districts. The leaders, who returned to Bangalore on Wednesday, hoped that Yeddyurappa would be summoned soon to the capital for hold talks to retain him . When contacted , Eshwarappa said the meting in Delhi was successful.Yeddyurappa said he hadn't told anyone to take up his cause . \"I've already quit the BJP. The process has begun to launch a new party,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17041610", "title": "Makeshift bus station at parking ground soon", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The parking ground at the old vegetable market compound is likely to be converted into a makeshift KSRTC bus station once the construction of the shopping-cum-bus terminal complex begins at the present bus station yard, which is near to this ground.Though talks on this are going on between KSRTC officials and the municipality, a concrete decision has not yet been taken.According to municipal officials, if the parking ground, which is over an acre, is converted into a temporary bus station, space will also have to be provided here for office buildings and waiting rooms.It will benefit the public as the parking ground is just a few metres away from the bus station. \"Since it's for the development of the town and as there is no alternate space, the move should be welcomed,\" said a council member.Earlier, there were talks of shifting the KSRTC bus stand temporarily to Nagambadom. But many feel that would only increase the traffic congestion in the town.The municipality had plans for a multi-level parking plaza at the parking ground. But according to municipal sources, the project did not get government clearance.And though talks on making this space a makeshift bus station are progressing, the municipality is currently going ahead with its plan to make it a pay-and-park ground.Now the ground is open to all for parking free of cost. \"Soon the municipal council will fix rates for parking here,\" said Sunny Kalloor, municipal chairman. He also said the municipality still nursed the dream of constructing a multi-level parking plaza here, but lacked sufficient funds for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17041721", "title": "National Institute of Technology car zooms past Formula One tests", "text": "ROURKELA: A Formula One car designed by 25 undergraduate students of National Institute of Technology, Rourkela (NIT) won many accolades at the SUPRA SAE-2012, the racing event that took place at the Buddh International Circuit recently. The car, \"Road Runner\", was ranked second runners-up in skid pad test, sixth in overall design, ninth in autocross test, 12th in acceleration event and 18th in overall ranking.The participating teams had to qualify through two rounds of scrutiny to reach the final round. The first round was held at Pune in which 117 cars brought in by engineering students from across the country participated. Sixty-three qualified for the second round at Noida with 25 going into the final round. The \"Road Runner\" was also the only car from Odisha to qualify for this national-level competition.In the first round, i.e., Virtual SUPRA SAE the designs were approved by automobile experts from leading firms such as Maruti Suzuki , Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, John Deere, etc. \"The car had to go through various stringent tests like tilt, noise level and the dreaded brake tests before being allowed to compete in dynamic events such as skid pad, auto cross and acceleration in the second round and finally race on the tracks,\" said Mohanta.\"In the tilt test, the car was first tilted 45 degrees and then 60 degrees to check for any leakage. Our car passed the test after minor modification,\" he said. \"In the next noise-level test, our car registered the lowest noise-level in the competition,\" he added.\"Then there was the dreaded brake test. It was important for us because our team had been disqualified last year,\" he said, adding that the team glided through. In the last round, the car was driven by two drivers for two laps each. \"The first two laps were driven by super final year, Abhishek Swain and the last two by pre-final year Anand Amrit,\" Mohanta said, adding that the competition was victory for every team member.\"The car is equipped with state-of-the-art lateral 'n' longitudinal G sensors, RPM sensors and a self-developed GPS tracking system,\" said Mohanta,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040849", "title": "Flight operations to and from US may restart today", "text": "MUMBAI: The New York and Newark airports stayed shut for the third consecutive day on Wednesday owing to superstorm Sandy, leading to cancellation of flights to and from the US. However, with the superstorm having passed the East Coast, airlines are hoping to restart operations from November 1.On Wednesday, the two direct flights to the US from Mumbai were cancelled. Airlines bound for the US from other hubs, like Jet Airways from Brussels to Newark, cancelled its flights. The airline said that flights may resume from Thursday, depending on the repair work at the US airports. Swiss Air and Lufthansa also cancelled flights. \"Once connectivity is restored, passengers waiting to return and to fly to the US can plan their trips,\" said a Fort-based travel agent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17042161", "title": "Ex-CM runs into Karnataka Janata Party glitches", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's plan to get a bicycle symbol for the Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) won't be a reality. \"Bicycle is not a free symbol and KJP can't get it,'' said sources at the election commission . He'll have to choose one of the 84 free symbols.However, after choosing a symbol, he can try for exclusivity . A new amendment allows a registered party to seek a symbol exclusively for itself. But, there are certain conditions - it'll be only for one election and the party should contest a minimum of 10 seats .However, the bigger problem is from the workers of KJP. He may have had an understanding with party founder Padmanabha Prasanna Kumar but the cadres have already made their ire plain . They're agitated as they weren't consulted before an understanding was reached with the former CM. In Tumkur on Tuesday, the KJP workers clashed with Yeddyurappa's supporters which indicates the election of Yeddyurappa as KJP chief may not be a smooth affair , if things are not sorted out before December 10. He's expected to announcing his entry into the KJP.As per the party's constitution, the former CM has to be elected as the chief and it could require holding of the annual general body and executive committee meeting . Once a party is registered with the EC, it has to function as per its constitution and by-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039979", "title": "Lt Gen set to move Army court on Suhag elevation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The deep fissures within Army's top brass continue to fester with a lieutenant general planning to move the Armed Forces Tribunal against the decision to appoint Lt Gen Dalbir Suhag as the Eastern Army Commander. Lt Gen Suhag is expected to be the next Army chief, when Gen Bikram Singh retires in 2014.According to sources, Lt Gen Ravi Dastane, deputy chief of the Integrated Defence Staff, is set to move the Armed Forces Tribunal challenging the appointment of Lt Gen Suhag as the head of Eastern Army Command. The move also raises an unexpected challenge to Lt Gen Suhag's possible elevation as the Army chief after Gen Singh demits office.The move comes within months of last Army chief Gen V K Singh's unprecedented decision to move the Supreme Court on the issue of his age. After the SC shot down his contention, Gen V K Singh retired under controversial circumstances only to emerge within weeks as a bitter critic of the UPA government. On Monday, Gen Singh demanded immediate dissolution of Parliament.Sources said Lt Gen Dastane's contention is that he was unfairly denied the chance to become an Army commander. Instead of appointing him a commander, the Army kept the post of Eastern Army Commander vacant for Lt Gen Suhag, who was then under a vigilance ban \u00e2\u20ac\u201d part of action against a flawed intelligence operation under his command -- by Gen V K Singh. After Gen Bikram Singh took over as Army chief, the ban was lifted and Lt Gen Suhag appointed as the Eastern Army Commander based in Kolkata.According to Lt Gen Dastane's supporters, he was one of the three senior-most lieutenant generals eligible to be appointed an Army commander on May 31, 2012 when Gen V K Singh and Western Army Commander Lt Gen Shankar Ghosh retired.The senior-most was Lt Gen Suhag, who was under vigilance ban then. The second in line, Lt Gen Sanjiv Chachra, was appointed Western Army Commander. The other vacancy for Army commander was not given to Lt Gen Dastane and was instead kept vacant for Lt Gen Suhag.Lt Gen Dastane is expected to plead that he be promoted as an Army commander with retrospective effect from June 1, 2012, which would make him the senior-most lieutenant general qualified to become Army chief on July 31, 2014 when Gen Bikram Singh retires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040430", "title": "Punjab bans vulgar songs in buses to stop accidents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If the khap panchayats believe eating chowmein can lead to an increased libido and that spicy noodles were behind the recent rise in rape incidents in Haryana, then the transport minister of Punjab thinks playing \"vulgar and provocative music\" in buses can cause road accidents.Punjab transport minister Ajit Singh Kohar on Wednesday banned drivers from playing \"vulgar and provocative songs\" in the state-run transport buses as a preventive measure against fatal accidents.According to Kohar, vulgar music is a great distraction for those behind the wheel. \"Frequent playing of vulgar music in buses not only generates mental pollution among passengers but is also instrumental in fatal accidents due to distraction,\" he said.The minister has issued the ban orders to the state transport department, asking officials to implement the same with immediate effect.Kohar said strict action would be taken against drivers violating the order.To keep an eye, and an ear, on the lovers of \"vulgar songs\", special teams would soon be set up to conduct random surprise checks on the state transport buses, said a senior official of the transport department.Agreeing that there has not been any bus accident caused by vulgar music in recent memory, the officials added that \"prevention is always better than cure\".The officials said the state censor board would be of great help in marking vulgar songs. The Punjab government has already constituted its own censor board following protests against many Punjabi singers, who are accused of demeaning women in their sexually suggestive songs.The transport minister has also asked the passengers to inform him if they came across drivers playing vulgar music. The state transport department has a fleet of 3,500 buses for the state and inter-state travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17042265", "title": "DK police crack Kodimbala double murder case, arrest 2", "text": "MANGALORE: The DK district police have cracked a murder-for-gain case by arresting two persons on Tuesday. The accused Mohammed Rafiq, 33, of Somwarpet and Kamaruddin, 29, of Karaya in Belthangady had allegedly murdered Baby alias Thomas and his wife Mary Thomas . The bodies of the couple were found at their residence in Undila in Kodimbala village on September 26.Superintendent of Police Abhishek Goyal said the accused had run into personal debt due to their vices. Kamaruddin, a lorry driver, befriended Baby when the latter had shifted from Kerala to Kodimbala and constructed a house there. Kamaruddin who had a fair idea about Baby's personal wealth hatched a conspiracy with his friend Rafiq to kill the couple and take away their valuables and money, the SP said.The accused hatched the plot three months prior to its execution, the SP said adding that they finally struck on the intervening night of September 25 and early hours of September 26. Rafiq in fact went to Somwarpet on his motorcycle and brought two knives used for the crime, the SP said. The duo arrived at Baby's house around midnight and sought a drop to their village pretending that their motorcycle needed repair and Baby obliged, he added.When they reached Bollur Cross, the accused asked Baby to stop the vehicle. When he did so, they slit Baby's throat and took away his gold chain. Later they reached Baby's house in his car and with his body in the co-passengers seat. There they fatally assaulted Mary, ransacked the house and decamped with jewellery and Rs 27,000 in cash along with mobile phones. Police found Baby's body in the car and Mary's in the house. The case was registered at Kadaba police station in Puttur taluk.The SP said that since the accused had no prior history, it was difficult for the police to crack the case straight away. Police have recovered the cash, knives and motorcycle used for the crime and efforts are on to recover the gold jewellery sold by the accused at various places, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040589", "title": "Blast accused sent to custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court sent a suspected Indian Mujahideen terrorist, allegedly involved in the Pune blast case, to 14 days of judicial custody.Additional sessions judge Kaveri Baweja sent Sayed Firoz alias Hamza (38) to judicial custody till November 13 after he was produced before the court on the expiry of his police custody. Hamza was arrested on October 1. The court also fixed November 8 as the date for hearing the plea of Mumbai Police seeking the custody of four other suspected IM operatives allegedly involved in the same case.Meanwhile, another court issued a fresh production warrant against 26/11 key handler and LeT operative Abu Jundal who could not be produced before it, being in the custody of Gujarat ATS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040445", "title": "No auction of mining site sans proper environmental clearance, HC tells Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday did not allow the Punjab government auction of a mining site without proper environmental clearance.The high court was apparently not satisfied with the government's plea that a proper mechanism had been evolved to follow the guidelines issued in accordance with environmental clearance for mining. The court gave the directions while taking up an ongoing case pertaining to mining in Punjab.When the matter came up for hearing, the Punjab government counsel requested the court to permit mining for a while as ban on mining was resulting in illegal mining, causing loss to the exchequer. The counsel informed the bench that environmental clearance had been obtained for mining.The court, however, questioned that 32 specific conditions and 21 general conditions had been imposed with the environmental clearance and what mechanism had the state evolved to implement these. It also observed that without the mechanism, it was not keen to allow the mining, if it was causing environmental degradation.The court also made it clear that it had not banned mining but only issued directions against carrying out mining without proper environmental clearance and implementation of conditions imposed in it.Taking up a similar petition pertaining to excavation for bricks in the state, HC asked the Punjab government to file an affidavit, informing the total number of cooked and uncooked bricks lying at kilns in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17043937", "title": "Tabu has a strong Chennai connect", "text": "The actress, who was in the city recently to promote her Hollywood with award-winning director Ang Lee , Life of Pi, was excited to be back in the city. Tabu said that she has always had a strong connect to the city considering she has many good friends who live here and has worked with people from the industry here as well.The Namesake actress added that it was great that even for this landmark Hollywood film with Ang Lee, it was around Chennai that they started shooting. \"This movie is historic. This movie will always be spoken about in the history of cinema,\" she added. The actress also said she was proud to have worked in this film which showcased her country beautifully. In fact, some of the actress's friends in the city, who hadn't seen her in a long time, made it to the event just to meet up with her. She was visibly very happy to see them.As for the film, Tabu plays the role of Pi's mother which was shot extensively in Puducherry and Munnar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17043745", "title": "Business school launches new education program", "text": "MUMBAI: The Stanford Graduate School of Business, with a faculty that includes three Nobel laureates, has established itself as a global leader in management education and has built an international reputation based on educational programs designed to develop insightful, principled global leaders.The Stanford Graduate School of Business (GSB) Executive Summit brings together Stanford alumni, leading executives, and leaders from around the world in order to explore Stanford's latest research-based business frameworks and the power they have to positively impact your organization.The institute has announced the Stanford Ignite program, an eight week, part-time certificate program teaches innovators how to formulate, develop and commercialize their ideas which is currently being planned in Bangalore. This innovative program provides exposure to both the fundamentals of business and the practical aspects of identifying, evaluating, and moving business ideas forward.\" As we continue to strengthen our core, we are advancing our work to integrate education technology into our curriculum, expand distribution of digital content, and extend our global reach through these and other strategies,\" said a senior official from the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17041991", "title": "Urban development authority accused of flouting norms", "text": "DHARWAD: Residents of Narayanpur area in Dharwad staged a demonstration in Dharwad on Wednesday accusing the Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority (HDUDA) of violating norms while allowing development of a layout.The residents alleged that the HDUDA had permitted development of Gyanba Golden Glades Layout which adjoins Narayanpur where construction plans not conforming to the rules have been approved. They alleged that officials of HDUDA had been hand in glove with the developer in violating the norms. The new layout falls in the ward represented by former mayor Poorna Patil.\"The illegal constructions are affecting the residents of Naraynapur adversely. HDUDA officials have flouted norms while permitting construction on plot no. 1A/2 and 1A/3 measuring 4.07 acres. Those carrying on the construction activities have not left space for the construction of connecting roads to the residential layouts and even encroached the storm water drainage. As a result the natural water flow has been blocked,\" the protestors said.HDUDA chairman Lingaraj Patil rushed to the spot and promised to look into the matter and set the things right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17041504", "title": "Bid to sabotage GIS: BSNL", "text": "INDORE: In what could have been a major embarrassment for Madhya Pradesh government at the Global Investors' Summit, the BSNL has claimed to have averted a bid to sabotage the event.\"Some anti-social elements had dug up a of about 4 ft depth in Nipania area of the city and burned the main optical fibre after snapping it in a bid to disrupt the communication system at the event in the intervening night of 28 and 29 October,\" said the senior general manager BSNL (Indore), G C Pandey.The BSNL which was the official provider of communication service for the entire show has lodged an FIR in this connection against the unidentified persons with Indore police here on Wednesday.Confirming the incident, A Sai Manohar, DIG, said, \"I don't see any terrorist act into the episode as the unidentified person had burnt the optical fibre, after cutting it, rather than stealing the same. We have begun our probe into the matter. We are looking at various angles which include whether it was an act of rivalry or just an insider's job.\"BSNL had provided communication for GIS. It provided 100 MBPS leaseline plus 2G and 3G services plus fibre to house (FTTH) for the camps of the state chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan and the state industry &amp; IT minister, Kailash Vijaywargiya, during the whole event. The firm had laid 5.5 km of optical fibre from Meghdoot Park to Labh Ganga, the venue for the event, which attracted an investment proposals to the tune of Rs 4.31 lakh crore for the state from within the country and from abroad.Talking to ToI, GC Pandey, senior general manager, BSNL Indore, said, \"We didn't allow the person to do so as we had kept our Plan B ready to meet such an eventuality. Normally, we keep Plan B and even Plan C ready on such occasions\".Had the state-owned telecom firm completely relied on a single plan, it might have resulted in total disruption at eh venue with lots of dire consequences which include some of the investors could have decided not to invest in MP which would have further resulted in a loss of a host of new jobs for the aspirants, said Pandey.However, when we called on the CM to apprise him of the matter, he first extended his sincere thanks to the BSNL team for the act, added he. Not to mention that the firm is busy celebrating vigilance awareness week these days.Giving the details about the services provided by BSNL for the show, which resulted in making the entire venue a wi fi zone, Pandey said, \"For the whole event, we had deployed 50 employees. We found that at a time a maximum of 90 customers of BSNL used wi fi during the event. Though we spent a total of Rs 15 lakh for the entire service provided by us, we would be charging merely a sum of Rs 5 lakh from the state government against the facility, said he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17043765", "title": "Ruia College hosts Aqua Life 2012 exhibition", "text": "MUMBAI: After receiving tremendous response in Pune, Nashik and Mumbai, LaukikCreation along with CIFE (Central Institute of Fisheries Education) is back again with the Aqua Life 2012 Exhibition of the 500 rare and endangered species of the Fish, which will be held in at Ruia College, Dadar (East) from November 2 to 7 between 10.00am and 9.00pm. Shri Patangrao Kadam, Maharashtra Forest Minister will inaugurate the Exhibition on November 2, 2012.Big fishes like Shark, Piranha, Oscar, Catfish, and Discus would remain the main attraction of the exhibition. There are about five huge sets for sea fishes containing about 5,000 varieties of the creature in a single tank. Various colours of fishes, their movements, and their fun can be experienced in 3*3 feet space also. The Laukik Creation, Pune has tried to bring 120 such tanks at a one place with a huge display.\"The Exhibition would also provide information about instruments to be set up an aquarium and how to use them. It would explain where to keep a fish tank as per Vastushastra,\" said Laukik Soman of Laukik Creations, the organizer of the show further said \"We also presenting this time a huge display of 18 feet made up of exotic plants.\"Laukik Soman adds \"What is significant is that even doctors have agreed that day-to-day stress can be reduced by 50 per cent only by observing a fish tank for 15 minutes.\"The Central Institute of Fisheries Education conducts an educational course in fisheries, which is designed in such a manner that it encourages people to relate theoretical knowledge with actual experience. Students come from all over the nation to learn the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17042112", "title": "A long wait for meters", "text": "BANGALORE: Wednesday dawned on Venkatappa Layout , KR Puram, with a demonstration organized by a local politician. The processionists were celebrating the launch of Cauvery water in the area.Vimala Somashekar, a homemaker, was drawn out of her house by the demonstration . She should have been cheering the news about Cauvery water supply as she has been spending one hour daily to get borewell water from a neighbour's house some 50 metres away. But Vimala knew that all the brouhaha would not bring any immediate change in her daily routine.The blue pipeline slated to bring Cauvery water to her residence passes right into her building. With time, parts of the pipe have sunk into the earth. \"This pipe has been there for a long time. We have been told that we have to now apply for a meter and only then water supply will start,\" said Vimala.Vimala, however, said she can't wait for that day. \"At least I wouldn't have to worry about dragging a pipe all the way to the neighbour's house and checking if the tank is filled,\" she said.While there are some like Vimala who are yet to apply for a meter, there are others who have applied for one but are waiting for the authorities to give the connection . Like Chintraviah, resident of A Narayanpur who has applied for the meter but it is yet to be installed . His daughter, Shambhavi C, I BE student, said, \"We have built a huge tank to collect water released by the erstwhile CMC.''\"Waiting for the water is Shambhavi's job. If we are not around when the water is released, we have to summon private tankers. If Cauvery water comes, it will be a relief for my daughter,\" the father said.Rajashekar, residing on NSR Road of A Narayanapur , spends Rs 600 every time he gets a water tanker for a refill. He spends another Rs 50 daily to buy mineral water for drinking.\"I have to submit a fresh form for the meter and have to pay Rs 2,040. The authorities have promised to fix the meter soon. The day Cauvery water flows into our tap will be a big day,\" said Rajashekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17041659", "title": "Kochi has no trust in police's locked house register scheme", "text": "KOCHI: Over 500 cases of house break-ins have been reported in the city in the last five years.Yet, residents are not keen on alerting police when they go on vacation keeping their houses locked for days together. The reason is simple: they just don't trust police.\"Residents can't be blamed for not cooperating with police. Nobody wants to share information about their absence with police as people don't trust them. There have been incidents of nexus between police and criminals. We don't want to take a chance,\" said Ernakulam district residents associations' apex council (EDRAAC) president P Rangadasa Prabhu.Though city police have introduced a scheme to collect the details of locked houses to help police patrolling teams conduct regular checks on such homes, residents have been sticking to their normal procedure of requesting their neighbours to keep an eye on their houses. \"Police launched the locked-house register scheme in association with residents associations.But there have been no initiative from police to take residents into confidence for the successful implementation of the scheme,\" Prabhu said. Kochi range inspector general K Padmakumar said police have devised the scheme to bring down crimes. \"Only if people cooperate with us and provide information, we will be able to deliver better.\"As per the scheme, residents leaving town on vacation are to inform the time and date of their departure and arrival at the nearest police station. After collecting the details, police will send patrolling teams to make regular checks on these residences.\"We know about such a scheme. But so far, no person has come forward to register his/her house,\" said a police officer. Kochi city commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said the scheme was still active and it was up to residents to cooperate. \"A few people have been utilizing the scheme. They inform the respective police stations when they leave, locking up their houses for days together,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17041705", "title": "Indira Gandhi's penultimate meeting venue lies neglected", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi had addressed her last public meeting on October 30, 1984, a day before her death, at the parade ground in Bhubaneswar. The state government later converted the ground into a park in her memory. Prior to the meeting at the state capital, the Congress leader had addressed a gathering in Pasta village, 20 km from here. Though the state government had planned to convert the ground into another memorial park, the proposal is yet to materialize.On the 28th death anniversary of Indira Gandhi on Wednesday, a large number of villagers and Congress leaders gathered at Pasta to remember her. They criticized the district administration for its failure to acquire land for the park. The project was planned by the Congress-led government in 1997.\"The authorities have failed to build even a statue of Indiraji at Pasta ground even after 28 years of her death,\" said Debendra Sharma, president of the district Congress committee.\"The authorities had tried to acquire six acre land in 1997 for the park, but they ran into stiff opposition from locals,\" said Pramod Jena, a villager.President of Kendrapada Citizen Forum Amar Biswal and local Congress leaders said they were utterly disappointed that the proposed memorial park had not been built at the ground.Akbar Ali, a senior Congress leader and former chairman of Kendrapada municipality, said, \"It is not an environmental issue. I don't think the park would affect the greenery of the area. Some people with ulterior motives have deliberately stalled the project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17042137", "title": "Bihar WRD schemes await inclusion in FMP", "text": "PATNA: The shifting of erstwhile Union water resources minister P K Bansal to the railways ministry and his replacement by Harish Rawat might not result in any substantial reorientation in the stance of the ministry of water resources towards the pending issues of Bihar, but water resources department (WRD) minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary would have to retune his vibes with Rawat.The first opportunity for this could have occurred on Tuesday, as a meeting of water resources ministers of various states had been convened on the day in Delhi. However, the meeting was deferred to a date to be decided later. Expectedly, Rawat would utilize the intervening period to familiarize himself with the concerns of the Union water resources ministry.\"It is true that the agenda for the October 30 meeting was not Bihar, but something always transpires at the sidelines of such meetings,\" said a Bihar WRD official.The matter related to Bihar requiring consideration of the Centre are five major anti-erosion projects started by the state WRD with its own resources under plan head, hoping that the expenditure would be reimbursed by the Centre. These projects are Bagaha Town Protection Project (Rs 58 crore), raising and strengthening the embankment between Adhwara and Khiroi rivers (Rs 167 crore), Ismailpur Bindtoli protection work on the Ganga (Rs 23 crore), Gandak Pipra-Piprasi embankment and anti-erosion work (Rs 14.50 crore) and Ramayanpur anti-erosion work (Rs 10 crore) in Katihar district. The total amount involved is Rs 272.50 crore.Meanwhile, Ganga Flood Control Commission (GFCC) had earlier stated that the aforesaid five schemes posed by Bihar WRD to GFCC for inclusion in the Flood Management Programme (FMP) of the Union ministry of water resources are \"yet to be approved by the competent authority.\" GFCC, in the context of the same, had intimated the WRD, vide its letter dated July 6, that the \"plan scheme for FMP during 12{+t}{+h} Plan is yet to be finalized and approved\", and, therefore, \"the request in respect of above schemes for inclusion under FMP cannot be processed presently.\"GFCC has also noted: \"As soon as the plan scheme for FMP during 12{+t}{+h} Plan is approved and guidelines for the same are available, the above schemes would be processed for consideration of the ministry of water resources for inclusion under FMP. Further, it has also been intimated that in view of the above, the request for inclusion of the schemes under the FMP of ministry of water resources for 12th Plan may not be treated as pending with GFCC as the same would be required to be processed in accordance with the guidelines for FMP schemes for 12th Plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040073", "title": "Four students hurt in Outer Ring Road mishap", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nine persons, including a woman and four students, suffered injuries in separate road accidents on the outskirts of the city on Wednesday. Four engineering students--Vinay Reddy, Lohit, Sankeerth and Srinivas Rao--suffered injuries when their Skoda car in which they were travelling crashed into Outer Ring Road (ORR) fencing at Pedamberpet.The mishap occurred at 1.30 am when the students were returning to the city after a party at Balijaguda village on the outskirts. Vinay Reddy is the son of Karimnagar additional SP Janardhan Reddy. Immediately after the incident, the students called their family members for help and they were rushed to various hospitals in the city. The Hayatnagar police said no case was booked and all the students were out of danger.In another accident, four persons, including a woman, were hospitalised with minor injuries after a Bolero vehicle went amok at Ghatkesar.At 9.30 am, the Bolero vehicle coming to the city rammed into a bike and then hit a woman standing at a bus stop in Ghatkesar. Three persons riding the bike and the woman sustained injuries and the driver of the Bolero fled from the spot. Police said all the injured were out of danger and a case was booked against the Bolero driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17042219", "title": "Bank jobs are back on radars of Gen Next", "text": "MANGALORE: With the growing banking sector opening up more employment opportunities, more are more youngsters are taking a keen interest in the sector. For the past few years, coaching centres in this part of state is seeing an increase in the number of bank job aspirants joining them.Ganesh Hebbar, director of TIME, a coaching centre for various entrance exams said that the trend started two years ago. \"A decade ago banks had stopped recruiting. In 2010, the trend got reversed after banks started filling up vacant seats. Two years ago we had about 30 students. This year, over 400 students have joined our institution to prepare for entrance exams conducted by banks to clerical and probationary officer's posts,\" he said.\"Close to 88,000 bank posts are vacant and the starting monthly salary in banks is more than Rs 15,000. As a result the demand for bank jobs have increased,\" he added.Syndicate Bank retired chief officer Jaga Jeevan Das, who established Nethravathi Career Training (NCT) in early 2000 to give coaching for bank job aspirants, said, \"Three years ago there were only about 20 candidates in the centre. This year, the number touched 100.\"\"Earlier, banks conducted separate entrance exams and most times the test centres will not be in Mangalore. For the past few years the Institute of Banking Personnel Selection is conducting bank exams for several banks and an examination centre has also been opened in the city. These can be the motivations for the youth to opt for a career in the sector,\" Das added.Taking a note of the development, Besant Women's College in association with the Corporation Bank started coaching classes for bank job aspirants in 2010. Besant Women's College principal KT Manjula said, \"People had a perception that bank jobs are restricted to BCom graduates. But, today they are aware that graduates from any stream can get jobs in the sector.\"Colleges like SDM College and University College are also conducting coaching classes for banking jobs applicants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041523", "title": "Girls discover freedom behind the wheels", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi girls are in no mood to allow the boys take the lion's share in fun and play. They, too, know how to enjoy without being interrupted. Girls choose to roam around in their gearless two-wheelers almost anytime of the day in and around town, whether it is on their way to college, coaching or simply for shopping and hanging out with friends. Monica, a student of St Xavier's College, said, \"I never liked depending on my brother or father for going out. Also, I felt guilty when they had to waste their time for me. So I decided to buy a two-wheeler and now I am really enjoying the rides with my friends all over the city. I feel more independent.\"The two-wheelers they possess allows them to go on outings with friends. Priyanka, a student of Women's College, said, \"My friends and I love going for shopping, picnics and having a two-wheeler makes commuting more fun. We are eight girls in our group, out of which five have two-wheelers, the rest ride pillion.\"It also saves on time and helps them commute with ease. Priya, a student of Women's College, said, \"When I did not have a two-wheeler I had to think twice before going anywhere as autos do not ply on many routes. So I had to walk a lot. Now that I ride a two-wheeler, I save much more time and can go anywhere without a second thought.\"The multi-coloured bikes and scooters available in the markets have also become a fashion statement for many. Sameera, a student of St Xavier's College, said, \"I bought a yellow two-wheeler which describes my personality, bright and chirpy. My friends also went for the colours which describe them best.\"Another reason as to why the girls prefer two-wheelers over travelling in public transport is safety. Stuti, a student of Marwari College, said, \"When traveling in an auto, the men sitting next to us try to nudge us inappropriately. Also it is really unsafe to travel in the autos after dark. At least, in our own vehicles we can be sure that we will not be troubled by men and if somebody tries to follow us we can always escape.\"Where most of the young girls prefer two-wheeler as a means of conveyance others think having a car is a better option. The number of women enrolling in the local driving schools has also increased in the past few months. Amit, manger of a driving school, said, \"The number of women enrolling in our school has increased in the past one year. Most of the women who are joining us are office goers and hail from well-off families who think driving a car is better than travelling in public transport.\"Pratigya, an employee of a private firm, said, \"I return late at night everyday from office and it's not safe to travel either in a two-wheeler or in a public transport. In such situations, car is the best option as you are safe inside it and usually at night people do not notice that a woman is driving. Also car is much more convenient as it prevents you from all kinds of weather.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17039759", "title": "Visakhapatnam gives realty a booster shot", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The ailing real estate story of Andhra Pradesh is finally on its way to recovery. And giving it the much-needed 'booster shots' is the port city of Visakhapatnam that's selling an astounding 2,000 homes every month. Also on its way to completion here, are as many as 20,000 apartment units that are expected to be ready to occupy over the next few years. Not surprising then that property prices in this fast emerging investment hub are now on a par with the hi-tech pockets of Hyderabad such as Madhapur and Gachibowli.After a rocky recessionary patch, rates in the central business district of Vizag have touched a high Rs 4,500-5,000 per square feet (sft), while the peripheral zone now flaunts a price tag of anywhere between Rs 2,000-2,500 per sft. This, when the average going rate in the capital city, doubly struck first by the meltdown and then by the `T' agitation, is still struggling to cross the Rs 3,000 per sft mark.Queuing up to buy cozy homes in the port city are not just locals (salaried class and mid-sized businessmen) but also `migrants' and NRIs, most of them with an Andhra connect. And apart from the picturesque landscape, what seems to be drawing them to invest in Vizag is the promise of better connectivity -- thanks to the recent international status of its airport -- and hope of IT companies/industries expanding their bases in the city soon.\"Post-recession, Vizag was one of the earliest markets to recover. While others took two-three years, this city bounced back in a year. The going rates here are better than the 2005-06 boom period,\" said Raja Srinivas, president, Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India ( CREDAI), Visakhapatnam chapter.While the demand, according to Srinivas, is the highest in core city areas comprising MVP Colony, Pandurangapuram, Chinna Waltair, among others, pockets on the outskirts such as Madhurawada, Gajuwaka and Gopalapatnam too have been witnessing a decent footfall.Alongside mid-sized apartments, even sprawling villas priced at anywhere over Rs 1 crore are expected to spring up in the port city soon. \"There is a growing demand for premium properties here. NRIs, doctors, businessmen are all eager to invest in this city, which has come to become an ideal 'second home' destination for buyers,\" said M V V Satyanarayana, managing partner of M V V Builders, one of the prominent construction companies operating in the city.But while the 500 and odd local developers seem content with the pace of realty growth in Vizag, industry biggies from Hyderabad confess that they are still apprehensive about its future. And at the root of their concern is the failed prediction about Vizag turning into a real estate hub overnight __ even over-taking the capital city __ after the Telangana crisis hit AP. While the 2009 episode had markets thick with speculation about prices in the city doubling or even tripling with a multi-fold rise in demand, that has clearly not been the case. Even assumptions about professionals (largely with IT companies) moving away from trouble-struck Hyderabad to settle in Vizag have not come true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041490", "title": "ICC keen on day/night Tests, but some still sceptical", "text": "The International Cricket Council (ICC) and the Board Of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) are like parallel railway lines. They will run alongside, but never meet. They have clashed on DRS and its use, they have not been on the same page as far as the scheduling of the IPL and a separate window for it go, and over player availability for drug testing. Expectedly, they don't see eye to eye over the possibility of Test matches being day/night affairs.The ICC, on Monday, gave its approval to day/night Tests and put the onus on the member Boards to decide on whether they want D/N Tests and the type and colour of the ball to be used. \"The home and visiting boards will also decide on the hours of play which will be six hours of scheduled play per day,\" ICC had said.On Wednesday, the BCCI expectedly came up with a negative response to the ICC move. \"We were the first to experiment with this and our experience was not so great,\" BCCI CAO Ratnakar Shetty said, adding, \"At this stage, we have no such proposal.\" The experiment that Shetty is referring to was the Ranji Trophy final between Mumbai and Delhi at Gwalior's Roop Singh Stadium, in 1997. It was a massive challenge for the bowlers, especially spinners as there was heavy dew and the ball had to be changed frequently. Mumbai, led by Sanjay Manjrekar , piled up 630 and dismissed Delhi for 559 and ended up winning the title thanks to their first innings lead.While Cricket Australia has endorsed the ICC decision and even lauded the move, the BCCI will be happy that their apprehension is shared by top Australian players Adam Gilchrist and Mike Hussey .\"I'm not a fan of night Tests. I love Test cricket how it is,\" Hussey, probably one of the last cricket romantic currently playing, said on Wednesday. \"I am just worried that by playing D/N Tests sometimes it can be too much of an advantage depending on batting under lights or in the day. When I played D/N Sheffield Shield games earlier in my career, I did notice a big difference and I would hate a Test match to be decided by a team unluckily having to bat at the most difficult time. I would prefer day Tests.\"Former Aussie wicketkeeper-batsman Adam Gilchrist mirrored those views. \"I've played D/N first class cricket a few years ago. I must admit, I found it difficult. Conditions don't remain the same as what they are in early afternoon,\" he told TOI in Bangalore during a promotional event on Wednesday.Getting more specific, Gilchrist said, \"It seems batting with the red ball under lights is a different proposition. When conditions change significantly, the match situations can change significantly too, and that takes the evenness out of the contest in terms of timings of innings change and who's batting last and so on.\"And it's not just the conditions, there seems little logic in experimenting with D/N Tests in countries like England and Australia where Test cricket is well attended and is played to capacity crowds. Test cricket is actually struggling to find an audience in the Asian subcontinent. \"We get good crowds in England. Playing away is obviously a bit different. It's up to the two participating boards to decide what they want. But until we find a ball that survives, I don't think we should play at night. I played in a day-night first class game for Nottinghamshire against MCC in Abu Dhabi with a pink ball. It was okay to bat during the day, but it swung around corners at night, which is not probably fair,\" said England all-rounder Samit Patel , in Mumbai, on Wednesday.Hussey also feels one should be careful about the ball that teams use when D/N Tests become a reality and doesn't have a great experience to recount when he played with a yellow ball. \"I started with a yellow ball which I thought was ok, but then in places like Sydney it became hard to see and then the orange ball was a bit like a comet and at night time it really went around corners,\" he said.As the 1997 Ranji final showed, D/N Tests could be very tricky if played in India as every venue has something different to offer when it comes to conditions. Indian star Suresh Raina says fog and dew, which prevail in India, make D/N Tests a non-starter.The BCCI may be right about being apprehensive with D/N Tests, but they also need to address the issue of dwindling popular support for Tests despite the country being cricket mad. Countries like Australia are supporting the idea of day-night Tests primarily to make this format more viable in the changing scenario.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039697", "title": "Sarvesh Kumar is new Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra MD", "text": "NAGPUR: Sarvesh Kumar, additional principal chief conservator of forests &amp; nodal officer, was promoted as managing director of Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) on Wednesday.Sarvesh Kumar, a 1979 batch IFS officer, who had handed over the additional charge to Alinda Chandra on Tuesday, took over charge from him on Wednesday.Chandra, who was on deputation with the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) in Delhi, was promoted as managing director for a day and retired on October 31. Sarvesh Kumar will head FDCM till April 30, 2013, when he will retire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17040056", "title": "SGPC pays homage to Indira\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s killer", "text": "AMRITSAR: Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) on Wednesday paid homage to Beant Singh, one of the killers of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on her death anniversary.Beant and another bodyguard Satwant Singh had assassinated Indira at her residence in New Delhi on October 31, 1984. The assassin was shot dead immediately after and the SGPC, which manages the Golden Temple, observes this day as \"martyrdom day of Bhai Beant Singh\".Golden Temple's granthi Giani Rawel Singh, manager Harbans Singh Mallhi and Satwant Singh's brother, Waryam Singh Agwan, were among those who participated in bhog (ceremonial completion) of the 'Akhand Path' (uninterrupted reading of Sri Guru Granth Sahib) in memory of the assassin. The ceremony was held at Gurdwara Jhandae Bungae inside the Golden Temple complex.Hazoori Ragi (residential singer) Bhai Shaukin Singh recited kirtan on the occasion and Waryam Singh was given siropa (robe of honour).SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar and Akal Takht Jathedar Giani Gurbachan Singh stayed away.Malhi refused to comment, but Waryam Singh hailed Indira's assassins while blaming her for the attack on the Golden Temple. \"Beant Singh, Satwant Singh and Kehar Singh are the martyrs of the Sikh nation and their anniversaries should be observed under the aegis of Akal Takht,\" he said.This comes days after SGPC performed bhog of Akhand Path in memory of former Army chief Arun Vaidya's assassins -- Harjiner Singh Jinda and Sukhdev Singh Sukha - inside the Golden Temple on October 9. Vaidya was the Army chief when the Operation Bluestar was launched to flush out terrorists holed up inside the Golden Temple in June 1984.Earlier, Lt-Gen K S Brar, who had led the operation, was attacked in London. He later lashed out at the Punjab government for appeasing hardliners and said it could lead to the revival of terrorism in the backdrop of the construction of a controversial memorial for those killed during the Operation Bluestar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17042427", "title": "PMO likely to take a call on dilution of National Investment Board\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s powers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment ministry stuck to its guns against the finance ministry's proposal for a proposed National Investment Board (NIB) at a meeting called by Pulok Chatterjee, principal secretary in the Prime Minister's Office (PMO), on Wednesday.The green ministry's sustained opposition to a finance minister-led panel taking decisions on behalf of the Cabinet could lead to a rethink over vesting NIB with sweeping powers, and now the PMO is likely to take the final call in the matter.The meeting was called after Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan opposed NIB as devised by the department of economic affairs (DEA) to overrule ministries and take decisions on clearances for projects above Rs 1,000 crore. Natarajan had slammed the move, calling it 'unconstitutional' and 'completely unacceptable'.Sources said the meeting saw the environment secretary counter the DEA's proposal noting that not only would NIB in its current form fall foul of Supreme Court orders and existing laws but could also spell trouble for Centre-state ties since land is a state subject.The battle between the finance and environment ministry had turned ugly, with insinuations doing the rounds that the latter was attempting to act as an independent arm outside the Cabinet's purview. The environment ministry had countered the perception, arguing that there was a qualified difference between collective responsibility of the Cabinet headed by the Prime Minister and a new body being created under a ministry fomenting conflict of interest.Earlier, in her letter to the PM, Natarajan had noted that the proposal in its existing form sought changing rules of governance and handing over regulatory powers to the finance ministry, whose primary job is to promote industry and investment. She had cited that NIB proposed to shift decision making from the green minister to the finance minister as head of the NIB coupled with the rules of how the Cabinet functions were being altered without debate within the government.Suggestions were also made about tweaking the existing proposal to set up a mechanism that would not require amending the rules of business transaction of the government and also do away with creating a separate decision-making centre.The environment ministry has informed that the expert bodies that currently review the projects are not only mandated by the existing green laws but also backed by several Supreme Court orders. So, NIB would not be able to justify overriding decisions and recommendations of such panels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17042167", "title": "Plastic ban in Mangalore taluk from today", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore taluk will be plastic free from this Rajyotsava Day. The taluk will impose a blanket ban on plastic on Thursday.District in-charge minister CT Ravi will officially impose the ban by inaugurating an awareness jatha which will commence from Mangala stadium at 7.30am.Ravi had directed deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda a few weeks ago to impose the plastic ban in Dakshina Kannada district. Accordingly, DC has issued a circular in this regard and the ban will be in force in the district from Thursday.Channappa Gowda said that 15 days will be given for people to educate themselves against the use of plastic. \"A vehicle with two home guards will be deployed to impose the ban. People will be educated against the use of plastic in the initial 15 days. However, later a penalty ranging from Rs 500 to Rs 1000 will be levied from those who violate the order,\" he said.\"A meeting of shops and establishment owners will be convened to seek their cooperation for the ban. They will be insisted to use alternative bags made of paper, cotton, terry cotton and other biodegradable materials instead of plastic. District administration has already ordered 6,000 bags made of terry cotton material and it will be distributed among petty shop owners and traders to create awareness among them,\" the DC said.MCC TO SUPPORT DISTRICT ADMINThe issue also figured in the monthly meeting of Mangalore City Corporation council where K Harish Kumar, commissioner, said the civic body will abide by directions given by the district administration with regard to the ban.The landfill site at Pachchanady will be handed over to the successful bidder - IL&FS; - under the three-package solid waste management scheme of MCC within a month.\"The company in turn will use the plastic collected separately during the door-to-door collection arrangement that the civic body will be starting soon - to produce oil,\" the MCC commissioner added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040574", "title": "Man who blew lid off Maharashtra irrigation scam seeks VRS", "text": "MUMBAI: Vijay Pandhare, the Nashik-based irrigation department whistle-blower, is believed to have sought voluntary retirement on Wednesday. Sources said the chief engineer faced constant harassment from some of his colleagues following his revelations about large-scale corruption in the department.Pandhare had written to the CM and top bureaucrats alleging a Rs 35,000 crore scam in dud projects in the past decade. P 7Pandhare was unavailable for comment, but government officials confirmed that he wanted to take VRS and quit. His application on Wednesday to the state government came on the same day his boss M E Sheikh retired as head of the Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute (MERI). P R Bhamre replaced him as MERI chief.Pandhare, who is the chief engineer (MERI), had two and a half years left for retirement. \"Engineers and contractors had ganged up against him,'' said sources. In the past couple of years, a few upright officials from the water resources department had put in their papers allegedly because they could not handle the political interference. They are C S Modak, secretary of water department, H Y Kolwale, executive director of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation, and N B Ghuge, who was chief engineer (Gosikhurd).Pandhare's post in MERI was important because all the tender estimates of irrigation projects were sent for scrutiny to this agency. \"The techno-legal scrutiny and review of safety aspect of dams are done by MERI,'' said sources.Early this year, Pandhare, who is a member of the state-level technical advisory committee, wrote a stinging 15-page note to the state government, blaming the politician-officer-contractor nexus for the mess.\"An investigation into the functioning of all the state irrigation corporations would easily reveal irregularities worth Rs 20,000 crore in the past 15 years. Irregularities in lift irrigation schemes would prove that Rs 15,000 crore was totally wasted,'' said his letter. \"Officials and politicians are aware of the fact. But in order to float major tenders and get a big cut from them, huge cost estimates for these projects were prepared,'' he added.Interestingly, the letter claimed that the misappropriation started during the Shiv Sena-BJP rule when the saffron alliance established the Krishna Valley Development Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041743", "title": "Complaint over death of IAS officer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s father-in-law", "text": "CHENNAI: T R V Anandarajan, brother-in-law of Chhattisgarh IAS officer Alex Paul Menon, who was kidnapped by Maoists earlier this year, has lodged a police complaint stating that his father T R Venugopal died because of medical negligence in a city hospital. The complaint said doctors made a deep cut in the intestine while they did a surgery to remove the gall bladder. This led to severe internal bleeding.Venugopal was in the hospital for 22 days. He was declared dead at 2.45pm on October 10. Anandarajan, a research scholar at Anna University filed a complaint with the Aminjikarai police who have issued a CSR (community service register) certificate on the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040570", "title": "Doctors not sure if Rathi death suicide", "text": "NEW DELHI: Postmortem examination of industrialist Akanksha Rathi's body has left the panel of doctors at Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital puzzled. Highly placed sources said doctors are regarding the unnatural death as a 'borderline case' between suicide and murder. A team of doctors will now examine the scene of crime \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Akanksha's house in Dwarka Sector 3 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to form a clear opinion.Doctors and police officers who met at the hospital on Wednesday could not arrive at a possible motive for someone to murder the 32-year-old, sources said. Police will try to recreate the scene of Akanksha's death on Thursday and then examine both possibilities. \"Circumstantial evidence to ascertain the nature of death is very important. Three knots (in the dupatta) on the frontal portion of the neck can be tied by self or another person,\" said a source.Police sources said the hospital authorities had unofficially informed them that strangulation was the likely cause of death. However, the role of sedatives cannot be ruled out until the degree of sedation is ascertained.Police are waiting for the postmortem report to decide on their course of action. So far, they have carried out the probe as inquest proceedings, a norm in case of unnatural deaths. Meanwhile, two text messages recovered from Akanksha's cell phone on Wednesday are expected to shed light on the case.The central forensic sciences lab will examine the messages to ascertain their date, time and origin. If the messages are found to have been sent close to the time of death, and doctors confirm the nature of death as suicide, police may press abetment charges, treating the messages as suicide notes.One of the messages was sent to Akanksha's friend Kanika although it was addressed to another friend. It reads: \"They went to Indore. They destroyed our photographs. They destroyed each and every memory we shared together. They killed him. What do they want now? Do they want to kill me also?\" Akanksha's mother Anita Singh said the error in addressing the message could be due to Akanksha's emotionally disturbed state. Akanksha always referred to her in-laws in the third person, Anita added.The other message was saved in the phone's drafts folder, and reads: \"Mom, I am killing myself. I cannot take it anymore. These people don't treat me properly.\" The date and time of this message have changed as it has been opened, read, and saved at the time of exiting. DCP southwest AK Ojha refused to say whether Akanksha's in-laws will be booked for abetment, as investigations are still on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17042029", "title": "13.5kg gold ornaments seized in Anjar", "text": "PALANPUR: Static surveillance team (SST) of the Election Commission (EC) seized close to 13.5 kg gold ornaments valued at nearly Rs four crore in Anjar on Wednesday.The team stopped a car for checking at Chitrakoot Circle in the town and found the huge quantity of jewellery. On being questioned, the person transporting the ornaments could not provide any satisfactory answers.Returning officer of Anjar Dinesh Hadiya said, \"The man carrying the valuables identified himself as Vinod Lawana, a salesman of 'Swarn Kala' jewellery shop located on CG Road in Ahmedabad. On scrutiny of the documents, the voucher mentioned the weight of the jewellery as 15.50 kg. Vinod, however, could not reply satisfactorily nor give the names of the buyers to whom a part of the ornaments were sold.\"Lawana told the officials that the jewellery was to be delivered to some shop. However, he could not even give the name of the person or the firm in Bhuj.\"We have seized the ornaments and handed over the matter to income tax department,\" said Hadiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041929", "title": "How Surat did it: Some lessons for Bangalore", "text": "As night descends on Surat, you see hundreds of workers scrubbing the roads. This massive clean-up operation, taken up after the outbreak of plague in 1994, has now become a habit with the civic authorities.What is most striking is that 18 years after the epidemic, the city has completely shed the stigma of being one of the filthiest cities in Gujarat. Much of the credit goes to the then municipal commissioner SR Rao, an IAS officer who is currently on deputation to the Union ministry of commerce.The city has embraced concepts like zero-garbage roads, handing over waste clearance to private operators and micro-level management of cleaning and dusting activities.\"The first thing we started after the plague outbreak was night cleaning and brushing of the roads and all the litter spots,\" says EAH Pathan, executive engineer in-charge of waste management at Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC).\"It is the micro-level work of cleaning that has paid dividends. We have designed 15-17 sanitation wards per zone and a sanitation wing that has workers who help in carrying out cleaning and disposal work,\" he adds.The city grew in size: from 126 sqkm last decade to a sprawling 326 sqkm today, with population jumping from less than 16 lakh 18 years ago to 45 lakh today.Today, SMC spends around Rs 45 crore annually to keep Surat clean. Over 300 vehicles go door-to-door and collect about 750 tonnes of waste daily. And transfer stations dump the garbage at the landfill at Khajod.SMC started a public participation scheme to incentivize the residents. In the last three years, about 600 societies joined and are paid nearly Rs 1.5 crore by the civic body.It's just not about dumping waste. SMC has been generating compost and green fuel on PPP basis. \"Cleanliness is at the foremost as it concerns public health and environment . Shortly, we will start generating power from our waste,\" said municipal commissioner Manoj Das.Some measuresNight cleaning, brushing of city roadsPrivatization of waste collectionDoor-to-door garbage collectionPublic participationConversion of waste into power", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17039945", "title": "HolidayIQ to launch 'hiq!PAD' for tourism in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: HolidayIQ.com, the holiday information portal, announced the launch of \"Goa to the power of HolidayIQ\", a first-of-its-kind initiative that aims to improve traveler experience in Goa by generating hotel reviews in the coastal state using 'hiq!PAD'. The campaign will last till February 2013.Announcing this at a press conference, HolidayIQ founder and CEO Hari Nair said that 'hiq!PAD' is a tablet device with a customized application for each hotel. It will enable guests to share reviews of the hotel and the reviews will be uploaded to HolidayIQ.com website so that millions of other travelers can benefit from the experience of the previous travelers.The hiq!PAD will also work as a consultant to hotels , by providing them analytics to track customer feedback in real time and modify their offerings to improve customer experience.\"The hospitality industry in Goa will gain immensely from this campaign as traveller reviews, on the numerous hotels, generated by HolidayIQ.com can be tracked, and help them in building their brand image and establish their popularity,\" Nair said.Holiday IQ has roped in celebrated musician Remo Fernandes to compose the anthem for the campaign called 'The hiq! song'(a hiq! is a review on HolidayIQ.com). The song will not only capture the essence of the campaign, but his love for Goa as well.\"Goa is my home, and one always wants what's best for one's own home. Because Goa is India's most sought out destination, too much blatant ripping off of tourists has been going on here in the form of sub-standard quality and quantity of services rendered. For the very first time the end customer, i.e. the tourist, will have an open international platform to voice his praises and criticism. This can only inspire the poor the simplest private guesthouse can get wonderful HIQs. And I'm all for Goa gaining in a constructive way. That's why I'm all for HIQ.\" said Remo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040608", "title": "Court rejects wife\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plea for alimony", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has denied maintenance to the estranged wife of a priest after she was unable to show that she could not maintain herself.Additional sessions judge Rajneesh Kumar Gupta dismissed the woman's plea, upholding a trial court's order denying her maintenance.Taking note of the woman's income tax returns for various years, the judge said her financial condition was not such that she cannot maintain herself. \"The income tax returns of the assessment year 2004-05 and 2005-06, which is in the name of the petitioner (woman) shows her income as Rs 1,04,502 and Rs 1,67,267 respectively...,\" the court observed.The woman had come to the sessions court against the magisterial court's judgment, seeking a monthly maintenance of Rs 15,000 from her former husband, a priest. In her plea, she had said she was left \"penniless\" and was living at the mercy of her sister for her requirements, while her former husband was earning more than Rs 35,000 per month.The priest, on the other hand, had contested her plea saying that he was earning only Rs 2,500 to 3,000 per month whereas his divorced wife, who is also the head of a prayer group, was earning more than Rs 50,000 per month and was also a co-owner of a house in west Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17042314", "title": "Judge told to inspect prison", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Wednesday directed the principal sessions judge at Trichy district to visit the Central prison there on a habeas corpus petition filed by an advocate, J Vijayan.In his petition, the petitioner, who is also a human rights activist, contended that two detenus, M Sekar and V Rajendran, who have been lodged at the Trichy Central prison are being ill-treated by the jail authorities.According to him, Sekar had been languishing in jail since July 2008, while Rajendran is in judicial custody since November 2004.He alleged that both attacked brutally by the authorities and that the other inmates/co-prisoners were not allowed to see them.\"It seems their life is in danger,\" the petitioner contended.The petitioner sought the court's direction to hold an inquiry by the principal sessions judge at the Trichy Central prison and further direction to the jail authorities to send the two detenus to the hospital to get treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17042072", "title": "Culling operations on in Hesaraghatta", "text": "BANGALORE: Some 19,235 chickens, 13,342 ducks, 369 emus, one ostrich and 11,939 eggs were culled till Wednesday at the Central Poultry Development Organization (CPDO), Hesaraghatta, where an outbreak of bird flu was declared last week.The birds have been culled and disposed of as per guidelines , the animal husbandry department said. The sanitization process of sheds and pens in which the birds were housed is in progress.Surveillance work in the 10-km radius within the bird flu epicentre is also on.About 119 serum samples and 119 cloacal samples were collected and submitted to the laboratory.No unusual death of birds was noticed in the surveillance zone or in any part of the state, the release said.Chicken 42 a kgOwing to the bird flu scare, prices of live chicken in the city sharply dipped to Rs 42 per kilo on Wednesday from Rs 54 on Tuesday. Dressed chicken of popular brands too became cheaper as their prices fell to Rs 120 per kilo from Rs 150, according to dealers. Some of the poultry manufacturers have called a meeting of dealers and retailers to take stock of the situation in the wake of dwindling prices of poultry products owing to lack of demand. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040266", "title": "Man commits suicide over failed love affair", "text": "BHOPAL: Upset over failed love affair, a 27-year-old man allegedly committed suicide here on Wednesday. The police said that the body of the deceased Mohit Agrawal, a resident of Arera Colony, was found hanging in his guesthouse in Shweta Complex in Shahpura.\"The deceased was having an affair with a Bangalore based girl. He opted for the extreme step after his love affair failed,\" said city superintendent of police, Rajesh Bhadoria.The police have also recovered a suicide note from the spot in which deceased stated the same reason for committing suicide. He was reportedly in touch with the girl in question through phone but decided to end life after his relationship failed. The deceased had also apologized from his parents for ending his life, the police added.Agrawal was a computer operator. His father Ramesh Chandra Agrawal is reportedly a retired official. His family had no clue about the girl.Police have also ruled out getting the mobile number of the Bangalore based girl in question that could have further thrown some light into the incident. Further investigation remains underway in the incident, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17043904", "title": "56% recruiters claimed that campus placements will be lesser this year: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 56% of the 125 recruiters surveyed by a job search site said that the campus placements in 2013 will be lesser. With placement season around the corner, the survey indicates that there will be a considerable drop in student intake when compared to last year. However, colleges claimed that the pre-placement offers made to students is on the rise and does not show signs of a slowdown.The survey was conducted with recruiters across sectors to gauge an understanding on the campus hiring outlook for 2013-14 and the key challenges faced by them on-campus.While recruiters who hire only management graduates said that they will visit lesser campuses and will hire fewer students, recruiters hiring only engineers had divided opinion. About 50% said that there will be a drop in campus hiring numbers and the rest claimed that they will maintain the recruitment similar to last year.Among the recruiters in the IT sector, 53% of them said that campus hiring will not be affected because of the ongoing slowdown, while 47% said that they will lower their intake in 2013 as compared to last year. The survey was done by Firstnaukri.com, an online portal which is exclusively aimed at searching jobs for fresh candidates.Commenting on the finding, Deepali Singh, Business Head, Firstnaukri.com said, \"Amid the economic uncertainty, most companies are cautious about their campus hiring and do not want to go overboard. However, as the survey suggests companies will still continue to hire but may lower numbers when compared to previous years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17040875", "title": "After lull, fresh storm brews over presidential poll", "text": "WASHINGTON: Hurricane Sandy has hardly died down and there is a tempest brewing on the American political landscape over which presidential candidate will gain from the storm, unseemly as the question might be amid large scale damage and destruction on the eastern US sea board and some eight million people still without electric power.The commentariat throwing up this question is leaning towards US President Barack Obama , saying because of his position he is in the limelight and the fact that he can make executive decisions and appear presidential works to his favour. Whether he is mindful of this or not, Obama has completely forsaken campaigning for three days running and immersed himself in monitoring rescue and relief works, leaving political animals to forage for the fallout.Republican challenger Mitt Romney , meanwhile, resumed campaigning in Florida on Wednesday after taking a day off on Tuesday to encourage donations to the Red Cross. His camp too has stayed off politicking over the storm, but is closely watching the president for any potential missteps that can translate into electoral advantage. The disastrous handling of Hurricane Katrina by President Bush and his team is on everyone's mind.Despite efforts by both sides to appear above politics, the storm and its aftermath has focused attention on two things - the role of big government, a conservative sore point, and the downgrading of climate change issues, a liberal pique.Romney and his Republican flock are getting a shelling for a badly-timed pre-storm critique of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), which plays a key role in relief and rescue during and after disasters. As part of his campaign against excessive government oversight and intervention, Romney had suggested abolishing FEMA and shifting some of its role to states.The Republican candidate repeatedly ducked questions relating to his position on FEMA on Tuesday even as Obama, as if to endorse the Democratic faith in government's primacy, made a stopover at the agency headquarters in Washington before embarking on a tour of badly-hit New Jersey. Obama has been strengthened by expression of thanks for federal help from New Jersey's Republican government Chris Christie, who was one of his most trenchant political critics before the storm spun him around.The political downside for Obama though comes from the fact that almost all storm-affected states on the eastern seaboard are Democrat-leaning (Blue) states. If relief and rescue is not quick and efficient, and if life does not return to normal before Election Day next Tuesday, resentment and poor turnout at the polls could affect the Democrats.The president is still expected to carry New York, New Jersey, Maryland, Connecticut, and Massachusetts in terms of electoral votes, but a reduced popular vote in these states will increase the possibility of a split verdictof the kind in 2000 that is increasingly being discussed.In 2000, Democratic candidate Al Gore won the nationwide popular vote, but narrowly lost the Electoral College, allowing George Bush to become president, with some help from the nation's supreme court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17042030", "title": "PMC pulls down rally banners after CM fumes", "text": "PATNA: Hoardings, banners and posters put up all around the city in the run-up to the JD-U's November 4 Adhikar Rally at the Gandhi Maidan had even the statues of national icons at the roundabouts covered. While the officials looked the other way for several days, chief minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday reacted furiously and within no time many of such hoardings and banners were pulled down.\"The chief minister directed the district administration that all illegal hoardings, posters, banners and flags be immediately removed from the busy squares,\" said Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh. Singh activated the PMC which not only removed the 130-odd banners and posters but also collected revenue from the party men concerned who have put up welcome arches at different places in the city.PMC's additional commissioner Chandrama Singh told TOI they cleared the Income Tax roundabout, JP roundabout and Patel roundabout, among other places. Incidentally, the statues of Jaya Prakash Narayan and Sadar Vallabhbhai Patel had been fully covered by the JD-U banners, some of them featuring controversial netas.A sum of Rs 1.79 lakh has been collected so far for 12 of the welcome arches. \"We are now getting calls from other JD-U leaders, inquiring about the payment to be made for the hoardings and arches and we hope to receive the payments soon,\" a PMC official said.Urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar said the PMC officials were surveying and collecting revenue from those who have put up rally advertisements. \"Political banners and posters will not be allowed to cover private advertisements,\" he added.Though PMC sources denied that they had instructions to remove posters featuring any particular politician, many of the banners and posters featuring JD-U MLA Annu Shukla's husband and former MLA Vijay Kumar Shukla alias Munna Shukla went missing on Wednesday. Munna, currently serving life term in the Muzaffarpur jail for killing former Bihar minister Brij Bihari Prasad, has been in news these days for allegedly making calls for extortion money to make preparations for the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040026", "title": "Banjara Hills accident: Death toll rises to six", "text": "HYDERABAD: The death toll in Tuesday's vegetable van accident in Banjara Hills rose to six with two more victims on Wednesday succumbing to their injuries while undergoing treatment at Gandhi Hospital.On Tuesday, a DCM van carrying vegetables to the Bowenpally market, overturned near GVK One mall on Road Number 1, Banjara Hills.Four farmers died in the accident while 17 others suffered injuries. All the victims were either farmers or their family members from Pulapally village who were sitting atop the vegetable sacks mounted on the DCM van.Of the 17 injured admitted at Gandhi hospital, M Narasimha Reddy, 70, a farmer and H Narasimhulu, 18, an Intermediate second year student from Pulapally, succumbed to their injuries on Wednesday.Narasimhulu was the eldest son of farmer Antaiah. Banjara Hills inspector E Chandrasekhar Goud said that the condition of the 15 other injured was out of danger.DCM driver Ramchandra Reddy, who fled from the spot after the accident, is still absconding. Police claimed that the driver has not returned to his house following the accident and said that efforts were on to track him down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17042117", "title": "Contract teachers' procession paralyses Patna", "text": "PATNA: Thousands of contractual teachers, who are up in arms against chief minister Nitish Kumar for rejecting their demands, took out a silent procession from Gandhi Maidan to R-Block here on Wednesday, bringing the vehicular movement to a virtual standstill in the city.The traffic police had a tough time in putting the movement of vehicles on the right track for nearly two hours. Exhibition Road, SP Verma Road, Kargil Chowk, Station Road and Bailey Road were chock-a-block with vehicles. At crossings, serpentine queues of vehicles including school buses were seen standing.\"This was a very small procession when we compare it to the expected turnout in the 'Adhikar Rally' on November 4 at Gandhi Maidan. If the Patna traffic goes haywire due to this small procession, what will happen on the rally day. I think it will be better not to come out of houses on November 4,\" said Swati Sinha, a student.According to the traffic police, drivers who opted for connecting roads just to avoid the jam at Bailey Road left even that road jam-packed. \"Many of the drivers tried to use Hartali Chowk to avoid the traffic jam on Bailey Road and it led to more chaos in small lanes towards R-Block and Gardanibagh,\" said Ramesh Kumar , a traffic cop, adding that Boring Road, Pataliputra and Airport area were in a better condition due to several connecting roads to divert the vehicles.\"We have a certain deadline to deliver the food items within stipulated time frame which I could not afford to miss. I preferred narrow lanes to main road to reach the destination as early as possible but to my utter surprise even that lanes were choked with vehicles. I had to face great difficulties in delivering the food items,\" said Prateek, a delivery boy of multinational food chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17040298", "title": "Disinterested in studies, 12-year-old girl commits suicide by hanging", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 12-year-old girl hanged herself to death at her residence in Nallampalayam on the outskirts of the city. Police said, the girl was not interested in studies and since her mother advised her to continue, she took the extreme step.The deceased, B Vidya of Nallamapalayam was a class VIII student of Ramasamy Matriculation Higher Secondary School at Kavundampalayam. She was not interested in studies. On Tuesday morning, she told her mother B Senbagam, 40, that she would not go to school. Senbagam got angry over this and advised Vidya that if she does good education, she will succeed in life. Saying this, Senbagam left for a textile shop.Meanwhile, Vidya hanged herself from a ceiling fan using her duppatta. The incident came to light after Senbagam returned home and found the door locked from inside. The neighbours broke open the door and found Vidya hanging from the ceiling. Thudiyalur police rushed to the spot and sent the body to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem.According to police, Vidya often spent her time playing games on her mother's phone and did not do her homework. Her mother had advised her several times to concentrate on studies but the girl was in an infuriated state and therefore took the extreme step.Vidya's body was handed over to her relatives on Wednesday after the post-mortem. A case has been registered by the Thudiyalur police and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17041512", "title": "Woman posing as cop detained", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ellisbridge police on Wednesday detained a woman who was posing as a police officer. Namrata Sharma was staying at the guest house of IP Mission campus near Gujarat College since 10 days A resident of Bhavnagar, Namrata had told the campus authorities that she works in the Gujarat University police station as a police sub-inspector. However, some residents got suspicious because they never saw her in uniform. They intimated the city police control room which got a team of city police to visit the campus on Tuesday evening to verify the complaint. The woman initially introduced herself as a police officer to the cops too. However, she could not prove her claim since she did not have any identity card. Since the police team did not have a woman constable with them at that time, they made no move to arrest the imposter.On Wednesday afternoon, a police team with some women constables reached the campus and detained Sharma. She was handed over to Ellisbridge police station for further questioning. Sharma told the cops that her father was a police constable with the railway police. Police have now contacted their Bhavnagar counterparts to know if she has any criminal antecedents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040755", "title": "Row over hospital\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s water dues", "text": "MUMBAI: The issue of BMC's non-recovery of Jaslok hospital's water bills, came up for discussion at Wednesday's standing committee meeting. Corporators slammed the administration for alleged water misuse by the hospital. Opposition leader D Nikam raised a point of order on the issue.\"For 34 years, a five-star hospital has been using drinking water for its AC cooling plant. A departmental inquiry must be initiated. We also need to recover legal fees from the hospital,\" said NCP leader Rais Shaikh. TNNAdditional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani said in 2007 the BMC found that the hospital was using water for its AC unit without being charged as per commercial rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mysore/mandya", "code": "17042353", "title": "Cauvery Monitoring Committee decision on water release to Tamil Nadu baffles many", "text": "MYSORE/MANDYA: The Cauvery Monitoring Committee (CMC)'s directive on Wednesday to release 5.5 tmcft water to Tamil Nadu has baffled the farming community in Mandya district.Following reports of flood-like situation in Tamil Nadu due to the vigorous northeast monsoon and now the Nilam cyclonic effect, farmers here are questioning the neighbouring state's adamant stand on the Cauvery issue.G Madegowda, president of Raita Hitarakshana Samiti, said farmers do not have any problem if Tamil Nadu gets water through rain in the below the downstream catchment area. \"We have no water. This fact was ratified by the Central expert team which studied the prevailing conditions in Cauvery basin districts and its report was also accepted by the CMC. We cannot hold rainwater below the downstream of our reservoirs. If the state government releases water to Tamil Nadu from reservoirs, we will oppose it tooth and nail,\" he said.Another farmer leader K S Nanjundegowda expressed displeasure at Tamil Nadu's stand. He questioned on what rationale Tamil Nadu government sought more water from Karnataka though it is facing flood-like situation there.\"It is rather inhuman to ask water from water-starved Karnataka when they (Tamil Nadu) are in the grip of flood. It is unfortunate that the CMC too vouched for Tamil Nadu's illogical demands,\" he said.CMC stand irrational: Siddu Meanwhile, opposition leader in the Legislative Assembly Siddaramaiah on Wednesday said the CMC's directive to the state government to release water is illogical.\"Cauvery basin is facing water crisis while Tamil Nadu's Cauvery belt is battered by rain. When we are facing water shortage, how can we release water?,\" he said and urged the state government not to release water again. The water level at KRS dam is 106.68 ft against a maximum of 124.8 ft. It has live storage of 20.136 tmcft and is receiving 1,446 cusecs water. The outflow is 1,490 cusecs. The water level at Kabini dam is 2,264.70 ft (maximum is 2,284 ft). The inflow is 819 cusecs while 102 cusecs is let out.At Harangi dam, the water level is 2,840 ft (maximum 2,859 ft) and receiving 627 cusecs of water. There is no outflow. The level at Hemavathy is 2,898.30 ft (maximum 2,922 ft). Against an inflow of 955 cusecs of water, 350 cusecs is let out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17042354", "title": "Disinterested in studies, 12-year-old girl commits suicide by hanging", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 12-year-old girl hanged herself to death at her residence in Nallampalayam on the outskirts of the city. Police said, the girl was not interested in studies and since her mother advised her to continue, she took the extreme step.The deceased, B Vidya of Nallamapalayam was a class VIII student of Ramasamy Matriculation Higher Secondary School at Kavundampalayam. She was not interested in studies. On Tuesday morning, she told her mother B Senbagam, 40, that she would not go to school. Senbagam got angry over this and advised Vidya that if she does good education, she will succeed in life. Saying this, Senbagam left for a textile shop.Meanwhile, Vidya hanged herself from a ceiling fan using her duppatta. The incident came to light after Senbagam returned home and found the door locked from inside. The neighbours broke open the door and found Vidya hanging from the ceiling. Thudiyalur police rushed to the spot and sent the body to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem.According to police, Vidya often spent her time playing games on her mother's phone and did not do her homework. Her mother had advised her several times to concentrate on studies but the girl was in an infuriated state and therefore took the extreme step.Vidya's body was handed over to her relatives on Wednesday after the post-mortem. A case has been registered by the Thudiyalur police and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039686", "title": "South East Central Railway halts trains at stations with zero earnings", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when Indian Railways is facing a financial crisis, South East Central Railway (SECR) seems to be adding to it by giving stoppages to trains even at stations where there are no earnings. The trains are being halted on demand by politicians.According to information available with TOI, SECR granted 49 stoppages to passenger trains on experimental basis at various stations under the SECR zone comprising Nagpur, Bilaspur and Raipur divisions.However, of these 49 stoppages, 42 are non-feasible giving almost nil or very poor returns. Some stations where stoppages have been given have zero ticket sale. SECR has not only given stoppage at these stations but has also extended it by six months till June 30, 2013.\"The railways have no system to assess whether stoppages at these stations are justified,\" admits a top SECR official seeking anonymity.Stopping trains at stations where there are no earnings is against the Railway Board circular issued in 2005. It states that stoppages should be granted at stations where at least 40 sleeper class tickets are sold and earnings are between Rs4,376 and Rs5,396 each day.Consider the case of Bilaspur division where the SECR's headquarters are located. According to available data, at Pendhra Road, sale of tickets is zero. At Salka Road it is .05 tickets with an earning of Rs5 per day. In Karkeli, ticket sale is .30, an earning of Rs30 whereas in Mulmarora only one ticket is sold.If stations in the region are considered, at Wadsa in Gadchiroli district, average of one ticket is being sold and Amgaon near Gondia two tickets. Tumsar and Tiroda have a sale of 21 and 11 tickets respectively, much better compared to other stations but still not up to the mark set by the Railway Board.\"The SECR is not considering the demand to stop Vidarbha Express at potential stations like Tiroda and Kamptee but stoppages are granted at non-feasible stations. The issue had figured in zonal railway users consultative committee (ZRUCC) on Tuesday at Bilaspur,\" said Pravin Dabli, a ZRUCC member.Dabli added the officials refer to Railway Board circular when it comes to stoppage of Vidarbha Express at Tiroda and Kamptee on experimental basis but trains are routinely being stopped at other places with no earnings.SECR's chief commercial manager (CCF) P R Vazalwar said trains stoppages are granted on public demand based on representations by local leaders. The Railway Board criterion is for granting permanent stoppages and not on experimental basis. He agreed that stoppages should be justified by revenue.Dabli demanded that some unjustified stoppages of existing trains should be withdrawn and Vidarbha Express should be halted at Kamptee and Tiroda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17039335", "title": "Rs 87-crore National Games kitty goes missing in Goa!", "text": "PANAJI: Ever wondered why not even a single National Games project took off during the erstwhile Congress government rule?The Planning Commission has been religiously allocating money to the state government from October 6, 2010 but instead of using the money to build infrastructure for the oft-postponed National Games, the state government has diverted the money elsewhere, leaving the Manohar Parrikar-led-government with not even a penny to spend.\"As per records, the central government has provided additional central assistance to Goa, including soft loans, to the tune of Rs 87 crore - Rs 40 crore (2009-10), Rs 35 crore (Rs 2010-11) and Rs 12 crore - over the past three years. But this money is not to be found anywhere in the Sports Authority of Goa's accounts,\" said a senior official from the sports ministry.The previous government is alleged to have usurped the money and used it on road and irrigation projects. \"When the central government transfers money to the state treasury it goes into a consolidated account. It was for the (then) state government to transfer the money to SAG, but they kept the money in a common pool and used it for other purposes,\" said the official.The Centre - largely swayed by a promise made by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during his holiday here in December, 2007 - had specifically allotted the finances for National Games and, according to the guidelines these funds were not to be used for any other purpose.\"The total sanction is for Rs 260 crore but since we have not submitted a utility certificate for the previous funds that were transferred, those funds are now stuck. We are left with nothing now,\" said the official.If the funds were still available, sources said, the interest accrued on them could have been as high as Rs 16 crore over the past three years. As per the state assembly records, the Congress government had drawn up plans to spend Rs 371.5 crores on building infrastructure for the National Games with contribution from the state as well as the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039679", "title": "CAG refuses to meet RIL officials", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General on Wednesday refused to meet representatives of Reliance Industries Limited saying that the agenda of the meeting, arranged by the petroleum ministry, was loaded in favour of the private sector giant.The federal auditor, which has asserted its mandate to scrutinize the expenditure Reliance claims to have incurred on developing gas fields in the Krishna-Godavari basin, said it would not like to be dictated to by Reliance.The dramatic development comes at a time when Reliance is entangled in a controversy over its alleged role in Jaipal Reddy's removal from the petroleum ministry, and should worsen the clash between the auditor and RIL.The tussle stems from Reliance's reluctance to submit itself to scrutiny by the federal auditor. The company claims that CAG's jurisdiction is confined to financial audit and that it is not empowered to carry out performance audit.The auditor has rejected the charge that it has overstepped its constitutional mandate, and has argued that it cannot evade performance audit of Reliance's expenses on the KG gas field because it was critical for determining government's share of proceeds from the gas.The scheduled audit will be CAG's second on Reliance's KG gas fields and will cover the company's performance between 2008-09 and 2011-2012.In its earlier investigation, CAG had questioned the authenticity of expenditure Reliance claimed to have incurred on exploration of gas. The results of the second scrutiny will be keenly awaited because of indications that CAG may come up with actual estimates of any loss, as distinct from the presumptive ones it made in the case of allocations of 2G spectrum and coal blocks.As oil minister, Jaipal Reddy forbade Reliance from making more investments after the company refused to submit its books to be scrutinized by CAG. The company finally came around, leading the ministry to ask it to provide all relevant documents to CAG. However, it resisted CAG's stand that its investigation would cover performance audit as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17042232", "title": "Stork to visit rhino at zoo in June", "text": "KANPUR: If all goes well, the female rhinoceros at Kanpur zoo will give birth to a calf in June/July next year. Manu's calf will add to the present strength of rhinoceroses in the zoo.Director Kanpur zoo Praveen Rao, while talking to TOI, said five years back, there were two female and three male rhinos in the zoo. The male rhinos chase the females vigorously, after which mating takes place.In 2007, it so happened that female rhino Chhutki was pushed hard against the wall by the male Rohit during mating and the former died of injuries.\"The accident gave a jolt to the conservation programme being carried out by us. Also, it left the zoo with only one female rhino, Manu. Later, there was arrangement of mating with another male Nakul but it was wild and it never succeeded. Finally, in February, Manu and Rohit mated again but with all caution and it was successful. It lasted for nearly two and a half hours,\" said Rao sharing the details.The gestation period of the rhino is 16 months. Presently, Manu has been given a larger enclosure exclusively so that it can exercise properly. The veterinary doctors of the zoo are watching regularly the health and progress of the animal. If everything goes well, Manu will deliver a calf in June/July next year and the strength of existing four rhinos in Kanpur zoo. Manu and Mangal were born in Kanpur zoo.Rao further informed that Rhinoceros Unicornis is also known as Indian rhinoceros, a schedule-I animal according to the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. It is an endangered animal restricted to swampy areas.The main distribution of the animal is in Assam and it was re-introduced to Dudhwa National Park nearly four decades back. This animal weighs around 3 tonnes and the feed consists of 80 kg of fodder each day. About 2 kg of bananas and 1 kg protein concentrate is also given to them.He said that rhinos earlier existed in Terai areas but went extinct. Due to efforts of forest officials, the animal was brought here from Nepal and Assam.Presently, it is breeding well in Dudhwa National park and their numbers are going up every year. Kanpur zoological Park is one of the zoos been chosen by Central Zoo Authority (CZA) for conservation and breeding of rhinoceros.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17041949", "title": "Local problem needs local solution, say experts", "text": "BANGALORE: Surat offers many lessons in tackling garbage but replicating that model in Bangalore may not be a practical solution, feel experts. It's a local problem that needs local solutions, they say.\"The Surat model can be successful provided there is a one-man leader who has the support of the entire civic team. It's like recovering from a war where the situation needs to be brought under control at the earliest,\" says former chairperson of the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board A S Sadashivaiah.In1994-5, the plague-hit, filthy Gujarat city fought back, cleaned up its garbage, maintained high urban sanitation levels and earned the epithet Khoobsurat for its efforts. The man credited with its makeover was its new municipal commissioner SR Rao.\"Local handling of the waste is the best possible solution. The wet compost can find its way to the parks in each ward and the dry waste can be given for recycling,\" says ABIDe member R K Misra.According to Misra, the current garbage segregation initiative ignores practical difficulties. \"Given that BBMP was forced to start it in haste due to the villagers' protest and HC directive, they have been unable to plan for scientific disposal of segregated waste. Their plan to take wet waste all the way to landfill sites 30-50 km away defeats the purpose,\" he says.There is need for detailed planning before acting on a problem, feels A Ravindra, urban expert and adviser to the chief minister on urban affairs. \"It was known that Bangaloreans will not start segregating waste at source overnight. Therefore the need is to adopt practical solutions especially at a time when modern technology is available,\" he says.The city needs short term and long term plans, says Ravindra. The long term one can be a four-step process - collection, transportation, storage and final disposal of garbage. \"Public communication is also important. What the authorities are thinking must be clearly spelt out,\" he says.Offering incentives as in Surat can work wonders too. \"Also, involve the RWAs actively as that would encourage the citizens to play an important role,\" says Sadashivaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040438", "title": "Youth found murdered in Kharadi", "text": "PUNE: A 25-year-old youth was found murdered near Chaudhari Vasti in Kharadi on Wednesday morning.The Yerawada police identified the deceased as Amit Nagnath Gaikwad of Sainathnagar, Vadgaonsheri. Gaikwad, who originally hailed from Solapur, was working at a workshop in Kharadi. He was staying with his married sister at Vadgaonsheri.Senior police inspector Kishor Jadhav of the Yerawada police station said the incident came to light around 7.30 am, when some people noticed a person lying in a pool of blood near Chaudhari Vasti. Police rushed to the spot and identified the deceased.Investigations revealed that Amit had gone out on a motorcycle borrowed from a neighbour, Kedarnath Yengure, on Tuesday night. \"The motorcycle was found lying near the body,\" Jadhav added.A big stone, liquor bottles and snacks were also found near Amit's body. \"We suspect that Amit was bludgeoned to death with the stone. Investigations are on,\" Jadhav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039807", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation officials told to take back land in Mominpura", "text": "NAGPUR: It's shocking! Nagpur Municipal Corporation is charging a measly 11 annual lease for its 13,400 sq ft land in a prime locality in central Nagpur.In 1953, NMC had leased three plots - admeasuring 2,800 sq ft, 2,900 sq ft and 7,700 sq ft - to run a Muslim library. However, the lessee subsequently changed the usage of the plots and started a food joint (ML Canteen) on the property.The lessee also discontinued paying the annual rent from 1986, but NMC's estate department did not initiate any action against the occupant. After a gap of many years, on February 14, 2006, the civic body served a lease agreement cancellation notice. NMC also served a notice asking the occupant to demolish the illegal construction on the said plots. Following this the lessee approached the court challenging NMC's notice.Recently, BJP corporator from the locality, Sanjay Balpande had raised the issue in the civic body's general body meeting. He also pursued the matter and the issue was discussed in the standing committee meeting held on Wednesday. During the meeting the panel chairman Dayashankar Tiwari issued directives to the additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare asking him to take possession of the land after seeking legal opinion.The NMC has prepared a proposal to construct a commercial complex, a library and a community hall there, Tiwari said.The panel also okayed civic administration's proposal to accept 89 bidders from the 106 tenders invited for using private vehicles in NMC related works. For this, NMC had earmarked 2 crore in its annual budget, said Tiwari. However, the fuel hike has increased the monthly rentals of these vehicles between 5,000 to 8,000. For instance, the monthly rent for a Maruti van type vehicle approved by both civic body and standing panel is 17,300, while in 2010 the rent of the same vehicle make was 13,000. Similarly, the rent of Tata Indica has been revised from 15,000 to 22,000 and that of Tata Indigo has been increased from 22,000 to 30,000.Other eight proposals including tarring and widening of five roads, providing proper traffic markings and dress code for health officials were also cleared by the standing committee.The proposals for tarring of major roads including the patch from Kamptee road to Mecca Road, which is billed to cost 1.80 crore, were cleared. The panel also gave its nod to civic administration's 30 lakh proposal to paint important traffic signage.Besides these, the panel has also given its nod to begin family counselling centres at zone levels. These centres will make the women aware about their rights, address issues of domestic violence and other social issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17042157", "title": "Nitish slams his rivals for causing unrest", "text": "PATNA: In an oblique attack on his political rivals, chief minister Nitish Kumar said here on Wednesday that some people were increasingly getting impatient (to come back to power). He asked people to be beware of those afflicted with this 'virus of impatience'.Addressing a function to commemorate the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the CM said some people were getting restive over the atmosphere of social peace and communal harmony prevailing in the state. They have started realizing that under such an atmosphere they would be reduced to nothing. \"These impatient people are trying to shatter this peaceful atmosphere, but they will never succeed in their sinister designs,\" he said.Paying tributes to Patel, Nitish said the Union government never gave him the importance that he deserved, but he made a place in the hearts of the people and enjoyed respect like B R Ambedkar .The CM said, with the help of the people of the state he would certainly get special category status for Bihar. \"I will face all hardships on the way but will never backtrack. This is the demand of 10.5 crore people of Bihar and they will give a crushing defeat to the people spreading virus of impatience,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041198", "title": "World meet of customs officials begins in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A three-day convention of World Customs Organization Regional Intelligence Liaison Office started in Jaipur on Wednesday. The meeting is being attended by 44 foreign delegates representing the Customs administrations of 21 countries and also four multilateral agencies.Various issues of common interest to the customs administrations of the Asia Pacific region will be discussed during the three-day meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17039597", "title": "3 ex-national footballers accused of raping minor", "text": "KOLKATA: National-level footballer and midfielder for East Bengal club Jagpreet Singh and his cook were sent to jail for 14 days on Wednesday, pending investigation into charges that the two raped a 14-year-old girl at Jagpreet's apartment.Police are looking for two more footballers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d East Bengal's Jaspal Singh alias Joseph and Prayag Football Club's Baldip Singh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who are also accused of raping the girl on Monday at Jagpreet's posh pad in Diamond City North complex at Nagerbazar. All three are from Hoshiarpur in Punjab and have played for India on several occasions.When TOI spoke to the victim in hospital on Wednesday, she was still in shock and pain but determined to fight for justice. \"I want my rapists to be given the harshest punishment possible so that no one dares commit such a crime against anybody,\" she said.Jagpreet alias Jasbir and cook Ravi have been charged under Section 376 (gang rape) 2G and 2F (applicable in rape of minors) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC. \"We have launched a manhunt for the other two players and hope for an early breakthrough,\" said deputy police commissioner Kalyan Mukherjee.According to a complaint by the girl's father, who is employed in the apartment complex, Ravi called the girl on the pretext of arranging a meeting with her best friend. She was taken to Jagpreet's rented flat at 1pm on Monday where Jagpreet, Jaspal, Baldip and the cook allegedly raped her. She was allowed to leave at 5.30pm.\"After coming back home, she fell ill. We enquired but she was too traumatized to say anything. Then she broke down,\" the father told TOI in the court premises.The father related the story to some local youths, who barged into the footballers' flat and beat them up. Jaspal and Baldip fled but the locals locked up Jagpreet and Ravi and handed them over to police.The East Bengal Club, however, gives an alibi for Jagpreet. At the time of the alleged rape, he was with the team at Salt Lake stadium for a league match against Pune FC, says a letter sent by the club's manager, G C Das, to Jagpreet's defense counsel Rabin Bhattacharjee. \"On the day of a match, the players are to report at 11am and remain with the team till 5.30pm. The player concerned was with the team and he was not present at the place of occurrence (of the crime),\" the letter says.Bhattacharjee submitted the letter in court and said Jagpreet was being framed for staying loyal to East Bengal and declining offers from other clubs. However, after the police produced evidence, aditional chief judicial magistrate Indranil Chatterjee remanded the duo in judicial custody.Jagpreet and Ravi will line up for a test identification parade before the victim in the presence of the magistrate. Her statement has already been recorded under Section 164 CrPC and she has undergone a medical examination.East Bengal is backing Jagpreet to the hilt. \"The law will take its course and we have complete faith in it. But the club will stand by Jagpreet Singh till he is proved guilty. We have nothing to say about Jaspal Parmar since we released him on September 27. But we can say that Jagpreet was present at Salt Lake stadium for the I-League match against Pune FC on Monday,\" said Debabrata Sarkar, a club official. He did not rule out legal help either.Prayag, however, has suspended Baldip Singh till his innocence is proved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17042146", "title": "Tariq pledges support for Bihar's agricultural growth", "text": "PATNA: Newly-appointed Union minister of state for agriculture Tariq Anwar was given a rousing welcome here on his first visit to his home state after taking oath on Sunday last. At the NCP office, band parties played music and crackers were burst as party men overtopped him with garlands.Anwar said his ministry will extend all cooperation to Bihar and seriously consider its requests and suggestions. \"Treat me as a representative of Bihar,\" said Anwar, who is the only face of Bihar in the UPA-2. For the development of the state, he added, there should not be any politics and he would be always ready to do his bit without any political consideration. Commenting on Bihar's Agri Road Map, Anwar said agriculture was the only industry in the state and all steps should be taken on a priority basis to give a boost to it.A number of party leaders, workers and well-wishers from different districts crammed the NCP office located on Beerchand Patel Path in the afternoon. Anwar was accorded a reception where people lined up to garland him. Apart from NCP workers, a number of Congressmen also arrived to congratulate him.Later talking to media, Anwar reiterated his stand that Bihar needed special package for its all-round development. He said the Adhikar rally called by CM Nitish Kumar to press for grant of special category status to the state was only a 'political stunt' and the state would gain nothing. \"Special status is no solution but special package can lead to changes. Nitish Kumar was an important minister in the NDA government but he never raised his voice for either special status or the package the NDA government at the Centre had promised at the time of bifurcation of Bihar,\" he alleged.Stating that the frequency of his visit to Bihar will increase, Anwar said he would make a courtesy call on Nitish Kumar on Thursday. The CM had phoned in to congratulate him, he added.Replying to a query, he criticized the 'mean-minded' politicians and parties of Maharashtra like Shiv Sena , MNS and Thackerays for inciting Martha feelings against the north Indian people. But at the same time, Anwar praised the NCP chief and his boss at Krishi Bhavan, Sharad Pawar , and said he sent to Rajya Sabha two persons from outside Maharashtra and made a Bihari the minister of state.On the comments of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi about junior Union minister Shashi Tharoor's wife Sunanda, Anwar said Modi was a responsible person but made very cheap remarks. Similarly, the remarks of BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi were also in bad taste, he added. About the charges levelled by Arvind Kejriwal against different politicians, he said he did not want to give any importance to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17040462", "title": "Sandy-hit NRI says he'll rise again", "text": "JALANDHAR: After the Sandy wears off, the Doaba region, the NRI heartland of Punjab, may be left picking up tattered pieces. There are fears of an adverse rippling effect on the local economy as the area is fueled by remittances from abroad and direct spending by NRIs, who come home for winter vacations.Those whose businesses are directly linked to foreign remittances cannot but help think about the recession that hit the US in 2008. The impact of the recession was felt in the country. Hurricane Sandy could have the same impact, and reach.\"The property business in all the four districts of Doaba is largely moved by money from abroad and with our people suffering losses in the US the impact would be felt here. In some cases people may use money from here to revive businesses abroad and that is bound to have a negative impact here. In 2008, the property business was greatly hit in Doaba,\" Phagwara-based realtor Gurpreet Singh Ghag said.The construction industry, which has a large NRI clientele, is facing similar uncertainty. \"Most of our customers, especially of high end products are from the NRI community. Several villages even have shuttering stores and construction material. A major chunk of their business comes from NRIs. The American economy has a bearing on the global economy and we fear a slowdown here,\" said Shivendu Parbhakar of Parbhakar Marbles on NH1.Others who fear the aftermath of the Sandy include consumer goods traders and taxi operators. \"Our business relies heavily on visiting NRIs who hire our cabs,\" taxi operator Honey Sood said.NRI Manjit Singh Dasuya struck a pragmatic note saying that the need of the hour for NRIs was prioritization. The NRI was building a hotel in Tanda but the Sandy forced him to slow down work in Punjab. As of now, it looks like cash registers won't ring for industry back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17041292", "title": "Urban mystery in Bengal death divide", "text": "NEW DELHI: Urban Indians with access to quality healthcare are usually better off than their rural counterparts. But this does not seem to be the case in West Bengal. In a queer trend, urban areas of Bengal have actually recorded a higher death rate than rural Bengal.The Registrar General of India's (RGI) latest death rate data sent to the Union health ministry last week and exclusively available with TOI says that while 6.5 people die per 1000 population, at any given time in urban Bengal, the corresponding figure stands at 6.1 in rural Bengal.The urban death rate of 6.5 in Bengal is also among the highest \u00e2\u20ac\u201d second only to Kerala where the death rate stands at 6.6 per 1000 population. Interestingly, while in most parts of the country, mortality among men is higher in rural India, the trend seems to be the opposite in Bengal.One extra man is dying per 1000 population in urban Bengal compared to those living in rural parts.RGI's Sample Registration Survey data actually shows while death rate among males in urban Bengal is 7.5 per 1000 population, it is actually 6.5 among men living in rural parts of the state. However, the same isn't the case with women. Death rate in rural Bengal among women stands at 5.7 per 1000 population \u00e2\u20ac\u201d higher than 5.4 in urban Bengal. Overall, the state's death rate stands at 6.2 per 1000 population - one death lesser than the national death rate of 7.1.Dr Asit Biswas, state health department spokesperson, said, \"The good news is that the rural parts of the state have the least death rate in the country. Our findings suggest that the urban deaths have tended to be on the higher side compared to the rural deaths due to non-communicable diseases, and accidents, which are significantly more in the urban belts.\" Non communicable diseases are those which are non-infectious and non-transmissible include autoimmune diseases, heart ailments, stroke, cancer, diabetes, asthma etc. \"This can be analysed better only after the report is published,\" Biswas said.Dilip Ghosh, commissioner, Family Welfare &amp; State Mission Director, NRHM, didn't want to comment immediately on the reasons. \"The data needs to be studied comprehensively. But preliminary, a plausible explanation could be that most of our medical facilities are in the urban belts. So a significant number of patients from the rural hospitals are treated at the urban hospitals. \"Another interesting trend brought out by the RGI report shows that the death rate in rural Bengal - 6.1 is among the lowest when compared to other major states. Only two other states record fewer deaths in rural settings \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Delhi (4.7) and Jammu and Kashmir (5.7).Overall in Bengal, one extra man is dying per 1000 population (6.7) compared to women (5.6). The data shows that women in West Bengal stand third in the list of lowest death rate after Delhi (3.9) and Maharashtra (5.5). Earlier, the RGI had finalized data on life expectancy (LE) at birth which also pointed to how women in India are living longer than men.The LE data says that an average Indian lived 4.6 years longer in 2008 compared to a decade earlier. An average Indian woman lived three years more than her male counterpart in 2008.Women were found to have a longer life span than their male counterparts. In West Bengal and Rajasthan, for example, women lived 3.6 years longer than their male counterparts in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040727", "title": "Judgment in Nooriya case likely today", "text": "MUMBAI: A special Narcotics and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) court is expected to pronounce the judgment in the 2010 Nooriya Haveliwala drunken driving case on Thursday. 29-year-old Nooriya, a south Mumbai resident allegedly ran over and killed two people, one of whom was a policeman.Last week, the prosecution and the defence completed final arguments.It is the prosecution's case that on January 30, 2010 Nooriya rammed her SUV, killing two people and injuring three others. She later tested positive for drugs and alcohol. She had partied with friends at a flat in Malabar Hill area, then at a pub in Mumbai Central following which she went to a wine shop to pick up more beer cans. She rammed her later. Nooriya,a beautician, was taken into custody but was later released on bail as the police failed to file the chargesheet within the stipulated 60-day period.The accused was booked under Section 304 (II) for culpable homicide not amounting to murder, rash and negligent act, causing grievous hurt and under sections of the NDPS act. If convicted, she could face a maximum sentence of ten years each under the IPC and the NDPS Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040526", "title": "Maharasthra defers decision on subsidized cylinder cap", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Wednesday deferred a decision on raising the cap on subsidized cooking gas cylinders.While the issue was raised in the state cabinet meeting, no decision was taken.The discussion over the topic ended with CM Prithviraj Chavan contending that a meeting of cabinet ministers would be called in a couple of days to take a call on the contentious issue.According to sources, the lack of comprehensive information on the economic profile of cooking gas consumers was one reason for holding back the decision.While the government has data that the state has over 1.7 crore LPG connections but there is no inventory on the number of below poverty line (BPL) and above poverty line families among them. Opinion among ministers is divided on whether the increase in subsidy should be extended only to yellow cardholders or all those BPL families whose income is Rs 1 lakh or less. A section is also pitching for extension of the relief to saffron cardholders. The Centre has asked all Congress-ruled states to raise the subsidy from six to nine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17040900", "title": "Two daylight robberies in Nashik, Rs 5 lakh stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Despite strengthening check points all across the city, burglars took the city police by surprise by decamping with booty worth Rs 5 lakh in two robberies that occurred within four hours of each other on Tuesday.The first incident occurred on Nashik Road, where an elderly man, Mhalu Pandit Borade, was robbed of Rs 3 lakh.The second robbery took place in the jurisdiction of the Gangapur police. A woman was looted of jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh in the latter incident.Borade is a resident of Borade Mala, Panchak Road, Jail Road, and had withdrawn money from the State Bank of India branch on Nashik Road. He was on his way home on a bicycle, when two unidentified persons intercepted him at a location between the revenue commissioner's office and Kothari Kanya school around 11.30 am. The thieves kicked his Borade's bicycle, knocked him down and fled with the bag that was hung on the bicycle's handle. The bag contained money and the victim's bank pass book.According to Borade, there were four burglars who came on two motorcycles. By the time a compliant in this regard was lodged at the Nashik Road police station and senior police officials rushed to the incident spot, a second robbery occurred where a 46-year-old woman, sadhana Ahire (46), was robbed of jewellery worth Rs two lakh near Akashwani on Gangapur Road.Ahire (46), who is a resident of Soygaon, Malegaon, had purchased gold bangles, a silver idol and a plate from a jewellery store and was walking near Akshardham Apartments, behind Akashwani on Gangapur Road around 3pm when two criminals on a Honda Shine bike approached her, snatched her bag containing the valuables and fled with the booty.The fact that the two robberies took place in broad day-light, has, once again sent a wave of concern among Nashikites. Senior cops said that both robberies must be the handiwork of the same gang, with two groups within the gang executing both robberies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041172", "title": "Deepa Das Munshi turns heat on infra projects in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool Congress-run state government could land in further mess with the Centre deciding to put on hold the release of Rs 600 crore for infrastructure development in Bengal under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) projects.Talking to TOI from Delhi, the Union minister of state for urban development, Deepa Das Munshi, made it clear that the funds would be released only after a proper scrutiny of the past and undergoing projects.Recently, Firhad Hakim, the state urban development minister, had said that the Centre was not releasing Rs 600 crore under the JNNURM to implement infrastructure projects. \"The state minister may have sought the funds, but we are still not convinced with the present status of the JNNURM -funded projects in the state, including those underway in Kolkata. Let us check the minute details of these projects, where the Centre has already released funds,\" Das Munshi said.She expressed her dissatisfaction over the functioning of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) in implementing infrastructure projects under the JNNURM. \"The ongoing projects in Kolkata are not up to the mark. The preliminary reports, which I have gone through, show anomalies in executing the JNNURM projects in Kolkata. It is either abnormal delay or funds diversion, which has created controversies. Before releasing fresh funds to the KMC, I need to check the details of the projects,\" Das Munshi added.Asked about the monitoring of the 'controversial' projects by the Trinamool Congress-run KMC board, the Union minister said that going by preliminary reports, it seemed that the Rs 500-crore sewerage and drainage upgradation project under the JNNURM was progressing at a snail's pace. This apart, a water supply project, meant for the residents of Eastern Metropolitan Bypass, has missed several deadlines. \"I have started gathering information about these projects. Apart from the delay, the civic body seems to have faltered on handling the financial aspects of the projects,\" she said while hinting at an investigation into these projects.The minister also said that she was not happy with the revenue earning of the KMC, a precondition based on which the Centre decided to sanction funds for infrastructure development under the JNNURM.Sources in the KMC, meanwhile, conceded that a couple of infrastructure projects \u00e2\u20ac\u201d undertaken under the JNNURM \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have already missed deadlines. \"The sewerage and drainage projects have been going on for over five years missing several deadlines. Similarly, the Dhapa water treatment plant, designed to cater to the residents of EM Bypass, has been running far behind schedule. But, we expect that the Centre will keep providing funds under the JNNURM,\" said a senior KMC official.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, however, made it clear that all infrastructure projects in Kolkata under the JNNURM are on track. He also rubbished allegations of financial anomalies in the projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17039943", "title": "'May god save this land'", "text": "PANAJI: Mining in Goa is worse than in Bellary and the government has not done much to control mining activity, these, sources said, are observations of the Supreme Court's central empowered committee's (CEC) after it visited mines in Goa and interacted with NGOs.Sources said CEC members made these observations while interacting with NGO's. The CEC had also inspected mining in Bellary and submitted a report on this to the SC. TOI has first reported that illegal mining in Goa was far higher than that in Bellary, Karnataka.Sources close to the CEC said the team was disturbed after visiting four mines in the catchment area of Selaulim dam in South Goa and remarked, \"May god save this land\". Sources said the committee may recommend shutting down mines operating in the dam's catchment area.The CEC visited the state to get a firsthand feel of mining in Goa vis-a-vis the Shah commission report on illegal mining in the state and a petition filed in the SC by Goa Foundation. The Shah commission had pointed out various irregularities involving mining activities in the state.In it field visits, CEC found some mines carrying out activities without approved mining plans, and in others that dumps exceeded the permissible height, sources said. Sources added that the CEC was also concerned about the number of trucks involved in mining activities, as the infrastructure's carrying capacity was already overburdened.A CEC member talking to NGOs said, \"Field visits to mines and discussions with various sections of society have made us aware about the harsh realities experienced by villagers in the mining belt of Goa.\"Later on Wednesday mine owners again met the CEC and explained their position. Speaking to media persons Goa mineral ore exporters' association president Shivanand Salgaocar said \"We made a representation to clarify the queries raised by the CEC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17042096", "title": "DM writes for suspension of two warders", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Muzaffarpur DM Santosh Kumar Mall has recommended suspension of senior jail warder Sanjay Sinha and warder Siyaram Sinha of the Khudiram Bose Central Jail-Muzaffarpur for their failure to prevent former MLA Vijay Kumar Shukla alias Munna Shukla from making extortion calls from his jail ward.The DM has sent his recommendation to the IG (prisons). Proceedings have also been initiated against the jailer, Mall said and added action might be taken against the jailer and more warders responsible for the security of the ward occupied by Shukla.Munna is the husband of ruling JD-U MLA Annu Shukla. Currently serving life term in connection with the killing of former minister Brij Bihari Prasad, Munna hit the headlines last week when he allegedly demanded Rs 2 crore from Sant Lal Yadav, director of a private engineering college in Vaishali, over phone. After Yadav complained to the DM, a raid was conducted in the jail and a cellphone recovered from Munna's ward.Yadav has lodged an FIR in which he has alleged that Munna told him that the money had to be spent on making arrangements for the JD-U's November 4 'Adhikar Rally' in Patna .Sources in the jail said a fresh proposal was being prepared to shift Munna to another jail. In fact, the jail administration had sent a proposal to the government six months back to transfer 20 prisoners to other jails. While 19 of the prisoners mentioned in the proposal were shifted, Munna was left untouched.Meanwhile, two mobile service providers have confirmed to the police that as many as 49 calls were made from the cellphone recovered from the ward of Munna during the last three months. They also confirmed at least seven sim cards were used with the cellphone during the period, according to Satyadev Singh, SHO of the Mithanpura police station where Yadav has lodged the FIR.Singh said while the reply from a cellphone manufacturing firm is awaited, the police have started identifying the recipients of the 49 calls made from the cellphone seized from the ward of Munna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040465", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation razes illegal builldings in Kondhwa", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) demolished over 35,000 sq ft illegal construction in Kondhwa on Wednesday.A press release issued by the civic body said that the action was taken in a sensitive area. \"Construction in Kondhwa Khurd survey number 46 was illegal and a notice was sent to the owner. Ground plus four storeys construction was demolished. In total over 20,000 sq ft construction was demolished today,\" stated the release.Another construction in survey number 65 was also demolished. Ground plus three storey construction spread over 15,000 sq ft was razed. Other illegal structures in the locality were also demolished.Meanwhile, the PMC standing committee decided to offer compensation to the relatives of those who died and to those injured in the Taljai tragedy. A three-storey illegal building had collapsed on September 24, resulting in the death of 11 people. The construction was in a low water zone where only 0.33 floor space index (FSI) is permitted. However, the construction had gone much beyond the permissible limit.\"The PMC had cancelled its annual Shaniwarwada festival following the tragedy. The amount of Rs 20 lakh reserved for the festival will be given to relatives of victims and injured,\" said standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17041728", "title": "Mining firms deaf to order on ops report", "text": "KEONJHAR: As many as 15 mining companies seeking renewal of lease have failed to submit the mandatory report on their past operations.The mining department in Joda had issued notices to 17 companies, including those having captive mines, to submit their reports a few days ago. Though two companies have complied with the government order, the rest are sitting pretty because they feel no one can cancel their leases, sources said.The revelation came even as members of the M B Saha Commission, which is probing the multi-crore mining scam, flew down to Odisha for the third time on Wednesday.Deputy director of mines Ballav Charan Nayak said, \"Out of the total 17 mines, only two have submitted reports. If others fail to submit reports in time, we will inform the government.\"Nayak added: \"After studying the reports, the government will decide on renewing lease of the companies. The government will also study whether companies with captive mines have followed the rules and regulations on using the extracted minerals.\"There were several instances in the past when the mining companies expressed reluctance to provide information in time sought by the government. Some of the mining companies, which were closed due to irregularities, are also operating their mines by obtaining a court or a tribunal order. The mining department has also allegedly allowed illegal mining without challenging the companies' activities in court.Some companies, having captive mines, are also allegedly exporting minerals violating the rules. The Shah commission had also detected one such case in its last visit to Joda mining sector. Even some mining companies are earning huge profits by exporting minerals outside declaring their plants sick.These illegal activities continue at a time when hundreds of sponge iron units and crusher plants in the district were forced close down operations due to lack of mining linkage despite huge deposit of minerals. Thousands of labourers lost their jobs due to closure of the units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17041519", "title": "Policies declared, its time to act now: Local industries", "text": "INDORE: Local industrialists have expressed satisfaction over the number of MoUs signed worth Rs 3.5 lakh crore and the EoIs received by the state government worth Rs 75,000 crore during the three-day Global Investors' Summit (GIS), which concluded here on Tuesday. However, they want the state government to expedite the process of issuing notifications against the 10 newly amended policies announced by the state government during the event.Taking a dig, president of Industries Association of MP, Ashok Badjatya, said, \"The engagement is over, but the marriages are yet to be solemnized. Both the parties, the bride and the bridegroom, have to work out the details earnestly. I would now urge the CM to issue the notification in connection with the newly amended policies as announced by it, so as to give them a legal shape.\"While addressing one of the sessions during the GIS, CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan had urged investors to go for their expansion plans within the state itself, after investing in the state. There are a few instances in which the companies have invested here, but they opted other states at the time of expansion and Pithampur-based Bridgestone being one of them. The director of the company, Ajay Sewekari, said, \"It's true that we have decide to expand our business in Chakan near Pune. Still, I would say that in the newly developed circumstances, I can think of going for part of our expansion plans here itself in future.\"After already having invested Rs 1,100 crore at Pithampur, the Japanese company has decided to spend Rs 2,600 crore in Maharashtra. The reason being that it has already utilized 40% land under FAR and it was left with no room for expansion at the plant.President of Pithampur Industries' Association, Gautam Kothari, said, \"In case the state government allows the modification in the existing FAR (floor area ratio), I do believe that the companies can definitely follow the advice as given by the CM to them.\"As of now, the government has permitted the FAR to the extent of 40% only, whereas it was as much as upto 80% in states like Maharashtra and Gujarat.Talking to ToI, RK Chaturvedi, industry commissioner, said, \"We are now busy preparing a proposal for the upgradation of all the district industries centres within the state. Most of the DICs are currently struggling to have basic infrastructure-related facilities like computer, building and others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041176", "title": "Police case for every public scuffle", "text": "JAIPUR: Calling a truce after a scuffle may not be enough to let you off the policeman's hook. Taking lessons from recent incidents where in groups even after violent a confrontation managed to get away from the law by reaching a compromise between themselves, the Jaipur police have now decided to lodge separate FIRs against each party even after they called the truce.Police explained that since such incidents cause trouble not only for them but also for other people present at the spot, and cases will be lodged against the warring factions for disturbing peace.The decision was taken after the MD road incident in which two groups clashed over a trivial parking issue. Aadditional commissioner of police (crime) G L Meena has asked officers, including circle inspectors of 55 police stations, to take such cases seriously. \"Usually what happens is that groups involved in violent confrontation initially lodge FIRs against each other. Later, either by family or community pressure, they withdraw the cases. But we can't let them go free since they are responsible for causing trouble to many by disturbing peace,\" Meena said while talking to TOI on Tuesday.He said all police officials have been asked to lodge a suo motto FIR in such cases and make prompt arrest by naming the culprits responsible for disturbing peace in a particular region or area.\"In the MD road case, the confronting groups have lodged counter cases against each other. Even if they had withdrawn their cases, we will book them for disturbing peace under Section 107 of the CrPC,\" Meena added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040812", "title": "Common schedule for schools", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To do away with the yearly chaos during admissions at entry-level classes, the UT education department has come out with a common admission schedule for the next academic session. According to the department, the schedule will help bring transparency in procedure in private schools. It has asked schools to display on notice boards or their websites information regarding number of seats and admission criteria, including age. It has also finalized dates for issuing admission forms, draw of lots and depositing fees.However, none of the schools were consulted by the department before finalizing the details. The department officials said a meeting with the heads of private schools would be soon held to discuss the details. Independent Schools' Association (ISA) president H S Mamik said, \"We were not consulted. The common schedule was not required as schools would, as usual, start the admission procedure in two months. We will try to follow the suggestions, but the department must understand that all schools have their own limitations. Most of the schools will be on winter vacation during the dates finalized by the department.\" The ISA will meet in the next two to three days to discuss the schedule. \"This schedule is not a suggestion to private schools. It is a compulsion which they will have to follow. They should understand that it will only help parents,\" said district education officer Ram Kumar.According to the schedule finalized by the department, the admission process will start from November 30, with schools displaying the necessary admission information on their notice boards or websites. The information will include number of seats at the entry level, age requirement, fee structure, admission criteria and documents needed for admission.All schools will issue and receive admission forms from December 5 to 15. The list of selected children and those on waiting list will be displayed between January 10 and 15. Selected children will have to deposit fee between January 16 and 25. The second list of children selected from the waiting list will be displayed from January 28 to 30. They will have to deposit the fee before January 30.Parents have welcomed the decision. \"If there is a same schedule, it will be clear to us where to admit our child. And it will save us from paying fee in two to three schools,\" said Manoj Desai, father of a four-year-old. The department on Tuesday sent the common schedule and procedure for the entry-level classes to all private unaided recognized schools here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17040118", "title": "Driver crushed to death in Anmod lorry accident", "text": "PONDA: The driver of a heavy 10-wheeler lorry was crushed to death after his vehicle dashed against a hill along the road at Anmod Ghat on the Goa side of the border with Karnataka on Wednesday afternoon.The body was retrieved from the mangled cabin of the vehicle only in the evening after cranes could reach the spot where the lorry fell. The lorry was loaded with a number of cement bags.The cleaner of the truck Bhimat Gauda, 35, a resident of Karnataka, was flung out of the vehicle. He was severely injured and has been admitted to Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim.The impact of the mishap was such that the cement bags from the vehicle were scattered on the road and police were in process of searching for any bodies under the bags until late evening, the police said. Collem police inspector Jivba Dalvi informed that the accident took place at around 12.30pm and that they had summoned cranes from Margao police station and a private organization.Both the cranes reached the spot at around 7.30 pm and only then they could remove the body of the deceased driver by cutting the cabin plates.The police suspect that the driver could have lost control of the vehicle on the serpentine ghat roads and could have dashed against the hillock at high speed as the roads were steep. The dead body of the deceased has been preserved in the GMC mortuary for an autopsy to be conducted after his identification.Police have summoned some of the truck operators and drivers to establish the identity of the deceased driver, but met with no success, until late Wednesday evening, PI Dalvi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039861", "title": "Land issue to rock Senate meet again", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University's forthcoming Senate meet is all set to witness uproar over administration's failure to remove encroachments on its various tracts of land despite assurances. Some NU statutory members claimed that the officials not only failed to remove encroachment over its 7.45 acres land adjacent to its Amravati Road campus, which it reclaimed from the government, but also could not vacate several bungalows and houses, which the university received as donations.Already, many past NU employees have not vacated their quarters. These include fake marksheet and revaluation scam kingpin Yadav Kohchade, family of former VC Dadasaheb Kalmegh - quarter occupied since May 25, 1984 - retired medical officer Dr Suresh Lade and research scholar Shaila Upadhyay.During last Senate meeting in March, the members had slammed the NU administration for renewing lease of a school constructed by Khandelwal Education Trust on its land in Kamptee. It was also decided in the same meeting not to grant any land on lease in future and vacate encroachers from its various premises.In contrast, it seems the NU administration has decided to go ahead with renewing the Trust's lease for the next five years after members from a political group allegedly pressurised it. Though the lease will end in 2013, a proposal for renewing it was tabled before Management Council during its recent meeting. The NU administration, instead of rejecting it as per Senate decision, kept the issue reserved.NU had allotted a huge plot admeasuring 11 acres, donated by the Late D Rai Bahadur Laxminarayan, and his bungalow to the Trust for running a school for children of workers from Khandelwal's company on meagre lease of Rs75,000, with a renewable clause. Despite clear directives barring it from doing so, the Trust constructed a new school building and also made alterations in the bungalow without NU's permission.Management Council member Dinesh Agrawal, who had opposed any decision to renew the lease of trust, said, \"When the decision was taken by the Senate in NU's interest, I don't understand as to why a section of administration is favouring the Trust,\" he asked. He asserted that even if NU had to spend on maintenance of its lands, it shouldn't be an excuse for allowing encroachments. \"NU should have taken action against the Trust for constructing building without its consent,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17041768", "title": "Farmers protest 'govt indifference'", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Thousands of farmers from across western Odisha assembled in the town on Wednesday to protest the 'anti-farmer' policy of the state government. The farmers, under the banner of Western Odisha Farmers Associations' Coordination Samiti (WOFACS), demonstrated in front of RDC office and submitted a memorandum addressed to the chief minister.They also warned the government of severe law and order problems in the days to come if the government continues to neglect the farmers and farming. Farmer leaders asked the government to take immediate step to increase the price of paddy to Rs 1,500 a quintal from the present Rs 1050. \"While price of fertilizers, diesel and labour cost have already gone up, how will a farmer manage farming if the price of paddy remains unchanged?\" WOFACS convener Lingaraj said.Farmer leaders from Balangir, Kalahandi, Sundargarh, Jharsuguda, Deogarh, Sonepur, Boudh, Nuapara and Sambalpur highlighted issues related to industrialization and environment pollution which according them will indirectly affect farmers. \"Earlier people of Balangir district were migrating for a specific period. But now they have started migrating round the year as farming cannot be sustained because of irrigation problems,\" Arun Mishra of Balangir said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040116", "title": "Outrage on Twitter over businessman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s arrest", "text": "NEW DELHI: The arrest of a Pondicherry-based businessman on Tuesday for posting \"offensive\" tweets against Karti Chidambaram, son of Union finance minister P Chidambaram , has again stoked the free speech and Internet governance debate. The businessman in question, S Ravi, was arrested under Section 66 A of the IT Act which covers sending of \"offensive\" or \"menacing\" tweets. He was later released on bail. Ravi's Twitter handle could not be traced at the time of writing.The section used against the businessman is the same that Mamata Banerjee had used against professor Ambikesh Mahapatra earlier this year. Activists, and certainly, many on Twitter see the move as unfair. \"Heard the arrest of Industrialist for tweeting against Karti Chidambaram? Where is free speech?\" tweeted @praveenkris. A cheekier @NameFieldmt tweeted the same words that landed Ravi in trouble adding, \"This is a test tweet. Waiting for action.\"Sunil Abraham, director of Bangalore-based group Centre for Internet and Society (CIS) says they have been advocating against Section 66 A ever since the 2008 amendment to the IT Act. \"It goes beyond the constitutional limits on free speech,\" he says, adding, \"That a few tweets by a person from the bottom of the 'Twitter attention pyramid' can cause harm to a reputation is hard to believe.\"Cyber lawyer Pavan Duggal says that it is possible to invoke sections 66 A and 43 in cases like this.\"What counts as 'offensive' is for the court to decide,\" said Duggal, who declined to comment further saying he was yet to come into full knowledge of the details of the case.Mishi Choudhary, executive director of Software Freedom and Law Center, India, says that Karti Chidambaram's move is perfectly legal, but goes on to locate the problem in exactly that. \"It is legitimate as the law permits it. But this section is defective by design,\" she says.Earlier this month, singer Chinmayi Sripada had also filed a similar complaint after she was allegedly bullied by some individuals on Twitter despite repeated blocking. The singer allegedly received repeated nasty comments, and even threats of bodily harm. Abraham feels Chinmayi's case was strengthened by the fact that the offenders used criminal intimidation. \"You can be as annoying as you want as long as you don't indulge in criminal intimidation,\" says Abraham.Section 66A of the IT Act says any person who sends, by means of a computer resource or a communication device, \u00e2\u20ac\u201d (a) any information that is grossly offensive or has menacing character; or (b) any information which he knows to be false, but for the purpose of causing annoyance, inconvenience, danger, obstruction, insult, injury, criminal intimidation, enmity, hatred or ill will, persistently by making use of such computer resource or a communication device, (c) any electronic mail or electronic mail message for the purpose of causing annoyance or inconvenience or to deceive or to mislead the addressee or recipient about the origin of such messages, --- shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to three years and with fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17042272", "title": "Accident victim run over repeatedly", "text": "TRICHY: A man, who was fighting for life after being hit by a vehicle, was repeatedly run over by other passing vehicles through the night on Trichy-Chennai bypass road near here. The incident came to light at daybreak on Wednesday when some passersby found body pieces scattered over a distance on the road.Police said the man, walking along the road near Sanjeevi Nagar, was probably hit by a vehicle around 2.30am on Wednesday. As it was raining, either no one heard his cries for help or no one cared to stop.The police got information from a passerby about the accident around 4am. When police reached the spot, they could not even confirm the gender of the victim initially. Then they recovered a pair of men's slippers and four shirts in a bag. Based on these, they concluded that the victim was a man. However, they are far from identifying the victim.The traffic police have filed a case and are investigating. The body pieces have been bundled into a gunny bag and kept at the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital in Trichy.\"It shows the extent to which people have become merciless. Even if he was found dead, a passerby could have informed police,\" lamented a traffic constable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17040230", "title": "Mounting property tax dues cripple Vizag civic body", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) may have drawn up grandiose plans to develop the city but it has to first tackle the major hurdle of mounting debts caused mainly due to government departments defaulting on payment of property tax. Some 30 government wings owe property tax dues of Rs 4.18 crore to the civic body with the APTransco leading the defaulters' list. It owes Rs 80.03 lakh to the GVMC. Apart from this, the house owners' property tax dues alone stand at a whopping amount of Rs 75 crore.The corporation is in the red with its debts swelling to Rs 270 crore. The pending dues to the GVMC stand at Rs 170 crore, including vacant land tax dues of Rs 77 crore. That the mess in the corporation is deep-rooted can be gauged from the fact that it has not paid wages to its sanitation workers for over six months.Slamming the GVMC for its poor handling of the finances, CPI floor leader in the previous GVMC council AJ Stalin told TOI that this was a classic case of robbing Peter to pay Paul. \"They do not take any action against big tax defaulters and erring government departments but harass ordinary citizens if they fail to pay the dues, which is very little when compared to the amounts the big guns owe,\" he said. He alleged that several commercial establishments, shopping complexes, private hospitals and star hotels were among the defaulters' list. Senior GVMC officials blame former district collector Luv Agarwal, who was officiating as special officer of the civic body after the term of the council ended in February last, for the present mess. \"The special officer never held any meetings on the mounting property tax dues. He did not initiate any concrete measures to address the problem,\" a senior official told TOI. Another official was more acerbic. Training guns on former commissioner B Ramanjaneyulu, he said: \"Ramanjaneyulu paid much attention to cycling on the beach road instead of devising ways to mop up the resources and collecting the tax dues.\"Among the culprits who defaulted on the tax payments are the endowments department (Rs 49.10 lakh) and police department (Rs 9.69 lakh). Government Mental Hospital superintendent Vijay Gopal expressed his helplessness to clear the dues. \"We are ready to clear the pending dues once we receive funds from the government,\" he told TOI. The hospital has dues of Rs 43.07 lakh to the GVMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041736", "title": "Young, women prone to obesity in rural areas", "text": "CHENNAI: The urban-rural divide in Tamil Nadu is quickly disappearing with regard to lifestyle diseases, according to a study by the National Institute of Epidemiology (NIE).Epidemiologists found that young people (25-45 years) and women were prone to obesity and were at risk for a series of lifestyle diseases. Until recently, lifestyle diseases were related to urban areas and cities where people were on high-fat diet and low exercise regimen. Now, epidemiologists say, rural areas are rapidly changing.The overall increase of BMI (above 23kg/m2) is 3.5% but the increase is more in women (4.3%) than men (2%). The fastest increase is in the age group 25-34 years (5.8%) followed by 35-44 years (4.5%). There are no significant changes in the 45-64 age group. Doctors say it's important to bring down the incidence of obesity as it can lead to a variety of problems, including cardiac diseases.Epidemiologist Prahdeep Kaur, who was part of the study, said obesity was one of the risk factors for early onset of diseases. \"Studies have shown Indians have diabetes and heart diseases when they are in their 20s and 30s while most of the people in the West are at risk when they turn 60. One of the most important reasons for this is obesity,\" she said.Cardiologists like Apollo Hospitals chairman Dr P C Reddy say some heart disorders found in a 35-year-old Indian are similar to those found in an average 60-year-old in the US. Apart from obesity, people in the 25-34 age group have an increased risk with habits such as smoking and drinking. \"Already Indians have a genetic predisposition to diabetes. These risk factors act like a trigger,\" said diabetologist Dr V Mohan. NIE has recommended an increase in awareness regarding lifestyle modification to prevent 'weight gain' in young people. \"Public health programmes must focus on the 25-45 age group and focus on stopping obesity,\" said Kaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17042094", "title": "Visvesvaraya Technological University to campaign for safe Diwali", "text": "BELGAUM: Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU), Belgaum, will organize a campaign in Belgaum and at its regional centres on the eve of Diwali to create awareness on the ill-effects of air and noise pollution due to bursting of crackers.H Maheshappa, vice-chancellor, who is spearheading the campaign, has appealed to all the affiliated colleges to put out a notice requesting all students and staff to celebrate Diwali in a joyous manner but without bursting crackers.In a release he said: \"Diwali is an important festival and we can celebrate it by lighting lamps and by organizing other festivities. However, we should avoid bursting crackers during the festival. Global warming is a major concern and we need to deal with it forthwith.\"Maheshappa said: \"Many of the chemicals used in the manufacture of crackers lead to health hazards like hearing loss, high blood pressure, sleeping disturbances, asthma, skin allergies, eye-related and respiratory problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040186", "title": "They are the 2 finalists from Bhopal in Times Scholars programme", "text": "BHOPAL: The verdict is out. Out of the105 finalists shortlisted for the Times Scholars program, Bhopal has the proud distinction of having two from the city. ToI spoke to the city finalists before their final round of interviews scheduled for November 2 and 3.Aman SaxenaThis six feet tall commerce student from Sagar Public School, Saket Nagar took a strong willed decision of moving from his hometown Bilaspur to Bhopal after class X as he wanted to explore better opportunities in his career.\"It was a tough decision but my parents were very cooperative. I wanted proper coaching for common law admission test(CLAT) which Bilaspur lacked. Also most of my friends shifted to dummy schools in Kota. Bhopal seemed the only alternative,\" said Aman.Son of a Coal India limited official, Aman took up commerce to increase his financial literacy even though he was a meritorious in science subjects and now he wants to become a lawyer. But his decision to become a lawyer has an interesting history.\"During my formative years, I witnessed an incident which decided my career choice. A Supreme Court lawyer flew down all the from a different place to see over a corruption case, spent half an hour and charged five lakhs for the same. But he couldn't get the man freed. This prompted me to introspect as I was quite articulate and always provided convincing arguments,\" said Aman.His father Amit Saxena has always been confident of his son's abilities. \"Aman has always been competent in his work. We were supportive when he decided to pursue law as it was his career decision and we didn't want to stand in the way,\" he said.His principal Dr Jaishree Kanwar too waxed eloquence of his skills. \"He took admission in class XI. Besides being well behaved he is also outstandingly intelligent. Even though he didn't keep well last year he has bounced back in a good way this year\",she said.She was also very encouraging on his selection in Times Scholars and attributed his success to his hardwork. \"90% of the credit goes to Aman for making it through the first three stages. He only deserves to win,\" said Dr Kanwar.Besides his interest in academics, Aman is an avid reader of non-fiction with a keen interest in political science and especially the Indian Constitution.He also has been a part of the school quiz team since class IX, with the recent runner up win of the RBI quiz as another feather in his cap. He also likes playing table tennis and was a member of the parade platoon in his previous school.\"I am very excited about this opportunity as it is a very prestigious scholarship,\" signed off Aman.Manya RajFor a girl of class XII, Manya Raj has eclectic tastes including Egyptian mythology and rock music. The student of Army Public School has her hands in many pies which her mother has currently curtailed due to her upcoming board exams.\"I have been off Facebook for the last four months, something that I am proud of!\" exclaims Manya who has her eyes set on an Economics degree from IIT Kanpur.\"In the long run I would love to work for the World Bank though. The Indian Administrative Services is also something that interests me,\" she said.Daughter of late army personnel, her mother Bhawna Parihar also teaches at Army Public School. She has her finger crossed for the final round of interviews. \"Like all parents I underestimated my child. I am happy that she has surpassed all expectations,\" she said.Eldest of three sisters, Manya is the head girl of her school. She loves physics and often surfs through physics related videos on Youtube.Also music is something that makes this teenager tick. \"I have a huge collection of music on my computer, Aerosmith and Coldplay being my favourite bands,\" she said.Manya is also a huge fan of science fiction and incidentally hates inspirational or self-help books. \"These so called self-help books do nothing for me though I have tried a few. They are mostly crap,\" she quips.The girl has also been in the school quiz team since class III and loves playing basketball and skating. She also has a degree in sailing and is professionally equipped .Her school principal Seema Dwivedi was also appreciative of Manya's multi-talented persona. \"She is one of our brightest students. She is smart, logical, and active. She is hard-working and discharges her duties well as a cabinet leader. Any school will be proud to have such a student!\" said Dwivedi.\"She deserves getting selected as a finalists and has all it takes to clinch the final scholarship. She indeed has a good chance,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17041472", "title": "Express, Hindu, Mail Today report disappearance of fictitious NRI girl", "text": "NEW DELHI: A report appearing in newspapers, including Indian Express, The Hindu and Mail Today, on Wednesday about a 21-year-old NRI woman from London, GauriBhonsle , going missing and being rescued in Saharanpur on Tuesday has not only turned out to be false but is also suspiciously close to the storyline of a television serial, to be launched by Star TV shortly, of an NRI girl by the same name going missing from London.According to the report in Indian Express, Gauri, an NRI girl from London, went missing on October 15 on her way to board a train for Malda, West Bengal , from Old Delhi railway station. The report said: \"Days after Gauri reportedly went missing, social networking sites were flooded with demands to rescue her. Gauri reportedly had come to India from London and stayed in Mumbai, Rajasthan and Delhi before going missing. Many missing posters had come up in Mumbai and parts of London.\"Mail Today reported that \"Gauri Bhonsle, the 21-yearold NRI of Southampton in London, who had reportedly gone missing from New Delhi on October 15, was rescued from a village in UP's Saharanpur district on Tuesday.\" The Hindu didn't have the name of the girl but reported that \"a 21-year-old British girl of Indian origin who had been missing since October 15 after she landed in Delhi was recovered from a villagein Deoband in Saharanpur district.\"The story, in other words, was much the same. Indian Express also quoted the Saharanpur SSP Durga Charan Mishra to say, \"We raided the house and rescued her.\" It added that the girl herself was not being able to recapitulate the events leading to her disappearance. The newspaper also said that the \"police have informed the British High Commission in Delhi about her rescue\".Now, it turns out the story about the missing NRI girl from London is a hoax. Star TV sources said they are about to launch a serial about an NRI girl, annoyed with her parents in London, coming to India and going missing. For this serial, the sources said, Star had launched a \"gimmicky and disruptive\" promotional campaign. There were newspaper ads about one \"missing Gauri Bhonsle\" as part of the \"disruptive\" campaign and it created a buzz on social network sites.  SSP D C Mishra told TOI that the girl rescued in Saharanpur wasn't an NRI by the name of Gauri Bhonsle. She was from Malda. When contacted, the UK High Commission denied that any British citizen by the name of Gauri Bhonsle from Southampton has gone missing. An official said, \"The British High Commission has no evidence to confirm that a woman named Gauri Bhonsle had actually gone missing from Southampton.\" Sources in the High Commission said it learnt about a person missing by that name from ABP News.ABP News is the new name of Star News, given in April 2012 after Ananda Bazar Patrika and Rupert Murdoch's Star TV parted ways. So, they are currently not linked. ABP News has carried what appear to be news items (available in Youtube ) about Gauri Bhonsle, the NRI girl, having allegedly gone missing. It even has one London Metropolitan Police officer by the name of James Anderson on camera saying that Gauri has gone to India. On probing the mystery of the fictitious report, it now appears that an abducted girl was indeed rescued in Saharanpur but how her identity got mixed up with Gauri Bhonsle, the fictional story of an NRI girl going missing, is still not clear.SSP Mishra said that the girl who was recovered from Tanheri Bijurg village in Deoband was not Gauri but she had lied about her identity. \"The girl, who belongs to Malda, went to Shimla with her boyfriend and stayed there for about 10 days. She then returned to Delhi to go back to Malda. On her way to the station she was given spiked food by taxi driver Manoj Tyagi. She was then 'sold' to Yogesh and Raju in Dehradun. From there the girl was taken to the village in Deoband.\"Mishra added that the abducted girl managed to contact her boyfriend. \"The boyfriend then told her that she should tell the villagers that she is Gauri Bhonsle, an NRI from Britain and she has been kidnapped,\" said Mishra. The girl then narrated the story to the villagers who informed the village pradhan who informed the SDM Deoband. The police then rescued the girl from the village.When contacted, Indian Express editor Shekhar Gupta said he was in Pune and knew nothing about the report. He suggested that a senior editor be contacted instead. This editor, who declined to be identified, said, \"Other papers have carried the report. As you can see it's not an Express invention.\"Mail Today editor Sandeep Bamzai directed this reporter to the paper's associate editor Atul Chandra who said the report was filed by the Lucknow office of Express. \"It came late and we couldn't check if it was promotion for a TV show.\"Hindu editor Siddharth Vardarajan directed us to a reporter, Atiq Khan, who said his report was based on a police briefing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040456", "title": "Endangered bird creates a flutter, 4 more seen", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A team of birdwatchers on Wednesday sighted four more Jerdon's babblers or the Sindh Jerdon's babbler (Chrysomma altirostre scindicum) deep inside three of the 'riyasat' islands at the Harike wildlife sanctuary. This brings the number of the endangered birds seen over the two days to 10. Historically, this bird has only been seen at the Indus valley in Pakistan.A drastic curtailment of riverine grasslands on the Indus river system has led to a decline of the Jerdon's babbler in Pakistan. The Harike population of the babbler is resident but seems to have gone unnoticed in the elephant grass marshes, where stalks can reach a height of 21 feet. \"There seems to be a healthy population of the babbler at Harike. We scanned three islands and found birds in all. I've advised the Punjab Wildlife Preservation Department to conduct a census to assess the population of babblers. The birds were not easy to track and photograph because their habitat comprises tall riverside grasses and their flight is very swift and dodgy,\" Gunjan Arora, leader of the three-member team of birdwatchers from Delhi and Mumbai, told TOI on Wednesday. Arora is accompanied by wildlife biologist Shashank Dalvi and wildlife photographer/researcher Saurabh Sawant.According to M Sudhagar, DFO (Wildlife) at Harike, \"We were able to get very authentic confirmation of the identity of the Jerdon's babbler by recording its call. This is what distinguishes it clearly from the Yellow-eyed babbler. I spent two hours in the habitat of the Jerdon's babbler and heard quite a few calls. I estimate there could be 25-30 of these at Harike. We will go in for a census in November to determine its numbers and those of other species.''Meanwhile, Gunjan Arora said this is the first sighting of the western race of the species from India. The birds were seen in pairs and were found in multiple locations on the islands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17043110", "title": "Sanjay Dutt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s political break", "text": "He's had a brief stint before; first as a candidate and later as general secretary of the Samajwadi Party. And while Sanjay Dutt would have us believe that entering politics was a mistake, the actor is back in action in the political arena.So much so, he took a short break in between shooting for the Hindi remake of the Tamil hit Saamyand promoting his eagerly awaited next Son of Sardar only so that he could campaign for the Congress in Himachal Pradesh.A source told TOI, \"Sanjay reached Himachal on October 26 to campaign for the Congress. As Sunil Dutt was a very senior and admired politician of the party and his son Sanjay is very popular, his presence made a lot of difference.\"Political obligations fulfilled, the actor is back in the city as of yesterday to further his professional interests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17039575", "title": "Robbers loot Rs 15 lakh at Ghaziabad bank, flee in city bus", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Four armed youths looted the Cooperative Bank in Sihani Gate area of Ghaziabad on Wednesday. Police said the robbery was quite daring as the youths did not bother to conceal their faces with masks and, after emptying the coffers off at least Rs 15 lakh, casually boarded a city bus to flee.Police said the robbers fired a couple of shots that hit the ceiling to scare the people inside. They threatened the bank manager at gun-point and asked him to cut the CCTV wire. \"When they brandished a gun at the bank manager, he gave them the money after which they stuffed it in two bags. Running short of space, they then filled their pockets with the remaining amount and walked out,\" said a senior police officer.Police said that while three robbers entered the bank, the fourth stood guard at the gate to prevent people from entering. \"At the time of the robbery, the bank didn't have many people inside. The robbers exploited this,\" added the official.The CCTV camera has captured images of the robbers till the time one of them asked the manager to cut the wire. \"At this point in the investigation, the video is the most critical piece of evidence we have. Initial probe shows that the robbers were minors,\" said an officer.Police said that the bank doesn't normally keep a lot of money. \"The bank had recently received a fresh consignment of cash. We are yet to ascertain whether the robbers had previous knowledge that the money was present at the time,\" said Virender Singh, SHO, Sihani Gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17041374", "title": "Windows 8 downloads impress Microsoft, disappoint analysts", "text": "BANGALORE: Microsoft India chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said on Wednesday that 4 million downloads of Windows 8 had been recorded globally in the first three days of its launch, the fastest compared to previous operating systems. Windows 8 was launched on October 26.While that figure looks impressive, some analysts noted that Apple's Mac OS X 10.8, called Mountain Lion, launched in July had sold 3 million downloads in its first four days. Considering that Windows has an over 90% market share, compared to about 7% for Mac OS, a significantly smaller proportion of Windows users have chosen to upgrade in the first few days.Windows 8, launched in Bangalore on Wednesday, has a new screen interface that is touch-enabled. Pramanik said the new cloud-connected operating system has been devised for the new-age digital consumer who has multiple devices, and email and social networking accounts, is mobile and connected.Amrish Goyal, director for the Windows Business Group, said across India, over 250 Windows 8-enabled devices, including 23 touch-enabled ones, are available.With a single Microsoft account, users will be able to sync all their data including emails, contacts, photos, videos etc across all devices. Windows 8 Enterprise users can carry the entire operating system, along with settings, files and apps in a USB stick called 'Windows To Go', allowing them to plug it into any device and carry on working.Many analysts say there will be less enthusiasm for Windows 8 compared to its previous versions. The reason is that customers today increasingly prefer mobile devices such as tablets and smart phones, where OSes such as Apple's iOS and Google's Andriod dominate, to traditional PCs, where Windows has been dominant for decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040857", "title": "BJP taunts 'love guru\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Tharoor", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Shashi Tharoor suggesting that Gujarat CM Narendra Modi , who described the junior HRD minister's wife Sunanda Pushkar as \"50 crore girlfriend'', may be incapable of loving somebody, the BJP said on Wednesday that the Kerala MP should be made minister for love affairs.Responding to Modi's jibe, Tharoor had said that his wife was priceless and that \"you need to be able to love someone to understand''.\"I think that it is not necessary to answer to all what he says. But I am very much impressed by his answer in which he has said that 'you need to be able to love someone to understand that'. I think a 'ministry of love affairs' should be made for such an 'international love guru' so that the nation can gain from his wisdom and preaching,\" said party spokesperson Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi.Tharoor's boss and new HRD minister Pallam Raju immediately reacted to this saying that BJP was being unfair.\"It is very unfair to comment on a person who is as experienced as Shashi Tharoor. He has vast experience, he has worked in the UN ( United Nations ),\" Raju said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041224", "title": "IIM-Calcutta to help students choose the \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcright\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 job", "text": "KOLKATA: Students of IIM-Calcutta will now be able to receive multiple summer placement offers on the same day and choose the best.This new 'Functional Preferences' placement system will be introduced from November for the upcoming summer placements and the institute will try to follow the same pattern for the final placements, too. \"This change is expected to bring in more order and opportunities into the placement system by introducing a better method of handling student preferences,\" said a member of the placement cell. He added: \"The institute decided to shift from the earlier process to make it less stressful and give the students more time to evaluate the alternatives at their disposal.\"Placements at IIM-C have generally been a four- to five-day affair with companies hiring on all days. Students are allowed to accept only one offer, which usually gives them very little leeway in choosing the firm they wish to join. \"The new process will be slightly more drawn out so that students do not have to compromise on their preferences. They can now receive multiple offers on the same day and choose the best. Thus, the placement process is shifting from spot offer system to multiple offer system for summer placements,\" said the official.\"Even if a student gets an offer from a firm, he can still attend other interviews, thus giving him more alternatives. This becomes important when companies of a particular sector attend the process later in the day and students choose another firm out of peer pressure,\" explained external relations secretary of IIM-C Ashwin Murali. He added, \"We are trying to follow the same pattern in the final placements as well.\"From the summer placements onwards, group discussions will be held on a single day. \"The companies who recruit on slot 0 (first day) do not hold GDs. But from the next day, all companies hold GDs followed by interviews. From this summer placement, the GDs will be held on a single day,\" Murali said. He added: \"The advantage of introducing this day-long gap is that the students are given some time to evaluate the choices they have at their disposal and make informed decisions accordingly.\"\"We believe the current process is a little too stressful and at times leads to a herd mentality. Out of peer pressure, students tend to accept the first offer they receive, without much regard for the role offered or the sector where their interests lie. We believe the new system grants the students time to evaluate their options and take the right call. The companies are also able to select the best candidates from the pool,\" said IIM-C placement chairperson, Krishanu Rakshit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039705", "title": "Starbus operator pushes for fare hike", "text": "NAGPUR: After the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) hiked its fare, the city bus operator Vansh Nimay has approached the Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL) to allow it to increase fare by Re1 to Rs2.Sources said the recent hike in diesel price has hit the city bus operator hard. It is incurring a loss of Rs1.50 lakh daily, admitted a source in NMPL.Sources said as per agreement with Vansh Nimay, the NMC had added a clause that whenever there is a hike in fuel price and subsequent rise in fares by the state transport corporation, the city bus operator too can revise the fares.A total of 232 buses ferry almost 1.60 lakh passengers daily, including 40,000 monthly pass holders, on different routes in the city. Presently, the minimum fare of travelling in a Starbus is Rs5 for a two-km distance. Thereon, additional Rs2 is charged for each slab of two kms - Rs7 for 4km, Rs9 for 6km and so on - and the maximum ticket is priced at Rs28.The city bus operator had last increased fares in January 2011. Since then the fuel price has gone up by Rs11.77 per litre. The state-run MSRTC has revised its fare thrice in the last two years, added the source. Between August and September, the MSRTC has revised the fare twice, which had come as a shocker for passengers.MSRTC has revised fares by 5.88% and is already charging the same from passengers, but the city bus operator is yet to revise fares as they are awaiting NMC's nod. Recently, the bus operator met the municipal commissioner in this regard.Sources said the bus operator will soon meet the mayor and standing committee chairman to discuss fare revision in the wake of diesel price hike.\"How will we run buses if we don't have the money? With an increase of Rs5 per litre, it is next to impossible for us to run buses under this current fare structure. The fares have to be increased,\" said a senior officer from Vansh.Mayor Anil Sole, who is also chairman of NMPL, was not available for comment. However, it is learnt that the civic body has received the proposal but municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has not given his nod. The civic chief clarified that unless and until the royalty dues were cleared, Vansh's proposal to revise the fare will not be cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041597", "title": "Ship\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s distress calls ignored during storm", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as a sailor drowned and at least five crew members of a grounded vessel went missing when their lifeboat capsized off Chennai during an attempt to come ashore, questions were raised about the absence of the coast guard and other maritime agencies from the scene.The lifeboat carrying 22 crew members of Pratibha Cauvery, an Indian-flagged tanker vessel, capsized in turbulent waters less than 100 metres from shore late Wednesday afternoon. Fishermen helped to rescue 17 of them. Four were in a serious condition and one identified as Anand Mohan was declared dead at a city hospital. The rest were missing when reports last came in.Significantly, none of the maritime security agencies, including the Indian Navy and the Coast Guard, came to the rescue of the stranded crew members despite distress signals being sent out since 10am when the vessel broke away from its anchorage. Despite a fleet of four advanced patrolling vessels and two choppers in Chennai, which is its eastern regional headquarters, the coast guard was unable to launch a rescue operation until late in the evening. The delay was attributed to poor visibility and wind conditions.The coast guard is expected to deploy choppers and two more inshore patrolling vessels on Thursday morning for search operations. But it may be a case of too little too late, said surviving crew members.\"The ship started drifting since morning. We called Coast Guard, Navy and the vessel owners seeking immediate help as the engines were not working. Finally we had no choice other than launching the life boats to reach the shore before the cyclone hit the coast,\" said a crew member who was rescued and taken to a hospital in Adyar. It is likely that there was panic on board due to stormy weather on Wednesday and the absence of response from maritime agencies.However, experts questioned the need for the crew to abandon the vessel since it had already beached and was unlikely to capsize. Pratibha Cauvery, a 1981-model Japanese built vessel, has a gross register tonnage (GRT) of 16,949. The 174-metre-long tanker had started to drift towards the shore due to gusty winds with 37 sailors on board around noon and was grounded about 200 metres from shore at around 2.30pm.The tanker had run out of fuel and had no power either for the last two days. It had docked in the outer anchorage in Chennai three weeks ago after the owner failed to pay the crew's wages. The oil tanker had no cargo on board and Mumbai was its next destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17041778", "title": "Beware of spiked edibles this Diwali: FDA", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Diwali is just a fortnight away. It is the festival of lights and sweets. So, being an active an aware citizen, people of Sangam city are approaching officials of the FDA (Food &amp; Drug Administration) in a large number to learn simple methods useful in detecting adulteration. Most of the inquires pouring in are to ascertain purity of food and milk products as also asking about availability of instant kits that have already gained popularity in metropolitan cities.FDA officials feel it's a good beginning and citizens are taking initiative to acquaint themselves with simple methods. Dr Sarita Pandey says \"If we know simple methods to detect adulteration, we can save our family from impure and stale products\". She added \"Awareness must be spread among consumers\". If you want to check if the khoya you are buying or have bought is adulterated, a few drops of tincture of iodine will make it turn bluish if adulterated. Another method is using sulphuric acid.Adulteration is an unethical practice, as it poses serious risk to human health. Presence of harmful starch, urea-mixed milk, caustic soda, ararot, artificial sweetening chemicals, non-approved colored sweets (like heavy metals incorporated malachite green, etc) and unhygienic conditions may lead to acute gastritis, diarrhoea, dysentery, dehydration, kidney inflammation, etc.Housewife Aditi says \"Keeping an eye on the forthcoming festival, consumers must be aware of simple methods to detect adulteration\".Chief food safety officer H K Srivastava told TOI \"We are promoting awareness about easy methods to detect adulteration in food products, without the need to send them to a laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17042307", "title": "High court orders transfer of murder case to CBCID police", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Wednesday passed orders transferring the investigation of a murder case from the local police to the CBCID, on a criminal original petition filed by S Jerinabegam of K Pudur in Madurai district.In her petition, Jerinabegam raised many doubts about the police investigation.According to Jerinabegam, her brother Sikkandar was allegedly murdered on January 2, 2006 by one N Kamaal of Goods Shed Street and Sager Banu, her brother's wife, after he came to know about their illicit relationship. Initially, the case was not registered under section 302 of IPC (murder) by the Kodaikanal police who investigated the case.The petitioner moved to high court seeking a direction to the police to register the case under Section 302 of the IPC, which further directed her to approach the Kodaikanal judicial magistrate court.Finally, Sections of IPC including 302 and 120 B were included on October 4, 2007 following a direction from the judicial magistrate court. However, there was no action on the part of police so far, the petitioner alleged.She also claimed that some records of the case went missing. Besides, the police are going to refer the case as mistake of fact, she said in her petition. Hence, she asked the court to transfer the investigation of her brother's murder case to the CBCID.When the matter came up before Justice N Kirubakaran, he transferred the case to the CBCID for further inquiry. In his order, he said, \"As the change of investigation is necessary, the Kodaikanal police is directed to entrust the case to the CBCID.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041160", "title": "Health dept to check mustard oil quality across state", "text": "JAIPUR: After four epidemic dropsy deaths came to light in Dungarpur district, the medical health and family welfare department has directed officials to check the quality of mustard oil throughout the state by collecting samples.In Dungarpur, the health department found that in some areas adulterated mustard oil was sold and after consuming it, four people died in the past one month due to epidemic dropsy.\"Forty four patients of epidemic dropsy are still undergoing treatment in government hospitals. But, they are out of danger. The team of doctors from the government medical college is taking care of the patients,\" Dungarpur chief medical and health officer Kantilal Mochi said.The condition of a 13-year-old girl, who has been diagnosed with epidemic dropsy, is serious. She would undergo operation on Thursday for edema. Edema is a condition where water gets accumulated beneath the skin, at times causing rupture of tissues.The department officials claimed it is yet to be ascertained if the adulteration was by mistake or deliberate.Dropsy is caused by consuming edible oils adulterated with argemone mexicana seed oil.The CMHO said the department has made arrangement to check the mustard oil quality by using nitrate acid. According to the department, no cases of dropsy have been reported in Durgarpur after October 18.Besides door-to-door survey, the medical directorate has also asked officials to collect oil samples from manufacturing units, storage and distribution centres. The department also needs to apprise the directorate of the action taken by it against offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039862", "title": "Renovated statues ready for unveiling on Tank Bund", "text": "HYDERABAD: After 21 months, the 12 damaged statues on Tank Bund are back on their pedestals, but the government is yet to take a decision on whether to hold an official ceremony to unveil them or just uncover them. All the 34 statues, including the recent one of Kumaram Bheem, have been decked up for the AP Formation Day festivities. However, officials are clueless whether the government will formally unveil the statues on November 1.During the 'Million March' in March, 2011, pro-Telangana actvists had vandalized 12 statues and threw them in the Hussainsagar, while another 10 sculptures had suffered minor damages.In the wake of outcry from poets, literary organisations and civil organisations, the government had decided to reinstall new statues. The department of culture took the responsibility to prepare and install the bronze statues on Tank Bund at a cost of Rs 48 lakh. A sculptor from West Godavari district prepared the statues.The N T Rama Rao government had installed 33 statues of Telugu icons two decades ago. \"New nine-feet statues of Krishnadevaraya, Tripuraneni Ramaswamy Chaudary, Kandukuri Veeresalingam Pantulu, Mutnuri Krishna Rao, Raghupathi Venkataratnam Naidu, Brahma Nayudu, Siddhendra Yogi, Bellary Raghava, Errapragada, Sir Arthur Cotton, Gurajada Apparao and Annamayya have been put on their respective pedestals as per schedule,\" director, department of culture, Kavitha Prasad told TOI.The department has also moved proposals to install statues of four personalities from Telangana, including Chakali Ilamma, Doddi Komaraiah, Shaik Bandagi Saheb Rahmatullah and Shoebullah Khan. The government had already given permission to install the statue of tribal leader Kumaram Bheem. On October 29, some tribal organizations unveiled Bheem's statue on the occasion of his 72nd death anniversary after failing to get any response from the government. Police have made elaborate security arrangements near the statues on Tank Bund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17042385", "title": "Diamonds worth Rs 2L looted, carrier stabbed", "text": "SURAT: Diamonds worth Rs 2 lakh were looted from a carrier of a diamond polishing firm in Varachha area on Tuesday evening. The miscreants also stabbed the carrier twice on his hand before escaping with the booty.The victim Ejaz alias Kalu Babvani, 20, works in the diamond laser unit of Jaysukh Patel at Shyamal Building in Mini Bazaar of Varachha. On Tuesday, he was asked to deliver 80 carat diamond parcel worth Rs 2 lakh at VK Diamond in Ruby Estate. Babvani left the office with the diamonds and kept the pouch of valuables in a bag.He reached Ruby Estate within minutes and was climbing the stairs of the building to reach V K Diamonds' office. Meanwhile, two people came from behind and one of them smothered his face. Another person stabbed him on the hand to snatch the bag of diamonds.Babvani released the bag after getting injured and the robbers succeeded in snatching it. Along with the bag, the robbers even took away his mobile phone.Babvani told police that he could not see face of the robbers as spot was completely dark. There were no CCTV cameras installed in or around the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17041382", "title": "Cloud adoption in India rising", "text": "BANGALORE: Cloud adoption by Indian enterprises is seen to be rising rapidly. A survey by research firm Forrester Consulting has found that 50% of respondents had adopted cloud solutions or approaches, compared to 40% in a similar survey last year and 27% in 2010. An additional 30% of respondents said they were planning to deploy cloud solutions within the next 18 months. The survey, done on behalf of virtualization software major VMware and released on Tuesday, was conducted among 1,220 Indian corporate decision-makers.These findings are along the optimistic lines of predictions made recently by others. In August, research firm IDC had estimated that the Indian cloud market would grow by 70% in 2012, from $535 million in 2011. It forecasted a 50% growth in the next three years.Last year, a study by consulting firm Zinnov done on behalf of data centre technology major EMC had predicted that the Indian cloud market would touch $4.5 billion in 2015, from the estimated $400 million in 2010. A study by IT industry body Nasscom and consulting firm Deloitte has estimated that the Indian cloud computing market would touch $16 billion by 2020All of these studies include both private and public clouds. Clouds are data centres with compute, storage and application resources that are shared by multiple customers or divisions within companies. No physical server or storage resource is dedicated to a customer or division or application. This brings down costs, and enables far greater flexibility in allocating required resources quickly to those who need them.The bigger growth is happening in private clouds - enterprises using the cloud concept internally - rather than in public clouds, where companies use third-party shared data centres to access computing resources. The Zinnov study estimated that 70-75% of the $4.5 billion cloud market in 2015 would come from private cloud deployments.Forrester senior analyst Sanchit Vir Gogia said concerns about data privacy, integration with existing systems and security were still barriers to cloud adoption in India.Raghu Raghuram, who leads VMware's cloud infrastructure and management business, said that with virtualization technology encapsulating almost every element of the data centre, cloud adoptions had become even more rapid. Virtualization is the technology that allows physical computing resources to turn into virtual ones, which then allows for easy sharing of resources.Servers were the first to be virtualized, but today you can virtualize storage and networks too, and you can manage all the virtual resources in a data centre through a single pane of glass. \"It has become a highly simplified, powerful and resilient environment,\" Raghuram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17042351", "title": "Employ more constables", "text": "Gujarat being high on the terror radar, the anti terrorist squad should not only employ more constables, but also train them in the latest methods of intelligence gathering in a highly technology-driven world.Related story:  7 jawans to protect 6 crore Gujaratis?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17040967", "title": "Nashik Road Central Jail inmate attacked by cop, injured", "text": "NASHIK: One jail inmate was injured in a fight that broke out at the Nashik Road Central Jail on Monday evening. The injured inmate has been admitted to Civil Hospital for treatment.The fight took place around 8.30pm on Monday in barrack number five of Circle no. 2 inside the jail, in which 29-year-old jail inmate, Altaf Yasim Shaikh, suffered injuries on his ribs and shoulders, cops said.Shaikh had gone to visit one of the wardens, Dnyaneshwar Chintaman Kadam, asking for his lunch plate. Kadam told him that he could not find his plate, but Shaikh insisted he find it, since the utensil bore a particular mark on it.An argument broke out between the two over this. Another intervened in the argument which led to the attack on the inmate whowas shifted to the hospital at 1.30 am on Tuesday. The Nashik Road police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040598", "title": "Unauthorized construction: HC raps bodies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Illegal constructions in the city are once again under the scanner of Delhi high court. On Wednesday, the high court issued a notice to the municipal corporations, the Delhi Development Authority and Delhi Police, taking a serious view of a PIL that said around 3,000 properties in the city have unauthorized constructions.Filed by Anil Dutt Sharma, a city businessman, the PIL had more than 1,200 pages and several annexure including photographs of alleged illegal constructions.While the HC demanded a status report from the civic agencies after they scrutinize the properties named, the municipal corporations urged it not to entertain the petition, saying it is vague in nature. The corporations also argued that HC had, while disposing of the famous 'Kalyan Sanstha' PIL on removal of illegal constructions, made clear that in future, complaints on this topic will be sent to a nodal committee which will examine the allegations.However, a division bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw brushed aside the objections and gave the authorities time till February 6, 2013 to submit a report.Apart from removal of illegal constructions, the PIL sought \"removal of encroachment, illegal constructions on pavements, covered roadside drains, parking places, common areas, green lands and to clear roads, lanes, parks, parking areas and common places for free traffic flow\".The PIL said it exposed the large-scale encroachment and illegal construction in the capital based on replies to RTI applications filed by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039814", "title": "Congress \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsycophant\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 hurls shoe at Kejri, Bhushan", "text": "NEW DELHI: India Against Corruption (IAC)'s press conference was disrupted on Wednesday when a former Congress loyalist tried to throw a shoe at activists Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan. However, the shoe fell well below its mark. This is not the first time when the duo's press meet has seen disruptions.As soon as Kejriwal and Bhushan opened the forum for questions a man, who claimed that he was not from any political party, disrupted the press conference and asked Kejriwal as to why he and his wife were not transferred for last 20 years during their service as Indian Revenue Service (IRS) officers.He was followed by another man, later identified as a former Congress worker, Jagdish Sharma, who shouted slogans against Kejriwal. He then tried to throw a shoe at the stage but the black shoe fell below. He was escorted out of the hall even as commotion broke out.Sharma has been known for putting large billboards of the Gandhi family across the city and had fallen out of favour with the Congress for his sycophancy. However, his stunt on Wednesday is likely to bring further embarrassment to the ruling party.Reacting to the drama, Kejriwal said he knew that such kind of thing would take place. He said, \"We knew this kind of thing will take place, we are raising voice against big powers...this is expected.\" Kejriwal, resuming his speech, said the interruption was \"deliberate and planned\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17042130", "title": "Patna gears up for All Souls' Day on Nov 2", "text": "PATNA: Catholics of the city and across the world will offer special prayer services on Friday to mark the All Souls' Day, a solemn feast in the Roman Catholic Church that prays for peace to those who have died.The graveyards are being beautified and the graves cleaned and painted to observe the Feast of All Souls on the day. According to Kurji Church's parish-priest Fr Gregory Gomes, the special prayers are offered to seek the blessings for the dead souls. \"The Church believes in resurrection and we pray for our dead relatives and friends on this day,\" he said and added prayers are also offered for the souls in purgatory which, according to the Catholic belief, is the place where people after death suffer for the wrongdoings done by them in their lifetime so as to cleanse their souls before reaching the heaven.The Kurji Church will have a mass in the afternoon at the cemetery itself, Fr Gomes said, adding a mass is offered at almost every graveyard of the city on the day. Parishioners have been requested not to light too many candles and incense sticks on their relatives' graves so as to prevent pollution, he said.The Kurji graveyard, about 280ft long and 150ft wide, houses approximately 600 graves. People from all over the city as well as places like Muzaffarpur and Bettiah, come here to pray for the departed souls.Bankipore Church's parish-priest Fr Jerome Dungdung said they would have a mass in the morning at the church and another mass in the afternoon at the Peer Muhani graveyard. Fr Devasia will preside over the Eucharistic celebration in which people from Patna City, Kankerbagh and Chakaram etc also participate.The day before the All Souls' Day is observed as All Saints' Day when prayers are offered for saints across the world, said Fr Gomes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039778", "title": "Man sentenced to a day in prison for drunk driving", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sending a stern warning to tipplers, a local court on Wednesday sent a 35-year-old man to one-day imprisonment for driving under the influence of alcohol. Incidentally, it is the first time an offender caught in the ongoing drive against drunken driving has been sent to jail.On October 18, the Punjagutta traffic police intercepted Ramachandra, a private employee from Bowenpally, at Nagarjuna Circle when he was riding the bike in an inebriated condition.Police were shocked to see when the breathalyzer displayed blood alcohol level of Ramachandra at 247 mmg/100 ml (anything above 30 mmg /100 ml is punishable under the MV Act and even IPC). His bike was seized and Ramachandra was sent home in an auto. Twelve days after he was caught by the police, Ramachandra appeared before the Punjagutta traffic police on Wednesday and was produced before the IV metropolitan magistrate. The magistrate awarded him one-day imprisonment and Ramachandra was sent to the Chanchalguda jail. He would be released from the prison on Thursday evening.\"Ramachandra was trying to hide his identity. When we asked him about his professional details, Ramachandra told us that he is a hamali. However, his dress sense and language skills indicate he is an educated person,\" a Punjagutta traffic officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17042198", "title": "Sri Mahalingeshwara temple renovation work will get underway on Nov 5", "text": "MANGALORE: Renovation work of Sri Mahalingeshwara temple, Puttur will step into a decisive phase with 'shilanyas' ceremony scheduled for November 5. The religious rites will be done under the supervision of Prasad Muniyangala, vaastu consultant and Ravish Tantri, temple priest. The renovation team has been working continuously for its success under former CM DV Sadanand Gowda, who is the honorary president of the committee.Achuth Mudethaya Nanya, managing trustee of the temple said the temple is of historical significance and has tremendous sway on religious mindset of the area. Its initial construction was done around the 10th century the renovation work has not been done for last 60 years as per records available with the temple. Its shape is unique and is called 'Gajaprusta' or the back of the elephant. The temple wields influence among its devotees far and wide.The Puttur temple festival that takes place in April is very famous and attracts more than one lakh people. The renovation work of the temple was a long cherished demand of the locals. But the magnitude of the work was such that it could be taken up after thorough planning and consultations of senior and prominent devotees of the area. Finally, after planning the renovation to its minute details, the work proper was taken up two years back.Civil engineers, architects, vaastu shilpis and host of other experts discussed the details. When the plan was fully given shape its budget touched Rs 13.5 crore. The team enthused by the philanthropic devotees who came forward with assurances of full financial support, started the wood and stone works about a year back. When the dismantling work of the old structure was taken up, the locals responded in equal measure working as karsevaks.The granite work is being done by granite architect Raju Murdeshwara and wood work by Narayana Acharya of Moodbidri.The state government through the department of religious endowment too has contributed Rs 2 crore for the project and the monetary support is coming in a steady flow. Call: Achuth Mudethaya: 9449615863.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17042337", "title": "Mangalore airport is safe, says outgoing director MR Vasudeva", "text": "MANGALORE: The Airports Authority of India (AAI) and various employees associations of Mangalore airport bid farewell to outgoing director MR Vasudeva, on Wednesday. Vasudeva, a Kannadiga, served the Mangalore Airport for many years.Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala dharmadhikari D Veerendra Heggade felicitated Vasudeva at the old airport terminal at Bajpe.Litterateur M Prabahkar Joshi said, \"Vasudev saw many ups and downs during his tenure as a director of Mangalore Airport. Declaration of international airport is indeed a recognition given to him by the AAI. Vasudeva was instrumental in getting the airport the international tag. His public relations skills were outstanding as he managed to acquire land and solve all complications in this regard.\"AAI regional executive director D Devaraj said that as a director Vasudeva had taken up several challenges. \"It is due to his efforts that Mangalore Airport will soon get a cargo complex. All physical infrastructure required for the complex is ready at the terminal and Custom clearance is awaited. The complex will be opened before December.''Acknowledging the felicitations, Vasudeva said, \"I have no words to express my gratitude to the felicitation extended to me. Now, I feel that I have done my job. I am confident that my job has paid. People have identified me as a good officer and it was with the coroperation of my staff and public that I was able to attain this position. I am proud that I could convert the airport into an international one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040525", "title": "3 killed as truck skids off Salimgarh bypass flyover", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another accident on the Salimgarh bypass flyover since its inauguration two years ago, three people lost their lives and a minor was seriously injured after the truck they were travelling in toppled over and fell 20 feet down.The accident was reported from IP EstEstIn yet another accident on theate area in central Delhi on Wednesday around 2.50am. Prem Pal (25), Vishal (22) and Manoj (25) died on the spot, while Devender (15) sustained serious injuries and is recuperating.The truck, loaded with apple cartons, was going towards Palwal in Haryana from the Azadpur mandi, police said. They added that Prem and Vishal were Devender's relatives. They had come from UP to collect a consignment of apples from the mandi. Devender had asked his uncles to take him along as he wanted to visit Delhi. \"Prem and Vishal had picked him up from his house and were on their way to Palwal when the accident took place,\" a cop said. Police said Prem was driving the truck at high speed and lost control while taking a sharp turn. The vehicle rammed it into the railing of the new flyover near Rajghat power house and plunged 20-foot down from the flyover.The survivors as well as people living in the makeshift homes nearby were unhurt as the truck landed along the embankment of Yamuna. One of the labourer living in a makeshift home spotted the truck and informed cops. The victims were taken to hospital.'While three of them were declared brought dead, one person is undergoing treatment,\" a senior police officer said.A case of causing death due to negligence and rash driving has been registered under IPC at the IP Estate police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040388", "title": "Have written enough on India, can't write more: VS Naipaul", "text": "MUMBAI: V S Naipaul, the Nobel Laureate who has penned three books, two novels and \"one essay as thick as a book\" on India doesn't think he can write on the country again. \"I've written enough,\" the 80-year-old writer told the audience at a function in Mumbai on Wednesday.Kitted out in a red shirt as fiery as his views and essays that have enraged and overawed people simultaneously, the Trinidadian British writer of Indian descent appeared surprisingly mellow. \"There is always struggle in writing,\" he said, adding that if he had money in 1955 he would probably have done something else.The writer declared that reality by itself never made a book-it needed to be combined with a fantasy element \"to create an original feel\". He recounted an instance when he was invited by then Trinidad &amp; Tobago PM Eric Williams (\"A big man those days, not so big these days. He is dead\") to travel the Caribbean and write about his experiences. \"I wondered how I would fashion a narrative only with the experience of travelling to Suriname and eating fried plantain and fish in a hotel,\" he told the audience at the literary event.He faced a similar question while returning from his first journey across India which had resulted in An Area of Darkness: \"How am I going to knit this together in a book?\" Interestingly, on the same journey he also feared he was \"losing\" his \"gift of language\". \"So on the ship, I'd be constantly testing myself to see if I could speak English,\" he said.While talking about form, Naipaul said that every book had \"the habit of forming its own shape\". \"India: A Million Mutinies Now had to be an anti-clockwise narrative otherwise you would lose your material halfway. Because after Delhi and Kolkata, the rest of the world died,\" he said. While talking about the form of another book, he began, \"I had this simple idea of a man...\" Then his voice trailed off and emotion overcame him. His wife Nadira, who was in the audience, got up and asked the moderator to move on to another question.Naipaul recounted being asked to write a \"funny\" speech in 2001 when he received the Nobel Prize for Literature in Stockholm. Here, he spoke about how Caeser went to Egypt, tripped and fell but held on to the sand and said, \"Africa I have you.\" And what did he feel about the Nobel? \"It was okay,\" said Naipaul. \"You go on doing things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17042158", "title": "Bihar State Electricity Board stands unbundled from today", "text": "PATNA: The much-awaited unbundling of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) into five different companies, with the avowed objective of rapid reforms in the energy sector, will become effective from Thursday with the state energy department issuing a notification to this effect.Under the new 'Bihar State Electricity Reforms Transfer Scheme 2012', the BSEB has been unbundled into five companies: Bihar State Power Company Limited (the holding company), Bihar State Power Transmission Company, Bihar State Power Generation Company, South Bihar Power Distribution Company and North Bihar Power Distribution Company. Bihar State Power Company Limited will own the shares of the newly-incorporated four other companies.In exercise of the powers conferred by Section 131, 133 and other applicable provisions of the Electricity Act, 2003, Bihar government has made the scheme for providing and giving effect to the transfer of properties, interests, rights, assets, liabilities, obligations, proceedings and personnel of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) to the transferees and for matters incidental and ancillary thereto. The scheme shall extend to the whole of Bihar and also to those outside the state.The government notification, issued by energy secretary Sandeep Poundrik, categorically said the officers and employees of BSEB shall have continuity of service. Their service conditions would not be inferior to the present service conditions and in case the transferee companies did not fulfil any service condition, the state government guaranteed and shall ensure through the holding company continuance of those benefits.The documents available with TOI show that these provisions would not be applicable to new employees appointed in the transferee companies after the effective date of restructuring.The Bihar cabinet had approved the unbundling proposal at its meeting on Friday last. The state government will spend an estimated Rs 14,099 crore in the next five years on the financial restructuring plan. The state government's contribution will be paid to the five companies in advance in two instalments every year, i.e. by May 31 and November 30. The successor companies will be contributing on monthly basis by 7th of the following month.\"At any time within a period of one year from the effective date, the state government may, by order to be notified, amend, vary, modify, add, reduce, delete or otherwise change terms and conditions of the transfer terms,\" the notification said.The four area offices of BSEB - Pesu, Patna central, Magadh and Bhagalpur - have been regrouped to form one company, i.e. South Bihar Power Distribution Company Limited. Consequently, Pesu (east), Pesu (west), Ara, Nalanda, Gaya, Rohtas, Bhagalpur and Munger circles will constitute the South Bihar Power Distribution Company Limited. Three area offices - Tirhut, Mithila and Kosi - have been combined to form another company, i.e. North Bihar Power Distribution Company Limited. Consequently, Muzaffarpur, Chhapra, Motihari, Darbhanga, Samastipur, Saharsa and Purnia circles will come under the North Bihar Power Distribution Company Limited.The BSEB currently has nearly 1,700 officers and 14,850 employees. Its installed generation capacity is 559.2MW. On August 2, 2011, the state cabinet had given its in-principle nod to unbundling of the BSEB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041038", "title": "Minister Lal Chand Kataria falsely named in murder case: Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Wednesday came out in full defence of the newly appointed union minister of state for rural development Lal Chand Kataria, who has been charged of shielding the accused in a murder case and later organising a lethal assault on the deceased's son.A school owner in Jaipur, Rajendra Prasad Chaudhary whose father Banshidhar was murdered in June last year, has been fighting a legal battle against Kataria for the past more than six months alleging that the Jaipur rural MP was providing political patronage to the killers. Demanding a CBI probe on the parliamentarian's alleged involvement in the murder, Chaudhary filed petitions before the high court and the Supreme Court, which issued notices to the state government a day after Kataria was sworn as a union minister on Sunday.\"Kataria has been falsely named in the FIR. There is no strength in the allegations and these are a result of personal vendetta,\" chief minister Ashok Gehlot told reporters on Wednesday, suggesting that the 'disappointed elements' within the Congress could be building a controversy around the newly appointed union minister.Kataria's staff, meanwhile, told TOI that the minister would reply to the allegations in Jaipur on Thursday.Chaudhary, however, said a fair probe was possible only if Kataria were removed as minister until the investigations were over. \"Even as an MP he managed to shied the killers. Now when he has become a union minister, he will definitely have greater influence on the police investigation,\" Chaudhary alleged at a press conference on Wednesday.Chaudhary posted the complaints against Kataria to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on Monday when the apex court issued notices seeking a reply from the state government within four weeks.Business rivalry between Jaipur rural MP Kataria and deceased Banshidhar is said to be the reason behind the latter's murder committed on June 5, 2011. \"My father owned the Ridhi Sidhi Vinayak Nursing School in Kalwad and Kataria too owns a group of schools in the neighbourhood. The Jaipur MP nursed a business rivalry against my father,\" Chaudhary alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041178", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcGive martyr status to forester killed in Ranthambore tiger attack\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "JAIPUR: Stunned by the sudden death of assistant forester Gheesu Singh in a tiger attack last Thursday, the Rajasthan Forest Subordinate Services Union has demanded status of martyr for all foresters who die on duty. The union has given a written memorandum to chief minister Ashok Gehlot and forest and tourism minister Bina Kak.Singh was attacked by a tiger while he was on duty at the Ranthambore national park. The tiger, T-24, pounced on him, caught him by the neck and dragged him away to a bush about 25 metres away. Reports suggest that Singh was walking between two groups of labourers who had gone to the forest to repair a road. He died instantly. \"The union has demanded the status of martyr on the lines of policemen who are granted the status when they die on duty. Our services are equally fraught with danger. We have to often go into perilous terrains to protect forests and wildlife. In such a situation we must also be given the status of martyr if any of us gets killed on duty,\" a member of the union said.Singh was from Amrapura village on the Samod Ki Balaji road in Chomu. He is survived by three sons, an aging father and wife. \"I visited his family and the condition is pathetic. Singh was the only earning member. His youngest son is paralyzed and terminally ill. His eldest son is pursuing graduation while the other is in class X. His father is 80 years old,\" said Rajpal Singh, member of state wildlife board. So far, Singh's family has been given Rs 20 lakh as a special measure by the state and another Rs 4 lakh by forest department and R'bore hotels association. Kak has promised a government job for the victim's next of kin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17040876", "title": "Security agency staff \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcrobbed\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 of `12 lakh", "text": "PANCHKULA: Three unidentified youths reportedly robbed an employee and a driver of a Gujarat-based private security agency of about Rs 12 lakh at gunpoint near Sector 5 at 1pm on Wednesday.A case was registered on the complaint of the company's van driver, Jaspal Singh.The two employees of security agency CheckMate, which also provides cash carry facility, started their day's work from Paras Downtown Mall, Zirakpur. After collecting cash from the mall and some shops and offices, as they were going to State Bank of India's Sector 10 branch to deposit the amount, a white car intercepted them near sectors 4 and 5 dividing road. Of its three occupants, two masked youths came out, reportedly robbed the firm's employees at gunpoint and fled.Singh could not note the car's registration number. In his statement to the police, he said the accused were in their 20s or 30s and spoke Punjabi.Though mandatory, there was no gunman in the cash carrying van.Even as the entry and exit points of the district were sealed and checking intensified, the accused couldn't be nabbed. Chandigarh and Mohali police have been apprised of the incident.Panchkula deputy commissioner of police Parul Kush Jain said, \"We are doing our best to nab the culprits, who appear to be youngsters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "17042032", "title": "Man murders son's killer outside court", "text": "JAMNAGAR: A 30-year-old man, accused of killing a youth a year ago, was stabbed to death by latter's father in the taluka court compound in Lalpur town, 30 km from Jamnagar, on Wednesday.Sultan Osman Sama's trial for killing Yusuf Sama's son Hanif was scheduled to begin and he was brought to the court from Rajkot jail. However, Yusuf, who was looking to avenge his son's murder, attacked Sultan with a knife.The attack took place at around 12.30 pm amid the presence of policemen, lawyers and large number of people in the taluka court. He stabbed Sultan twice in the stomach and near the kidney. Sultan was rushed to the hospital, but succumbed on the way.\"We have nabbed Yusuf. He told us that he wanted to take revenge for his son's murder. In fact, he regretted not being able to stab Sultan repeatedly because police caught him. He wanted to kill Sultan on the spot,'' investigating officer, Lalpur police station, L D Odedara said.Yusuf is a resident of Chorbedi village in Lalpur taluka. On April 4 last year Sultan and his three accomplices allegedly hacked Yusuf's son Hanif to death near Lalpur state transport bus depot. Police said Hanif and Sultan had some financial dispute. Sultan has also served as the sarpanch of Bhatudiya village in Lalpur taluka earlier. He was earlier lodged in Jamnagar jail. However, he was shifted to Rajkot few months ago after a mobile phone and sim cards were recovered from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17042276", "title": "Mines in Selaulim dam area may face closure", "text": "PANAJI: Mining in Goa is worse than in Bellary and the government has not done much to control mining activity, these, sources said, are observations of the Supreme Court's central empowered committee's (CEC) after it visited mines in Goa and interacted with NGOs.Sources said CEC members made these observations while interacting with NGO's. The CEC had also inspected mining in Bellary and submitted a report on this to the SC. TOI had first reported that illegal mining in Goa was far higher than that in Bellary, Karnataka.Sources close to the CEC said the team was disturbed after visiting four mines in the catchment area of Selaulim dam in South Goa and remarked, \"May god save this land\". Sources said the committee may recommend shutting down mines operating in the dam's catchment area.The Supreme Court's central empowered committee's (CEC) visited the state to get a firsthand feel of mining in Goa vis-a-vis the Shah commission report on illegal mining in the state and a petition filed in the SC by Goa Foundation. The Shah commission had pointed out various irregularities involving mining activities in the state.In it field visits, CEC found some mines carrying out activities without approved mining plans, and in others that dumps exceeded the permissible height, sources said. Sources added that the CEC was also concerned about the number of trucks involved in mining activities, as the infrastructure's carrying capacity was already overburdened.A CEC member talking to NGOs said, \"Field visits to mines and discussions with various sections of society have made us aware about the harsh realities experienced by villagers in the mining belt of Goa.\"Later on Wednesday mine owners again met the CEC and explained their position. Speaking to media persons Goa mineral ore exporters' association president Shivanand Salgaocar said \"We made a representation to clarify the queries raised by the CEC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17041439", "title": "The promise of a bright mind", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Kumar Dhwanit might have scored A1 in class X, but he believes it is not just brains. One of the only two students from Ahmedabad to crack the Times Scholars test and interview from Gujarat this year, he credits hard work for much of his success.The Kendriya Vidyalaya, Chandkheda student says, \"I have been quizzing from a very young age and love reading encyclopaedias, it is my only passion.\" Kumar won the Limca quiz from Ahmedabad in 2009 for his school and came second in 2010. \"Winning isn't everything. Quizzing is also about learning new things,\" says the teenager, who is a brown belt in karate.In 2008, the whiz kid was one of the 64 students selected from India to attend a 21-day residential programme by Duke University . He learnt Java to make video games during the course and can now successfully develop his own games.The young lad also credits his genes for doing well. His father had cracked the IIT entrance test but could not join the top engineering school; he later became a mechanical engineer and works with ONGC at present. Dhwanit's mother was one of only two students who got a first division in the bachelor of commerce course in her college.Interestingly, Dhwanit's teacher played a major role in his clearing the Times Scholars test. \"I had no time to prepare. My teacher helped me with extra classes, special question papers and mock group discussions,\" he explains.It is the love of mega structures that attracts him to civil engineering. Kumar went to Tokyo under a student exchange programme and saw some of the world's best structures like Skytree, which excited him \"beyond words\". The Amdavadi lad is pretty confident of his chances of winning the scholarship. He wants to pursue an automobile designing course, after passing out of one of the IITs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17039974", "title": "Porvorim boy Arnav top Times Scholars contender", "text": "PANAJI: Ask anyone known to 17-year-old Mangesh Sonawane what words best describe him and they have got two words for you-confidence and focus. A short conversation with Mangesh-better known as Arnav to near and dear ones-is all it takes to confirm how accurate the assessment is.\"I want to be a theoretical physicist and get into research. I would like to contribute to resolve the country's energy problem,\" says the determined Class XII student of Kendriya Vidyalaya INS Mandovi, Verem. It is easy to sense the passion in Arnav's voice as he explains how the research will involve studying different particles and forces.The Porvorim-based youngster is one among 105 students shortlisted from 32 cities across the country as finalists for Times Scholars. He faces the final round of selections this week at which the top 20 Times Scholars winners will be picked.The Goan is a frontrunner for the scholarship having scored 96% marks in Class IX and attained A 1 grade in Class X and further scored 90% in Class XI.Arnav credits his Class IX physics teacher Ravi Devadiga and books by Stephen Hawkings with implanting in him the idea of pursuing research in physics. He says, \"I knew what direction I would take right from Class VIII.\"Always the topper in his class, Arnav knows his future lay in scientific research and his immediate goal involves getting into the Indian Institute of Technology at Kharagpur or the IISc after completing his Class XII. Family support was never in short supply and it came from his mechanical engineer father Avinash employed at the National Institute of Oceanography and his mother Ranjana working at the Raj Bhavan, Goa.While Arnav is deeply appreciative of the role his parents, especially his mother, played in encouraging him to participate in different competitions that helped build his confidence, Ranjana recalls how she was told by Arnav's teacher in playschool that he has a bright future ahead of him.\"He was always bold and confident in everything he did and was always interested in the practical side of learning. Even as a child I remember how he never wanted me to lie to him about things and fool him like when I was going out of the house. He wanted to be told the truth,\" Ranjana says.Arnav enjoys reading and discovering the mysteries of the universe whenever he finds time from his schedule of six-hours at school, tuitions and studying at home.Academics apart, he is like any other teenager who likes occasional lunches with friends and wants to indulge in his hobbies. \"I am trained in five martial arts-karate in which I have a black belt, judo, taekwondo, jeet kune do or JKD and Krav Maga,\" Arnav says proudly. His father recalls how Arnav enjoyed dancing as a child and loved reading the Harry Potter series of books. \"His idea of a job is not about making money alone, it is about pursuing a passion,\" Avinash says.Arnav's support system at home also includes his elder sister Sharvari, with whom he discusses career, admissions and institutes. Arnav will always be a baby, being 11 years younger. \"I always wanted a younger sibling and when Arnav came along, he made up for all the lost time. He is very mature for his age and we do discuss various issues despite the age difference,\" Sharvari says.Arnav's 104 competitors for Times Scholars better watch out for this confident and focused young lad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17042053", "title": "Shankar M Bidari meets KPCC chief, may join party", "text": "BANGALORE: KPCC president G Parameshwara had a breakfast meeting with retired DG&IGP; Shankar M Bidari on Wednesday, triggering speculation of the former top cop joining the Congress.Bidari retired from police service this May. Congress sources said Bidari, who has maintained a good rapport with all parties during his service, is said to have met AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi in New Delhi recently . Today's meeting apparently was to discuss the modalities of his joining the party.Parameshwara said he met Bidari to congratulate him on his winning the Basavashree Award recently. Bidari insisted : \"I've known Parameshwara's family for 31 years and was very fond of his late father. Politicians keep coming to my house. If I take any decision to join politics, I'll call the media.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040533", "title": "German raped on pretext of marriage", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man claiming to be a navy officer allegedly raped a 27-year-old German national working in an embassy after promising to marry her. The woman, who stays at a rented accommodation in Jangpura, southeast Delhi, sought help from Delhi Police after he severed contact with her. A case has been registered at the Hazrat Nizamuddin police station. The accused is on the run.The victim told police that she met the accused last year. He claimed to be a navy officer on a social networking site and the two started chatting. \"After a few months, they exchanged numbers and started talking on phone. Then the accused met her at a coffee shop in South Extension, where declined to reveal his identity due to 'security reasons'. The couple kept seeing each other and the accused finally proposed to her,\" a senior police officer said.Police said afterwards, he started going to her house, especially on weekends. Whenever she talked about marriage, he tried to evade the topic. \"A few months back, he started ignoring her and did not respond to her calls. The victim then realized he had cheated her on the pretext of marriage,\" said the officer. With the help of her friends , she contacted police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041675", "title": "Madras high court extends TV digitization date in Chennai by 5 days", "text": "CHENNAI: Putting brakes on the Centre's cable TV digitization plan, the Madras high court on Wednesday extended the deadline in Chennai from October 31 to November 5. An interim order to this effect was passed by Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar on a petition filed by the Chennai Metro Cable TV Operators Association.The petition, noting that repeated requests for extension of the deadline was not acceded to by the Centre, claimed that in Chennai only 1.64 lakh homes had STBs and more than 30 lakh homes would go blank from November 1 if the deadline was not extended. The petition also said that which said there were not enough set top boxes (STB) to be distributed to all households.Noting that the Tamil Nadu government's Arasu Cable Television has entered as 11th multi-system operator (MSO) in the state, the association said Arasu has invited tenders for supply of 10 lakh STBs to meet 25% of the city's requirement. Arasu is still in the process of finalizing the tender, and even if the delivery of STBs commences now, it will take at least two years for the process to be completed, it said.It wanted the court to stay total implementation of the digital access system (DAS) in Chennai till the corresponding infrastructure is made available. S Haja Mohideed Gisthi, senior central government standing counsel, however, opposed any extension of the deadline saying the petition had been filed in the eleventh hour. Ever since the policy was unveiled in January 2011, the deadline had been extended thrice, Gisthi said. Noting that the Centre had entered into an agreement with 11 MSOs in the city and it was their duty to provide sufficient STBs, he said already 62% of installation was over.Under the Centre's proposal, implementation of DAS was to be completed in Delhi, Kolkatta, Mumbai and Chennai by October 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17042257", "title": "Winning material: 3 out of top 105 from Rajasthan", "text": "Three bright young minds from Rajasthan beat thousands of others to make it to the 105 shortlist for the finals of the highly competitive Times Scholarship programme. TOI profiles the young wizardsMATHS MAGICIAN: MADHUR BHATTADS R PUBLIC SCHOOL, KOTAMaths is his first love. Madhur Bhattad, 16, is among three candidates shortlisted from Rajasthan for the final round of 'Times Scholars.' Bhattad, who has been residing in Kota for the past one year while preparing for a competitive exam, managed to beat lakhs of students to acquire a position in final 105 candidates.Madhur is being seen as a potential winner of the contest considering his high academic credentials and interpersonal skills. Unlike thousands of candidates thronging Kota to crack IIT's and medical entrance exams, Madhur came to become a world-class Mathematician. He is eyeing a seat in Chennai Mathematical Institute (CMI).\"I am a maths lover. My aim is to solve the tough mathematical concepts \u00e2\u20ac\u201dtwin-prime numbers, Riemann Hypothesis , Hodge Conductor, Naivete Equation etc,\" says Madhur, a class XII student of S R Public School in Kota.\"I would like to break down harsh mathematical problems into simpler forms to retain students' interest. I have been reading journals and online magazines dedicated to maths,\" added Madhur, who is hoping to score 100% marks in class-XII maths.Madhur's love affair with maths began early in elementary classes. He surprised his teachers by solving equations faster than them. He achieved the top position in class X Maharastra Board and scored the magical 100% mark. He also managed high distinction in maths in the prestigious McMillan Exam organized by New South Wales Australia in class VIII. For the final round, Madhur plans to \"go with my instincts\" . \"The judges/panelist would like to know our thoughts on certain issues which have to come naturally.\" Like most youngsters his age, Madhur is fond of cricket and Bollywood films and he loves to mimic Amitabh Bachchan. Interestingly, this maths wiz also captained a cricket team in Nanded where his team won an inter-city tournament. The 105 finalists would further undergo a final interview from which top 20 Times Scholars winners would be announced .FUTURE POLITICIAN: SHRUTI JARGADMAHARANI GAYATRI DEVI SCHOOL, JAIPURIt's not all about studies for Jaipur's Shruti Jargad. The seventeen-year-old student of Maharani Gayatri Devi (MGD) School is fiercely passionate about women's rights and wants to change society's mindset towards them. One of only three students from Rajasthan who made it into the top 105 'Times Scholar' shortlist, Shruti wants to enter politics and make a difference.Inspired by Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Pakistan foreign affairs minister Hina Rabbani Khar , Shruti says: \"I raise women issues not by choice but because it's my responsibility to bring them to the fore.\" Despite no \"godfather \" in politics, she believes her education and oratory skills will hold her in good stead in the field of politics. Before that she wants to pursue BA in Political Science (Honours) from New Delhi's Hindu College and thenMasters in international affairs from Jawahar Lal Nehru University.Shruti recounted an incident that made a huge impact on her life. In class X, she put in charge of money collection for leprosy patients. \"That responsibility changed my life forever. The satisfaction earned from contributing and encouraging others to contribute has no match. It has orientated my mind towards social causes,\" she said. Since then, there has been no turning back. She had raised social issues related to women at various platforms using street plays, workshops and blogs. She has won several prizes including first position at the national-level inter-school quiz and the Limca Book of Records Quiz 2012. She was also adjudged the best quizzer at the National Level Heritage Quiz, won first place in intra-school elocution and various other extracurricular activities. \"The difference between a successful person and others is not the lack of strength and knowledge, but the lack of will. Someone has rightly said 'hitch your wagon to a star' ...and honestly I couldn't think of a better star to guide me than the Times Scholarship Programme ,\" Shruti concluded.COMPUTER WIZ: RAHUL NAHATASANSKAR SCHOOL, JAIPURAcomputer wiz from Jaipur, Rahul Nahata, 16, is aiming for a top 20 position in the Times Scholarship programme. Nahata, a class-XII student of Sanskar School will battle with 104 other final contestants in Delhi on November 5. Rahul plans to become a research analyst in cryptography , aiming to work with the defence services and develop for them a shield against cyber attacks. His interest in this field was piqued after reading about rising incidents of government websites being hacked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17041696", "title": "Cops outpost planned at Sanskrit varsity", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is planning to open a police outpost inside the campus of Jagannath Sanskrit University at Puri following a proposal from the varsity vice-chancellor. \"Since the varsity is located far from the township, safety of our students is a matter of concern. The Puri SP has assured us to take steps to establish a police outpost on the campus,\" professor Nilakantha Pati, the vice-chancellor, said.In a separate letter to home secretary U N Behera recently, the VC expressed his concern over the perpetuation of criminal activities by outsiders on the campus. \"Security on the varsity premises is always threatened with outsiders indulging in criminal activities on its premises,\" he wrote in the letter. \"Some valuable materials were stolen from three different buildings. Though FIR was lodged, no action has been taken. As a result, lives of more than 600 students, including 80% girls, are at stake,\" he wrote.Students said anti-socials have made the campus their den. \"They sit in groups in front of our hotels and make lewd remarks at us. We feel insecure,\" a girl said. Students' apprehension assumed significance because a foreign tourist was assaulted and robbed of his belongings inside the campus, located a stone's throw from the sea. The 23-year-old tourist from Kazakhstan, Omava Daniel, was returning from the beach to the campus when unidentified persons attacked him with sharp-edged weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17043861", "title": "Mumbai school organizes its annual fest", "text": "MUMBAI: The much awaited carnival 'Beacon Blaze 2012' is around the corner.This is the fourth mega- event of its kind, organized by Beacon High, an innovative school, located at Khar West. The carnival is scheduled on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th of November, 2012 from 4:00 pm to 10:00 pm at the MHADA Grounds, opposite Lilavati Hospital, Bandra Reclamation, Bandra (West).Beacon Blaze 2012 promises to blaze a trail of gaiety and entertainment for everyone from the toddlers to the grannies and grandpas. With a wide array of activities and inter-school competitions, Beacon Blaze 2012 is an ideal platform for the young children to showcase their varied talents. Each day will host three inter- school events like 'Twisted Tales', 'Rock'athon', 'Chefs R Us' 'Colours' and '3D Art' to name a few.These will be followed by spectacular performances by various professionals and artistes of repute, some of which include singers from Indian Idol (season 6), performances by Arun and Chetan's Dance Troupe, international dancers from Ukraine and many more. RJs and MCs will be present at the venue to liven up each evening in their inimitable style. The highlight of the Blaze promises to be the Beacon High Fashion Show, which will showcase the endearing children and scintillating parents of the school as they walk the ramp.In addition, to the usual amusement rides such as the popular giant wheel, there will be a gamut of games to test one's skills and win exciting prizes as one plays along. Food stalls catering to every palate will satisfy the needs of both the 'gourmet' and the 'gourmand'.In the past years Beacon Blaze has been graced by a variety of celebrities from the Bollywood and the television world such as Sushmita Sen , Kajol, Saif Ali Khan , Amir Khan , Anil Kapoor, Esha Deol, Ronit Roy, Sameera Reddy , Waheeda Rehman and many more. This year too, a glitterati of stars, celebrities and eminent judges will add to the radiance of the carnival.Beacon Blaze 2012 is a one of a kind carnival happening in the suburbs of this metropolis and assures to be a mega event that will keep the crowds' adrenaline rising!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17042135", "title": "Month-long events will mark Rajyotsava", "text": "DHARWAD: Month-long cultural programmes have been organized by the Karnatak Vidyavardhak Sangha (KVVS) here as part of Rajyothsava from Thursday.Except on November 12 and 13 (Diwali), there will be cultural programmes on all other days in the evenings.Sangha president Patil Puttappa will inaugurate the celebrations on Thursday. Writers, artistes and eminent persons will take part in the programme. Preference will be given to youth and child artistes to exhibit their talents, said KVVS secretary Shankar Halagatti. The cultural programmes include light music, classical jugal bandi, dance and poetry sessions. The special attraction is the Kannada qawwali programme. The Makkala Kalapratibhotsava and Makkala Doddatta will see a breathtaking performance of folk and other forms of art by the children.The nine different wings of KVVS would hold different programmes at different venues places and educational institutes. The 'Barisu Kannada Dindimava' programme had been specially designed to introduce the rich heritage of Kannada culture and language to the students of the science and engineering institutes. Likewise, the programmes like 'Hiriyara Kavyotsava', (poetry session for elders) 'Naadu- Nudi Chintane' (symposium on land and language) , 'Sahitya Avalokana' (review of Kannada literature) and others have been organized.THEATRE FESTIVAL The annual Rajyotsva theatre festival will be held from November 21 to 30. Several amateur drama troupes will stage11 plays on the occasion. Besides, seminars on different topics related to theatre will also be held. Theatre experts from different parts will take part as resource persons. Total number of 20 artistes, who have made significant contributions to theatre will be felicitated on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17042435", "title": "They conquered Mysore Palace with inner eyes", "text": "MYSORE: Close your eyes and visualize a palace. Most of us can because we have seen pictures of what a palace looks like. Imagine if you were blind. What would Mysore Palace look like?Pragna Vindo Tanafara, a 24-year-old diploma student in computer applications, was thrilled to bits when she got a 'feel' of the famed Mysore Palace. \"We have heard so much of the Royal City. I will spread the word about the grand Dasara celebrations here which I learnt of during my visit,\" she gushed.The 170 students attached to C U Shah Mahila Sevakunj, Surendranagar district, Gujarat, were on cloud nine on Wednesday. For, they got to feel through touch how Mysore Palace looks like. \"We don't have eyes, but could visualize how the Palace looks by touching the miniature version of it,\" explained Pragna.This was possible all thanks to the efforts of the Mysore Palace Board. To facilitate visually challenged visitors, the board has made a miniature version of the Palace.Dadli Muktha, Sevakunj founder and administrator, said as part of their biennial tour programme they are visiting various places in South India. The institute has 200 visually challenged girls, from Class I to college. \"We will be touring Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. Our students will give cultural performance in Bangalore and Tamil Nadu,\" he added.The institute was set up 17 years ago. \"I faced many difficulties as I am blind. I didn't want others to suffer like me,\" explains Muktha. The institute has got over 150 girls married.Palace Board's deputy director T S Subramanya said that entry to the Palace was free for the 170 students. \"This is the first time that the Palace is getting a big group of visually challenged visitors. We had a question and answer session at the Durbar Hall. They wanted to know how big the Palace was, who was the first Prince during? among others,\" added Subramanya.Braille literature in English also turned useful. A guide from their institute helped the girls by translating it into Gujarati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17042521", "title": "Migrant workers are here to stay", "text": "KOCHI: Change in food habits, in many ways, marks the transition of a culture. Over the years, traditional north Indian cuisine such as roti and subji has slowly found its way to the dinner tables of many middle class and upper middle class homes in Kerala.At street corners in Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram, pani-puri and chaat centres are doing brisk business and Hindi movies such as English-Vinglish are running house full in multiplexes and theatres across the state.Even traditional south Indian hotels in cities have been forced to change their menu card for the growing cosmopolitan clientele, which include a migrant population who have settled in the state over the past five years.The state is witnessing a silent demographic change with migrants, both semiskilled and highly qualified, settling in Kerala permanently as the state offers good quality of life and decent livelihood.\"In a few years' time, we may have to converse in Hindi while placing orders in restaurants. Increasingly, we are becoming more like Bangalore and Chennai, which has turned multilingual due to a large migrant population,\" says P K Abhay Kumar, who runs a marketing consultancy firm in Kochi.Though there are no official records, social demographers estimate there to be around 8-7 lakh migrants in the state employed in different service sectors right from the construction business, gold jewellery manufacturing, small scale industry, hospitality services to food processing and information technology.\"There are hundreds of migrants working in IT firms situated in technoparks across the state. They have no doubt inculcated a participatory and team-based work ethic, especially in information technology and service sectors,\" says G Vijayaraghavan, the founder CEO of Technopark.He says many north Indian families working in technopark have purchased apartments and houses and settled in the leafy neighbourhood locality, blending with the local community with ease.\"We have learned many things from them and vice versa. Any form of interaction with people from other cultures is an education in itself,\" he notes. For migrants like Rakesh Kumar Gupta, managing director, Allianz, Thiruvananthapuram, perceived notions about the state like rampant trade unionism and bad work culture today holds no meaning.\"I have been staying here for the last eight years and I can confidently say that Kerala offers one of the best quality-of-life parameters across the country. Though the traffic scenario has become a little problematic, it is much better than, say Bangalore. My daughter who is studying in Mar Baselios Engineering College has so many Malayalee friends and just loves this state's greenery and unpolluted environs,\" Gupta says.\"At Allianz, I even try to teach Hindi to my Malayalee colleagues at times,\" he says with a chuckle.The national language seems to be seeping into the countryside as a means of communication. Even in semi urban areas many migrants from the north eastern belt can be found working as manual labourers in brick making and timber manufacturing units.Perumbavoor town is a classic example of a mushrooming migrant township in the state, which sees a turnover of around Rs 200 crore annually from its timber and furniture manufacturing industry.Around one lakh migrants are employed in the sector in the town and its suburbs and even Malayalee auto drivers are fluent in Hindi.\"It is at the lower end of the wage spectrum where there is a huge scarcity of manpower as educated Keralites shy away from semiskilled jobs,\" says S Irudaya Rajan, chair professor, research unit on international migration, Ministry of Overseas and Indian Affairs.He says the average unemployed north Indian migrant may prefer to work in Kerala t h a n i n G u l f countries. A migration study done by Centre for Develo p m e n t S t u d i e s (CDS) showed that an average unskilled to semi- skilled labourer earns an average of Rs 333 per day in the state, which is six times more than the national average.But there are issues like social security and mushrooming slums that the state planners need to tackle in the future. \"The state is no doubt staring at a diminished workforce due to lower population growth rate. But providing basic amenities to migrants should be taken up urgently so that we do not commit the same mistakes like other mega cities,\" Irudayarajan warns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17040434", "title": "Private bus crushes pregnant woman to death", "text": "AMRITSAR: Irate passersby and residents of Tarn Taran road torched a private bus after it crushed 4-month pregnant Kanwal Kaur to death, who was on way to Tarn Taran, along with her husband Luvjit Singh and their young daughter on a scooter on Wednesday.Luvjit Singh said that they were returning home after paying obeisance at Golden Temple when the bus hit their scooter from the rear, following which Kanwal Kaur fell on the road and was crushed by the bus. The driver didn't stop and tried to flee, but angry passersby and residents of the area forced the driver to stop the bus. However, both the driver and conductor of the bus managed to escape, following which the crowd torched the bus. Luvjit and his daughter also sustained minor injuries. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17042275", "title": "Nitte gets A category status among deemed varsities", "text": "MANGALORE: Union ministry of human resource development (MHRD) has given category 'A' status to eight deemed-to-be universities in India, which includes KLE University, Belgaum and Nitte University, Mangalore. Category 'A' is the top most rating for deemed-to-be universities.In 2009, Committee for Review of Existing Deemed-to-be Universities headed by PN Tandon formed by MHRD, in its report had given category 'B' status to 44 deemed-to-be universities. Of these universities, eight deemed-to-be universities received 'A' status this year.Category 'A' has been declared based on comparative assessment of deemed-to-be universities of 2009 Tandon Committee's report and after consideration of compliance report, by another committee in 2012.However the compliance report copy, which is available with TOI, states that both KLE and Nitte Universities have not shown any appreciable changes in areas like admission process, awarding of degrees, and in teaching-learning process.After the review of these two universities in 2009, Tandon Committee report had given score of 26 and the same has increased to 32 in compliance report (2012), while KLE University's score that was 21 has gone up to 31. The minimum score for the award of category 'A' status is 30.The compliance report has also mentioned that there has been a perceptible improvement in research output (research publications, books monographs, and patents) in KLE University while there has been an appreciable research output in Nitte University.On deficiencies of university, M Shantharam Shetty, pro-chancellor of Nitte University told TOI that thr university will start integrated training for students and teaching faculties to enhance quality of teaching and learning process. \"We will also strengthen teaching program and curriculum. Category 'A' status will benefit university to attract more students, particularly foreign students to provide admissions in Nitte University,\" he added.Chandrakant Kote, vice-chancellor of KLE University, said \"within three years, we will strengthen courses offered and category 'A' status will help our university for collaboration with foreign universities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041563", "title": "Ranchi teenager kills father for thrashing him", "text": "RANCHI: A teenager killed his father by slitting his throat with a kitchen knife late on Tuesday night. The next morning, he surrendered himself to the police.The 17-year-old, however, was not repentant. \"I have no regrets. He was not a nice man. He always scolded and thrashed me. Last night when I returned home he thrashed me again. I got furious and slit his throat with a vegetable knife,\" said the boy.The officer-in-charge of Tupudana police station, Krishna Murari, said the boy is the youngest of three siblings. He used to live with his father, Francis Gadi, while the two other brothers lived in a different house. After their mother died five years ago, the two elder brothers left the house.The officer said that at the time of the crime, the boy was in an inebriated condition. \"In the morning when he came and informed us about the murder, we took the boy in custody. We have sent the body for post-mortem to ascertain the time and reason of his death as we cannot rely on the statements of the boy completely since he was in an inebriated condition,\" said the officer.A neighbour pointed out that Francis unnecessarily scolded and thrashed his son and that they were often heard quarrelling at night. \"Last night also they had a tiff but within a few minutes they became quiet. So we did not bother to check what had happened,\" said the neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040793", "title": "Maharashtra may consider easing VAT norms", "text": "MUMBAI: The state cabinet on Wednesday discussed the possibility of providing relief in collecting value-added tax (VAT) from builders for under-construction flats sold between 2006 and 2010. A demand was raised in the state cabinet to apply the post-April 2010 composition scheme of levying 1% of the agreement value to buildings constructed between 2006 and 2010 instead of 5% of the works contract value being currently sought.However, the cabinet is yet to take a decision on this. A group of senior cabinet ministers will discuss the matter and take a final decision in a few weeks' time.According to senior ministers who demanded an extension of the deadline to put the scheme into effect, state finance minster Jayant Patil dropped hints that he was willing to consider the demand at least for smaller flats with a value of less than Rs 1 crore.Industries minister Narayan Rane argued that the government should bring greater clarity by applying the 1% composition scheme with retrospective effect for those between 2006 and 2010. \"Even as he is hoping for maximum compliance of the deadline, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has directed the finance department to chalk out a factsheet on implication of the scheme,\" a senior cabinet minister pointed out.Meanwhile, 9,600 developers have registered themselves with the sales tax department and the number is expected to rise further.Under the state's composition scheme, developers of under-construction buildings in the 2006-10 period should pay VAT at 5% of the works contract, which includes the cost of construction and excludes the land value, amount paid to subcontractor, service charges etc. But for under-construction buildings from April 2010, builders have to pay VAT of only 1% of the total agreement value. Builders had to pay VAT on the 2006-10 flats by Wednesday or an annual 15% penalty; there are reports that developers are asking for 300-400% of the tax from November 1 onwards.In Thane, developers made a beeline for offices of the sales tax department on Wednesday to pay VAT applicable on all properties sold by them since 2006. \"My phone has not stopped ringing since the Bombay high court's ruling on Tuesday, directing builders to fall in line and pay VAT. The developers sought clarification on procedures to fill up the registration forms as none of them wanted to miss the October 31 deadline. Almost all the developers had pulled out their calculators and were computing the tax payable to the department,\" said an official of the rank of joint commissioner.To facilitate registration of developers and accept their documents and challans, the department directed that its offices in Thane and Raigad remain open till midnight.Said additional commissioner Aruna Jadhav-Jagyasi, \"Considering the rush to meet the deadline, my staff will be sitting till midnight to receive applications.\" She expected that more than 2,200 builders would register with the department by midnight. \"In the past three months, close to 70% of developers have got registered with our department. In Thane city alone, 785 developers have submitted documents. Raigad district has recorded 713 registrations,\" she told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040554", "title": "Safety audit on IGI Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: With trials on at the Airport Metro Express, the Delhi Metro is opting to go for a physical safety inspection of the corridor before opening the line.A high-level meeting took place with the ministry of urban development and Reliance Infrastructure \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the concessionaire for the airport metro line \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on Wednesday and it was decided to get the high-speed corridor inspected by the chief of rail safety (CMRS), said sources.\"Once the CMRS inspection takes place, the corridor can be thrown open to the public immediately,\" added the official. The CMRS inspection is a safety audit. Till now, there had been speculation that the inspection may not be required. However, sources said that the ministry was keen that all safety measures should be taken before the corridor is opened. \"The request to the CMRS will be sent by next week. The remaining work, along the elevated stretch, will be completed before the inspection,\" the official said.The re-opening of Airport Metro line comes in the wake of the concessionaire declaring its inability to run the corridor due to \"financial non-viability\".Earlier in October, R-Infra had sent a letter to Delhi Metro informing it of being unable to run the Airport Metro Express due to financial losses. The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC) in turn referred the matter to arbitration after refusing R-Infra's request.According to sources, the work on the bearings is over. Once the trials are over and the safety audit has been carried out, the corridor is expected to start the operations. The line was closed due to concerns over safety as R-Infra had said that a majority of the bearings on the elevated section of the corridor were damaged. A joint survey by Delhi Metro and R-Infra, along with a third party, had revealed that over 90% of the bearings needed change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17042176", "title": "Cyclone Nilam leaves Bangalore chilled to the bone", "text": "BANGALORE: Incessant rain all through Wednesday intensified later in the night, uprooting 12 trees, inundating several roads and bringing traffic to a crawl in most parts of the city. The mercury, too, dipped to 18.3 degrees Celsius, sending citizens scurrying for woolens.The rain is likely to remain disruptive for some more days, though its intensity may ease now and then, the weatherman said.The day dawned with light to heavy drizzle, and there was no let-off as it wore on. Office-goers waded through bumper-tobumper traffic in the evening. But the situation worsened after 9pm. Heavy rain all over the city brought traffic to a halt in several areas, including Intermediate Ring Road, Koramangala, Malleswaram, High Grounds and Kumaraswamy Layout. In a couple of hours up to 11.30pm, the city received 26mm rain.In all, the city recorded 37.2mm of rainfall, while at the airport it was 40.8mm.Winds blew at a speed of 10 km/hr, bringing minimum temperature down to 18.3 degrees Celsius . Maximum temperature was 19.9 degrees Celsius , eight degrees below normal.The tree-falls were reported at Indiranagar, Fraser Town, Hennur Main Road, Jalahallli, Koramangala , Infantry Road, Rajajinagar, JP Nagar and BTM Layout.THE FORECAST\"For the next two days, Bangalore will witness similar weather and there will be intermittent showers. Maximum temperature may not cross 21 degrees Celsius,\" said the duty officer at Met department.\"Cyclonic storm Nilam crossed the Tamil Nadu coast near Mahabalipuram and is expected to move towards the north-west into a deep depression. Under its influence, rain or thundershowers are expected in most places of south-interior Karnataka and a few coastal and northinterior places,\" said department director B Putanna.GOOD 'OL WEATHERTill dusk set in, the drizzle and the chill brought back memories of the city's signature weather. \"It is a perfect evening to grab a bite of hot corn bhutta and a cup of masala tea. I left early from office just to enjoy a walk at Cubbon Park,\" said Sathish Mohan, a banker.Jyotsana Sheshadri, a student, bunked college to soak in the weather. \"Who wants to attend classes on such a day? Thursday is a holiday and then follows the weekend. Hope this weather continues,\" said Jyotsana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17042210", "title": "Ghats dotted with sky lamps as Kartik begins", "text": "VARANASI: With the beginning of the auspicious Kartik month of Hindu calendar from Tuesday, the riverfront witnessed a number of Akash Deeps (sky lamps) along the ghats.To pay tributes to martyrs, the Army personnel also lit sky lamps at Dashashwamedh Ghat on Tuesday evening.Devotees in large numbers took a dip in the Ganga as it is believed auspicious to do so during Kartik. They also hung lamps in small baskets from the bamboo tops on the riverbank.These sky lamps are kept burning all through the month of Kartik to symbolically light the path of departed souls across the sky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17042187", "title": "IMS holds 3-day 46th national conference", "text": "VARANASI: In the series of the celebration of 150th birth anniversary of Pt Madan Mohan Malaviya, the founder of Banaras Hindu University (BHU), the Institute of Medical Sciences will hold the three-day 46th National Conference of Indian College of Allergy, Asthma and Applied Immunology at KN Udupa Auditorium from November 2 to 4.Talking to reporters on Wednesday, director of IMS, Prof TM Mohapatra said, \"the inaugural function would be attended by Governor of Chhattisgarh, Shekhar Dutt. BHU vice-chancellor, Dr Lalji Singh would preside over the inaugural function.The focal theme of the conference is 'environment, health and holistic medicine'.Allergy, asthma and applied immunology are turning out to be severe problems for diagnostic and clinical medicine. Significant developments have been made to understanding the basic aspects of disorders caused by allergy and asthma. Most of the disciplines in clinical medicine are confronted with the problem of diseases caused by allergy, asthma and environmental pollution. Specialists from different fields of medicine will take part in the conference. During the conference, the visiting experts would discuss about recent advances in diagnosis and management of allergy and bronchial asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases, impact of environmental pollution on chest diseases, and other relevant topics.Meanwhile, the CHC Athletic Association, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), will organize a two-day UGC national seminar on 'recent researches in physical education sports naturopathy yoga event, sports law, ayurveda and yoga' at Bharat Kala Bhawan on November 2 and 3.Talking to reporters on Wednesday, organizing secretary, Dr NB Shukla said, \"about 200 sports scientists, medicos and physical educationinsts would take part in the seminar.\"The seminar would be inaugurated by former vice-chancellor of Gorakhpur University, Prof BM Shukla. About 100 research papers would be presented and a workshop on women's cricket would be held during the seminar.The detailed report would be sent to the Central and state governments and the UGC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039920", "title": "Gold sales miss glitter this festive season", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city could well miss out on its usual gold rush this festive season.With the price of the yellow metal soaring to a high of Rs 3,150 per gram (as on Wednesday), market analysts fear that businesses could slip by a good 50-60% this time around. The Diwali season last year saw gold being sold relatively cheap at Rs 2,700 (approx) per gram.At present, however, the response from buyers is far from exciting. Though the demand for solid gold (bars and coins) is comparatively steady, consumers seem to be steering clear of investing in jewellery.And apart from the hiked rates, it is a globally weak economy that is holding them back, say observers. \"People do not want to part with liquid cash right now. There is fear of hitting a crunch,\" said Jeetender Agarwal, owner, Dreams Diamond Jewellery store in Punjagutta.He added how uncertainty over returns from gold jewellery was also a reason for the slowdown in sales.\"Owing to various policies, buyers are now skeptical about using jewellery as an investment option. They are instead approaching banks for solid gold,\" he added.Further, adversely impacting the market is the poor condition of real estate in Hyderabad. Explaining how consumers, particularly from the elite section of society, reuse their money made from the sale of property to buy gold, analysts said that this trend has now taken a backseat.\"The low realty prices have pushed everybody into a wait and watch position. Therefore, the availability of cash to invest in gold has reduced drastically,\" said Praveen Kumar, secretary, twin city jewellers association.According to Kumar's estimates, business among jewellers is currently a low 25 per cent. Such is the case that traders are now looking out for revenue opportunities either in smaller districts of the state or cities beyond its borders.Though there is a possibility of an additional 10-15 per cent jump in sales over the next few weeks, jewellers say that it would only be because of the December-January wedding season. Even then, the buying would be restricted to limited budgets.\"While the fluctuation in price of gold is significant, incomes have not gone up proportionately,\" said an employee of a prominent store located in the `gold street' (Punjagutta to Somajiguda) of Hyderabad.Biggies in the business, however, seem far from concerned with the poor footfalls being registered at the moment. Instead, they are sure of gold sales picking up in the second week of November, days before the auspicious occasion of `Dhanteras'.\"The city has been witnessing a trend of last-minute buying for a few years now, since the time the price of gold has skyrocketed.\"And it is likely to be the case this time too,\" said Pavan Mor, owner of Mor Jewellers that has also tailor-made special offers to ensure a steady stream of customers said.\"We have revamped our collection and added a gold coin offer on the purchase of diamond jewellery,\" the owner added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040183", "title": "Kidnapped girl found safe", "text": "HYDERABAD: A five-year-old girl, who was kidnapped by a woman from Nagole on Wednesday afternoon, was found safe in Kothapet.Vaishnavi of Bandlaguda in Nagole, was taken away by an unidentified woman when she was playing with other children near Bandlaguda Anganwadi. Police said the woman lured away Vaishnavi by offering to buy her sweets . The girl was found abandoned in Kothapet around 8 pm. The woman stole gold earrings of the girl weighing about 2.5 grams, police said. The girl was handed over to her parents and police have booked a case under section 369 (Kidnapping) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17041493", "title": "Chain snatchers target two women", "text": "INDORE: After a brief pause in the series of chain snatching incidents, two fresh similar incidents took place in different area under Palasia police jurisdiction on Tuesday evening.In the first incident, the victim Shadra Devi Sharma, 65, was robbed of her chain while she was coming back after offering prayers at a temple in Brajeshwari colony.A resident of Dewas, she had come to meet her son in New Ashish Nagar.While the cops were filing the report in this connection, another woman Mamta Gupta, 40, reached there with a similar story.Mamta, wife of Shailesh Gupta, is a resident of Sewasardar Nagar. She was crossing through Shanti Nagar when two accused came on a motor-bike and fled away with her gold chain. Palasia police in-charge Ajay Jain said that both incidents took place in the evening at around 7 pm. Cases were registered under section 392 of IPC in both the incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17042028", "title": "Hoisting Kannada flag not a must, HC told", "text": "On the eve of Kannada Rajyotsava, the state government informed the Karnataka high court that a circular on the mandatory hoisting of the red-and-yellow Kannada flag had been withdrawn.The government advocate informed a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Wednesday that the circular asking deputy commissioners to hoist the flag on Rajyotsava day was withdrawn by way of a notification dated October 4. He also told the court that the advocate-general wanted to make further submissions in the matter.The bench, however, recorded his statement and adjourned the hearing to November 19. The mandatory hoisting of the flag was mentioned in the state budget presented by former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda. It was followed by a circular.The state government, while intimating that a decision had been taken to withdraw the circular, had sought time to pass a formal withdrawal order.City advocate Prakash Shetty had filed a PIL complaining about the misuse of this flag by the Karnataka Rakshana Vedike and other organizations. He had claimed that as per Indian law, only the national flag is supreme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040833", "title": "Click to see if your preferred no. for vehicle is available", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents can check the availability of vehicle numbers of their choice and visitors can get information about hotels and tourist attractions in the city with a single click, as UT administration has launched two e-kiosks.The information kiosks were formally inaugurated by K K Sharma on Wednesday. These have been operationalized by the department of information technology, Chandigarh administration.The touchscreen vehicle registration number e-kiosk would enable people to check the availability of numbers in ongoing as well as previous series. The software has been developed by NIC - UT, Chandigarh, and will soon be operational at RLA in Sector 17. Meanwhile, the second kiosk is the tourism information kiosk that has been modelled on the cellphone application that was previously launched in September. The tourist information kiosk would provide information about Chandigarh hotels, tourist attractions and restaurants. This kiosk would be placed at the UT guest house.UT secretary (IT) Prerna Puri said UT is also considering the use of kiosks for provisioning of G2C services to residents, including payment kiosks in various public institutions such as government hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17041963", "title": "Village accountant caught taking bribe", "text": "HUBLI: Shivashankar Patil, a village accountant, was caught red handed by the Lokayukta police while accepting a bribe of Rs 2,000 from Shivalingappa Solarguppa, an SDA in the high court bench in Dharwad here on Wednesday evening.Lokayukta police said Solarguppa approached Patil, a village accountant in Bhu Aralikatti gram panchayat in Hubli taluk, for deletion of his sister's name and inclusion of another name in the land extract document. Patil demanded Rs 4,000 and finally settled for Rs 2,000 to do the work. Patil asked Solarguppa to come to a hotel near the old bus stand with the cash, where he was caught red handed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17041543", "title": "Steel City cricket fans rue losing ODI to Ranchi", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With preparations going on in full swing to host the maiden international cricket match in the newly built stadium in Ranchi, cricket fans in Steel City, for whom international cricket remained prerogative till sometime back, are crestfallen.The International Cricket Committee has approved a day-and-night ODI between India and England on January 19 at HEC at International Cricket Complex in Ranchi. The move, however, disappointed former city-based cricketers, who have witnessed several international matches in Keenan Stadium in the past.\"International cricket match in the city always carried a charm. But, now owing to lack of a standard ground in the city, the proposed ODI is scheduled at the new stadium. Being a Jamshedpur man, I regret little but I am happy that now we have a state-of-the-art international stadium in our state,\" said former Jharkhand Ranji coach Kajal Das.Former Ranchi University player Sheshnath Pathak said lack of floodlights facility in Keenan Stadium was one of reasons behind the shifting of venue to Ranchi stadium.Built in 1939, Keenan Stadium named after John Lawrence Keenan, a former general manager at Tata Steel, has hosted 10 international matches, first being the India-West Indies tie in December 7, 1983. Barring, one match (against South Africa in March 2000) India has never won here.A few of the cricket lovers have, however, expressed hope that in the near future Keenan Stadium will be ready to host the day and night international matches.\"The world-class ground at the stadium still exists. It is all about upgrading work and more facilities that could be taken up at a point of time,\" said a former Bihar Ranji player and senior Tata Steel executive who refused to be identified.A Jharkhand State Cricket Association (JSCA) managing committee member said although the Steel City lost to Ranchi in hosting the proposed ODI, but the state succeeded in preventing the opportunity going waste.\"The satisfying thing is that with Ranchi stadium in place we have prevented the opportunity of hosting international match from slipping out of our hands,\" said a senior cricket administrator and JSCA managing committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17043478", "title": "Age factor streamlines choice for Kannada Rajyotsava awards", "text": "BANGALORE: Para-Olympian HN Girisha has been chosen for the prestigious Kannada Rajyotsava award this year. He is among the 64 awardees, including 57 individuals and seven organizations. The award will be given away on Thursday.This time, the state government appears to have been prudent in selecting awardees, unlike earlier occasions when the list had exceeded 170.The age bar criteria set by the government -- that only those above 50 years of age would be chosen - helped streamline applications. \"This criteria was relaxed for sportspersons,\" Kannada and culture minister Govind M Karjol told reporters after releasing the list of awardees.The awardees were chosen by a 20-member jury headed by chief minister Jagadish Shettar and Karjol. \"The awardees will be given Rs 1 lakh in cash, 20gm gold and a citation. On the 57th Rajyotsava day, 57 individuals have been chosen,\" Karjol said.Barring Koppal, all districts have got representation. Shettar's home turf Dharwad, state BJP president and deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa's district Shimoga and Karjol's native district Bagalkot got the lion's share. D Umapathi, who was chosen under non-resident Kannadiga, refused to accept the award.AwardeesLITERARY: HS Raghavendra Rao (Chitradurga), Boluvaru Mohammed Kunhi (Dakshina Kannada), Niranjanavali Shettar (Dharwad), Satyananda Pathrota (Bagalkot), Janagere Venkataramaiah (Tumkur).THEATRE: Chindodi Bangaresh (Davanagere), NS Murthy (Tumkur), Altaf (Raichur) and MK Sundar Raj.MUSIC/DANCE: Hanumanthappa Basappa Thimmapura (Haveri), Mysore Mahadevappa (Mandya), Nandini Eshwar (Mysore).FOLKLORE: Venkatappa Ambaji Sugathekara (Bagalkot), Yallavva Basappa Madara (Belgaum), Nagari Siddaiah (Ramanagaram), Vemgal D Narayanaswamy (Kolar), Palandira Devaiah (Kodagu), Shivarudrappa Revanasiddappa Mudhol (Bagalkot), Pundalika Poojary (Gulbarga), Ramesh Kalkod (Dakshina Kannada), Sangappa Fakkirappa Hoogara (Bagalkot).FINA ARTS / SCULPTURE: Pa Sa Kumar (Mysore), KN Ramachandran (Bellary), Krishnappa Ramappa Badigera (Bagalkot).SPORTS: HN Girisha (Hassan), Prakash Gurusiddappa Yaragatti (Maharashtra).YAKSHAGANA: Gode Narayana Hegde (Uttara Kannada), Radhabai Maruthi Madara (Belgaum).FILM/TELEVISION: SD Ankalagi (Bangalore), B Jaya (Chamarajanagar).EDUCATION: Bhashyamswamy (Mandya), BK Hiremutt (Bagalkot).SCIENCE &amp; TECHNOLOGY: GS Paramashivaiah (Tumkur), Sagar Dugani (Belgaum).YOGA: CV Rudraradya (Shimoga), Amingouda Shivanagouda (Haveri), Eshwara Menasinakayi (Dharwad).MEDIA: EV Satyanarayana (Shimoga), SK Sesha Chandrika (Shimoga), Gopal Prahladrao Naik (Bijapur), TB Shivanandan (Gulbarga), S Shantaram (Bangalore).SOCIAL SERVICE: Tatyarao Kamble (Bidar), PN Benjamin (Bangalore), Aravind Sitaraman (Bangalore), Basavalinga Pattadevaru (Bidar).AGRICULTURE: Vasanth Narayan Kulkarni (Belgaum).NON-RESIDENT KANNDIGAS: Linganna Kalburgi (New Zealand), Puttaswamy Gudigar (Goa), D Umapathi (New Delhi).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17041762", "title": "TV artiste arrested for torturing wife", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An Odia television artiste was on Wednesday arrested for allegedly torturing his wife, an MCA graduate in Bhubaneswar. The police action followed a complaint lodged by her at Mahila police station on Tuesday.The accused (38), who acted in several Odia serials like Maausi, Gayatri and Devi, had married her in June 2010 after a few years of courtship. But their marital life was not a smooth-sailing one. \"He changed after marriage. He was torturing me over petty matters. My in-laws did not support me either,\" she said. \"He then demanded dowry,\" she added.Family members of the accused blamed her and said she ignited faction in our family. \"Now the couple has to decide their future. We do not want to get involved,\" said B K Mohapatra, his uncle.The couple has an eight-month daughter and was staying near Kalinga Stadium in the city. \"We registered case against the artiste and arrested him for dowry torture,\" said inspector in-charge of Mahila police station Iti Das said.Sources said the couple's love marriage was not accepted by her in-laws, leading to discord in the family. \"My in-laws were initially not happy, but later they fell silent. After a few months, they again started torturing me,\" she said.Though police tried a lot to counsel the couple, it did not pay off. \"Though it was difficult to tolerate him, I was ready to make adjustments. Several rounds of counseling also failed,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17042007", "title": "Nilam loses steam as it heads to Andhra Pradesh", "text": "The Met office was bang on target in its forecast for cyclone Nilam. The storm started off as a low pressure formation over the Andaman and Nicobar Islands more than 10 days ago and developed into a fullfledged cyclone as it approached the east coast near Chennai on Wednesday.The cyclone made landfall between Mamallapuram and Kalpakkam at 4pm, but strong winds preceded the storm. Weathermen said the storm rapidly lost steam after crossing the coastline. The storm started heading northwest towards Andhra Pradesh around 6pm. The Met office downgraded the cyclone to a deep depression at 11.30pm, with wind speeds of around 65kmph.While the cyclone did not bring much rain, strong gusts of wind left behind a trail of devastation in the city. Winds of speeds of up to 80kmph uprooted 100 trees and 50 electricity poles, leaving motorists stranded and almost every locality in the city without power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17041424", "title": "Kids dress up in keeping with Halloween tradition", "text": "LUDHIANA: Little kids of Penguin Castle Preschool, Udham Singh Nagar, had a Halloween party on Wednesday. Halloween is primarily celebrated in the Western world and the school organized the party to make the kids aware about this festival.The little ones came dressed as ghosts, witches, devils, skeletons, pumpkins and even celebrities and princesses with a ghoulish touch. The children were thrilled to see the classrooms which were decorated with replicas of ghosts, black cats, besides orange pumpkins, which are the traditional imageries of the festival. Dressed as cute little monsters and pumpkins, the kids, tapped their feet to different music numbers and were later treated to candies.Kamal Preet Kaur, director of the school, said that it is important to make the children aware of not only Indian traditions and festivals but also about a variety of customs and festivals prevalent in the rest of the world. The kids who were awarded for their costumes are Devesh and Reet, who were declared the best dressed, followed by Nishan and Seshal, who came second, and Arpit and Aaravjit who were declared third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17039918", "title": "Speaker Arlekar accepts Parrikar's public accounts committee report", "text": "PANAJI: In a rather ominous development for the Congress in Goa, the speaker of the Goa Legislative Assembly Rajendra Arlekar has accepted the public accounts committee (PAC) report compiled by Manohar Parrikar during his days as opposition leader.Arlekar confirmed to TOI that he had accepted the report on Wednesday after studying it for the last few days. He said he has instructed his staff to forward it to the government and it is up to the government to decide what to do with it.The report was finalized in October 2011 but then speaker Pratapsingh Rane declined to table it in the legislative assembly. It reportedly indicts various Congress ministers in illegal mining and some other departments too.Though Parrikar finalized the report with much noise and fury, it was nixed on October 4, 2012, after four PAC members, all members of the then-ruling Congress alliance, refused to sign the report and prevented it from being officially adopted.The Congress members of the PAC-Agnelo Fernandes, Victoria Fernandes and Francis Silveira-were supported by alliance partner, the MGP's Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar, who also refused to sign the report.The other three members, the BJP's Damodar Naik, Francisco D'Souza and committee chairman Manohar Parrikar signed the report but were outnumbered four to three.Of late, Parrikar has been repeatedly claiming that his PAC report is very similar to the Shah Commission report on illegal mining in Goa. What the latest development, of the speaker accepting it and sending it to the government, holds in store for those named in it, remains to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17040790", "title": "Three booked for beauty product fraud", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR of fraud and cheating has been lodged against three Delhi-based employees of a Gurgaon-based beauty product company by Sushant Lok police. The accused were allegedly selling products worth more than Rs 1.5 lakh using fake documents. The case has been registered on the recommendation of the economic offences wing (EOW).Sachin Punni, a senior manager of Avon Beauty Products, Global Market, Sector 44, Gurgaon, has lodged a complaint of fraud and cheating by their company's employees.An investigation carried out by the EOW found that the allegation were right. \"We have lodged an FIR against company employees Manmeet, resident of Manglapuri, Delhi; Nikhil Jain, resident of Shashtri Nagar, Delhi; and Namit Sharma, Delhi; under Sections 420/ 406/ 467/ 468/ 471 of IPC. The accused will be arrested as early as possible,\" said Gaurav Phogat, SHO, Sushant Lok police station.The company manager alleged that the three company employees were selling the products with the help of forged documents. The manager accused them of criminal breach of trust.A senior police officer said that after the manager filed the complaint against them, they had stopped coming to work and have been on the run. We are conducting raids to trace them, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040573", "title": "Tax advocates seek clarity on services", "text": "NEW DELHI: A tax advocates' forum has approached finance minister P Chidambaram seeking clarity on the definition of \"works contract services\" as well as simplification of procedures for determining valuation of such services for calculation of service tax.The All-India Tax Advocates Forum (AITAF) has said that after the introduction of the negative list of services by the government, there is utter confusion as various state governments have kept certain services out of the taxation net. For instance, photocopy, dyeing and printing though considered as work contract under the Delhi VAT rules, many states still have not included them under such definition.\"This is bound to create lot of confusions in regard to administration of service tax,\" the AITAF pointed out. A press note from the forum said as the country is moving towards Goods and Services Tax regime, absolute clarity is needed to various aspects of work contract services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17040779", "title": "HUDA chief's 'violation' of HC order may be questioned today", "text": "GURGAON: The hearing on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway issue will once again come up in Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday. There are various issues, including decongestion at the toll plazas, instructions to National Highway Authority of India ( NHAI) over the time frame to integrate the make-shift split toll plazas with the main system of toll collection, payment to Haryana police by the private concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd's (DGSCL) provision of security on the e-way on which the high court may issue directions.While reversing its previous direction, the high court in the last hearing had allowed commuters to take an \"L-turn\" to go towards service lanes, the court had issued contempt notices to Gurgaon ACP (traffic) Ravinder Tomar and HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar asking them as to why proceedings for contempt of court should not be initiated against them for not complying the October 8 orders pertaining to the toll plaza of Delhi-Gurgaon expressway.Both the officers have been issued notices for removing the barricades at the U-turn near the 32-lane toll plaza and allowing vehicles to go towards Ambience Mall while permitting an L-turn in violation of the HC orders.This matter will also come up for hearing. The HUDA administrator had said following the high court's direction over installation of new toll booths, that an improvement has been seen at the 32-lane toll plaza as no major traffic snarl was reported except for last Monday when toll barriers were removed on four occasions as the queue of vehicles had crossed the red line fixed by the court.A DGSCL spokesperson said that around 2,000 vehicles were allowed to cross the toll gates free of charge in that scenario. \"Due to the blocking of two lanes for VVIP movement for the Indian Ocean Rim Conference held in Gurgaon and the changes made in the plaza barricading configuration at the behest of the Gurgaon administration, there were brief periods of congestion at the toll plaza on October 29 evening. We ensured that the waiting time for commuters did not exceed 10 minutes by lifting the boom barriers in four separate incidents that evening and allowing 1,978 vehicles to go free of charge,\" spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041253", "title": "Digitization deadline: Prospect of blackout fuels anger in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The uncertainty, the threats and the debate over whether digitization will strike at midnight, blacking out lakhs of TV screens across the city - it was an agonizing day for the hapless analog consumers. The prospect of their idiot boxes going blank kept them on the edge. While many rushed to their local cable operators pleading for a set-top box, others remained glued to the TV news, praying for yet another postponement of the digitization deadline.\"Amra ki ar TV dekhte pabo na?\" (Won't we be able to watch TV any longer?) wondered 72-year-old Sujata Bhattacharya. She couldn't stop staring at her TV throughout the day. The Entally resident remained glued to the small screen with a vengeance on Wednesday as if there was no tomorrow.\"Who knows, they might switch off the signal at midnight. I will sorely miss the Bengali serials and the news channels, of course. To be honest, I don't know how I am going to keep myself engaged in the evenings. This is my only window to the world. Watching TV has been my sole pastime for the last 15 years. Without TV...,\" her voice trailed off.Son Subhro Bhattacharya kept inquiring with the local operator for a set-top box. But he was told that they were not available. \"I have been asking for it for the last 15 days. I am feeling sorry for my mother. She has been really anxious,\" he said.The anxiety was palpable across thousands of non-set-top box homes across Kolkata. In slums, at middle-class living rooms and in affluent homes, the discussion invariably veered to set-top boxes. And whether cable transmission will be switched off at midnight.Trader Amit Pyne was livid with his cable operator. \"I have been asking him for a box for the last six months. He kept telling me that it was not necessary. Now that the deadline is looming, he has simply disappeared. I will never forgive him if I find the channels switched off tomorrow,\" said Pyne, a resident of Taltala.Salt Lake homemaker Karabi Sinha said she couldn't imagine her evenings without her daily dose of Bengali soaps. \"I rarely watch movies in theatres. But I can't do without the serials which have now become a part of my system. I have been watching them for several years now, ever since my daughter could take care of her studies. You can read books and newspapers in the afternoons, but evenings would be terrible without the TV,\" she said.None in her building at Sector V have managed to procure a box. \"Had we been a little more proactive, the boxes might have been in place by now. It would have spared us this tension, at least,\" she added.Slum-dwellers at Kathalbagan in central Kolkata felt cheated at the way the digitization switch was planned. Nothing was done to force cable operators to sell the boxes at reasonable rates or in instalments, they alleged. \"Yes, we were asked to install the boxes a few months back. But none informed us about the price or how soon it should be installed. Suddenly, we are now being asked to get them. It's quite expensive for us,\" said Afreen Hussain. Even though not a TV addict herself, she said she will install a set-top box for the sake of her mother, if the analog signal was switched off. \"It's her only source of entertainment. It would be unfair to deprive her of that,\" said Afreen, who was planning to borrow for a box.Her neighbour Sebtain Haidar feared a law-and-order problem in case analog transmission went blank on Thursday. \"It will be unfair to switch off signal to those who are willing to install a box. Our operator couldn't provide us with boxes, so it's not our fault. People are going to be angry if they now find their small screens blank. A flare up can't be ruled out,\" he said.Howrah chartered accountant Debashish Das was anxious. A sports freak, he said he was terrified at the prospect of ESPN and Star Sports vanishing from the small screen. \"I can't do without them. This is really disgusting but my cable operator has run out of boxes. I will have a sleepless night,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040748", "title": "Sachin Ahir accords top priority to traffic, health, environment", "text": "PUNE: Newly appointed district guardian minister Sachin Ahir on Wednesday said that he would take immediate steps to implement the city's environment action plan.Ahir said the plan was ready, but there were few efforts to implement it. The minister of state for industry and housing said he would meet officials of the district administration, Pune Municipal Corporation and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) on Thursday to review the status of the action plan. The minister said that environment, traffic and health will remain on his priority list.Urgent steps were needed to protect the environment within the city and nearby areas. \"The rivers flowing through the city and rural parts are not clean. Untreated sewage is still flowing directly into rivers. Civic bodies are required to treat sewage water before releasing it into rivers,\" he said.The union government has already allotted Rs 5 crore for a detailed project report of the action plan. The presentations are ready and there will be a push for its implementation, he said.Ahir pointed out that the government was planning to upgrade health services in the city and rural parts. An in-principle approval was given during the meeting to procure 100 ambulances to provide immediate treatment.Some will have advanced facilities to tackle cardiac attacks. Ahir also said that health officials were asked to take a review to see if additional ICU beds can be provided in civic hospitals located within city areas to offer immediate medical help to patients.Ahir said he would meet state home minister R R Patil soon to discuss issues about the city's traffic and appointment of additional force for the traffic police department.He said that NCP leader Ajit Pawar would remain his advisor. \"I always have good communication with Pawar. We discuss issues as and when required. There were no specific instructions from him,\" he added.Wait for CCTVs growsAhir said there was no immediate plan to procure CCTV cameras for the city as talks regarding procurement were underway. \"Besides Pune, the government is planning to install CCTVs systems in more cities including Mumbai. The government is working on two-three options such as going for one tender for all cities,\" he added.New industrial policyAhir said that the government was keen that the new industrial policy for the state should come into effect. The final draft is with the chief minister, he said. The policy would promote and encourage industries in all areas of the state and help expansion of industrial belts and MIDCs. Ahir said some special economic zone proposals were scrapped in the state, but it would not hamper industrial growth. The land can be used to develop new industries, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17040288", "title": "Railways to run special Karimnagar-Tirupati train", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The South Central Railway (SCR) will run two special trains between Karimnagar and Tirupati to clear extra rush. While train No. 02762 Karimnagar-Tirupati special train will depart Karimnagar on November 2 at 6.50pm and reach Vijayawada at 1.25am. The train will leave Vijayawada at 01.45am and reach Tirupati at 8.35am on Nov.3. In the return direction, train No. 02761 Tirupati-Karimnagar special train will depart Tirupati on November 3 at 4.45 pm and arrive in Vijayawada at 10.55pm. The train will leave Vijayawada at 11.05pm and reach Karimnagar at 4.25am the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17040089", "title": "Copper items stolen from Dabolim", "text": "PANAJI: Unidentified persons stole copper items worth 1.9 lakh from a storehouse at Dabolim-Vasco recently. In the complaint lodged by Yogesh Kumar, site engineer of Infra engineering, New Vaddem, Vasco, between 6pm on October 27 and 9.30am on October 29, unknown persons effected entry into the company's storehouse by breaking open the door. They then committing theft of 35 copper plates and 15 copper strip rolls all worth 1,90,000. The case has been registered under Sections 454, 457 and 380 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17041466", "title": "BRTS soon to have 50 AC buses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) ordered 50 AC buses for the BRTS system, which will be in by mid next year.A prototype of the buses was examined by AJL officials last month. Two companies have been shortlisted for the delivery of the buses. AJL has recommended no extra ticket price hike in case of air conditioned buses, according to senior AMC officials.Apart from air-conditioned buses, an informal review meeting of the JNNURM department was called which reviewed the project status of various JNNURM funded civic projects-including the BRTS. The official BRTS meeting was cancelled owing to the model code of conduct. The review meeting discussed ongoing BRTS corridors, the construction of new stretches and the status of IT enabled services of BRTS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040637", "title": "CST abduction case: Mother kept in dark about child\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kidnap", "text": "MUMBAI: A police probe into the abduction of a ten-month-old boy from CST on October 3 has revealed that his family had kept the child's mother in the dark about his disappearance. Sagar Mahat had been asleep with his grandmother, Ranjana, at CST when an unidentified woman kidnapped him. Sagar hasn't been traced.\"Sagar's father, Raju, persuaded his wife, Geeta, that the baby should be given away to a wealthy relative who could take better care of him. Geeta relented and Raju handed Sagar over to his mother, Ranjana, who is penniless and partially blind, within a fortnight of the toddler's birth in November 2011. Raju told his mother that he planned to separate from Geeta which would render the baby motherless,\" said senior inspector Surendra Deshmukh, CST GRP.Geeta did not know that Ranjana was bringing up Sagar at her Vasai home. The day he was kidnapped, Geeta gave birth to a girl, unaware of her son's disappearance.\"We have circulated CCTV footage to all railway police stations, which shows the kidnapper hanging around Sagar and Ranjana for many hours. The motive of the abduction could either be selling the toddler or pushing him into begging. Police teams have been sent to Gujarat to look for the culprit,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17042400", "title": "Kannada Suvarna Bhavan languishes for lack of funds", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Construction work on the Kannada Suvarna Bhavan is yet to gather momentum. Kannada Sahitya Parishath office bearers attribute this delay to funds crunch. Work on the two-storey building with a spacious seminar hall which can accommodate 250, rooms for the office bearers and an office room began in 2009.Though the ground floor and first flour has been constructed, it has not been completed. The constructed portions have yet to be plastered. The half-constructed building is surrounded by weeds and creepers, and is slowly turning into a haven for immoral activities.Shivananda Swamy, the present secretary of the parishad said that they have requested MLCs Motamma and Gayathri Shantegowda to release funds from their area development fund. But they are yet to respond. The estimate for the building is put at Rs 30 lakh.Kannada Development Authority chairman Mukhyamanthri Chandru sanctioned Rs10 lakh for the Bhavan, higher education minister C T Ravi and district minister D N Jeevaraj has provided Rs 2 lakh each from their MLA's area development fund and public has contributed Rs 3 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17042114", "title": "HC asks Centre's undertaking on early completion of JPNAIIMS building", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday directed the central government to give an undertaking regarding early completion of the hospital building of Jaya Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS) so as to make it fully functional.A division bench comprising Justice P C Verma and Justice A K Trivedi passed the order while hearing a PIL of the Council for Protection of Public Rights and Welfare.The court had earlier directed the contractor, B L Kashyap and Company, to give such an undertaking. On this the contractor's lawyer, Raj Kishore, submitted on affidavit that the contractor could give only the details of the schedule of construction work but not an undertaking.The central government's counsel, Vinay Kumar Pandey, submitted the central government had already assigned the work for early completion of the building. On this, the court said the central government should give an undertaking.The court also directed the central government to give a formal letter to the Patna district magistrate to act as the joint director (administration) of the JPNAIIMS for ensuring early completion of the work for providing super-speciality medicare to the people.The court issued this directive when the state government's standing counsel, Shashi Bhushan Kumar, submitted that the state government in pursuance of the HC's earlier order had given its go-ahead to the DM to function as the JPNAIIMS' joint director (administration). The court also directed the central government to submit details of the sanctioned strength of the doctors and other staff for the JPNAIIMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040705", "title": "Shlter abuse case: Panel to visit women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rescue home next week", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the city crime branch on Wednesday recorded the statement of 25 more inmates of the women's rescue home in Mankhurd, a committee appointed by the state legislature has decided to visit the home next week.Crime branch officials also recorded the statement of a journalist who had interviewed a woman who had alleged that she witnessed sexual abuse at the shelter. According to the woman, a gang would barge in at night and walk away with inmates and rape them. However, during the probe none of the inmates or warden reported such an incident. The police are also looking for the woman who met the scribe but the cops believe she has fled to Kolkata.The CM has ordered a probe following media reports where in an inmate who fled from the rescue home spills the beans on cases of harassment, mismanagement and sexual abuse at the home. The woman claims that she came to Mumbai from Kolkata four years ago to earn a living and was working as a waitress at a city orchestra bar when the police picked her up in a raid in May and sent to the homeThe state has already ordered two separate probes into the case. The legislative panel, which was appointed on October 5 to review arrangements at state-run shelters, would review the matter independently. Sena legislator Neelam Gorhe has asked CM Prithviraj Chavan to ensure installation of CCTV cameras on premises. For incidents of sexual abuse, Gorhe demanded that action should be taken under MCOCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17041583", "title": "CM launches nutrition project in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Wednesday launched a new version of nutrition project here. The project named Karuna aims to improve nutrition security in the state but it will presently be executed in Gumla block only in the state.Save the Children , an international NGO working with the support from Dalai Lama Foundation, has planed to carry out same with community based management technique to meet malnutrition. \"It's old version called Leadership Agenda for Action was executed for the past 18 months in Gumla block and one block in UP only in the country but it was felt to carry out in its new version coined Karuna as wished by Dalai Lama till July 2015,\" said a representative of the Save the Children.Launching the project, the chief minister said stress had been given upon women-related schemes like bicycles distribution, Janani Suraksha Yojna, Kanyadan Yojna and Laxmi Ladli Yojna but success of all of them lies upon the success of nutrition programmes and to ensure village women participation in development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039777", "title": "2 students among 3 held for vehicle thefts", "text": "NAGPUR: The dream to have their own bikes took three teenagers to steal motorcycles. The three youths, arrested by Dhantoli police during patrolling on Monday, confessed that they wanted to have their own bike and hence took to stealing.Among the trio, Shubham Wankhede is an engineering student while the other is an eleventh standard student. The third one is tenth failed. They were handed over to Imambada police where cases were registered against them. They were later handed over to Sakkardara police station as no cases were registered against them at Imambada. On investigation, it was known that the trio had four cases of vehicle thefts against them at Sakkardara police station.Hailing from a middle class family, they stole four bikes from parking areas in the last two months. Police said they had stolen bikes from Chhota Tajbagh, two from Dattatray Nagar and one from Bollywood Centre Point hotel.Cops said the boys would target bikes having no handle locks. \"They did not have a modus operandi. Neither did they use duplicate keys. Once at Chhota Tajbagh, they found a bike of their interest kept in the parking area without handle lock. They fled with it and continued stealing other vehicles,\" said police.Parents told the police that they didn't buy a bike for them since they were too young to drive a bike. \"The lure to have a bike of their own might have prompted them to commit crime,\" said police.All the four bikes were recovered by police. Cops said the boys had kept the bikes in their flats' parking area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17041581", "title": "Tribals demand UTstatus for Kolhan division", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Finding themselves increasingly excluded from the contemporary model of growth, the tribals and indigenous people of Saranda forest area have put forth alternatives in the form of an inclusive growth model. Several tribal outfits on Tuesday held a meeting at Chaibasa in west Singhbhum to prepare a road map to strengthen their movement for the Union Territory status. They have announced gheraoing the Raj Bhavan on November 10 in support of their demand.\"We demand Union Territory status for the three districts of the Kolhan division where vast land fall within 5th Schedule of the Constitution,\" said Mukesh Birua, convenor of Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Ho Samaj. tnnHolding the successive regimes responsible for overlooking the various constitutional rights of the tribals, including Panchayats Extension to Scheduled Area (PESA) Act 1996 and Forest Rights Act 2006, various tribal outfits of the Kolhan division, covering three districts, west Singhbhum, east Singhbhum and Saraikela-Kharsawan, have sought direct intervention of the Union government in the day-to-day administrative affairs of the division.\"The governor of Jharkhand happens to be the custodian of the PESA Act. How can he remain mute to our growing concerns. Hundreds of tribals from across the state will converge at Raj Bhavan and ask him to support our demand for Union Territory status on Kolhan,\" said Munda Pitambar Biruli of Manki Munda Adhisashi Samaj.Deforestation, unaccounted exploitation of the mineral resources, to benefit corporate houses and sustained uprooting of the tribals from their ancestral land, on the pretext of industrialization, are perceived to be the reasons behind the tribals demand for Union Territory status.Incidentally, over 300 tribals from Potka block of the east Singhbhum district will walk 165kms to Raj Bhavan and join the tribals, converging from different parts of the state, in support of their one-point demand to scrap land allotment to the Bhusan Power and Steel Ltd (BPSL), that is coming up with its Greenfield Steel plant project in the block, about 30km from here.\"Our experience over the last six decades have shown that the nexus between the state government, bureaucrats and corporate houses has only led to large-scale exploitation of the minerals and masses under the garb of growth and development,\" said Budhram Laguri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17039386", "title": "Dutch coach for United SC", "text": "PANAJI: Big-spenders Prayag United Sports Club are set to make their next big move, but this time it will not be signing another famous name in the January transfer window. Instead, Prayag United are set to ring the changes in the coaching department with current coach Sanjay Sen being replaced by Dutch coach Eelco Schattorie.A UEFA Pro Licence holder, Schattorie, 41, is currently in the process of obtaining his visa and is expected to join Prayag United next week. Sanjay Sen's future, for the moment, remains unclear but those in the know said he could still be part of the technical department. \"We needed a big name to handle the team and Schattorie is as big as it gets.He has handled many big teams in the past and should be a perfect bet for Prayag United,\" said a source who is close to the developments. Schattorie cut his teeth into coaching with internship at AZ Alkmaar under Gert-Jan Verbeek but he made a name for himself with stints in West Asia, having been at the helm of affairs at strong clubs like Al Ettifaq (Saudi Arabia), Al Riffa Club (Bahrain), Muscat Club (Oman). He has also had a stint in Ghana with Red Bull Salzburg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041526", "title": "Luxury car demand on rise in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Economic slowdown or inflation is no impediment to splurge on luxury rides by the rich in the state. Big carmakers are already in the race to tap the potential market in Jharkhand.Leading automobile companies, including Mahindra and Mahindra , Hyundai , Maruti and Toyota, have strong market bases in the state. Like other states, Jharkhand too has seen an uptick in sales of luxury cars in the rural areas, besides big cities, according to industry sources.The chief executive officer at Toplink Toyota, the authorized dealer for Ranchi, Pankaj Jain, said in the past two years, demand for high-end cars has doubled. \"Every month we are selling at least 60 luxury cars with price ranging between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 25 lakh. On top of that, there is a long waiting list for cars with price tag of Rs 20 lakh and above due to limited production,\" said Jain.Maruti, the largest carmaker in the country, also sees huge potential in the state and expects 15 per cent overall growth and up to 50 per cent growth in the premium segment.Commercial business head of Maruti Aditya Aggarwal, who was here recently, said the company would focus on Jharkhand as it has huge potential. \"We are expecting a growth of around 15 per cent even at the time of global recession,\" said Aggarwal.Recent reports by two recognized wealth management companies have proved beyond doubt that people continued to buy luxury products, including SUVs and MUVs. \"A report projects India having around 2.19 lakh ultra high networth individuals (UHNI) by 2016, driving the demand for luxury cars and international travel. One can easily see sales growth in the luxury segment in Jharkhand,\" said an official of Toyota looking after marketing in eastern India. A person is in UHNI category when he has an average net worth of Rs 25 crore for the past 10 years.Officials at Basudev Motors, dealing in Tata Motors' passenger cars, and Nexgen, dealing in vehicles of Mahindra and Mahindra, said, \"Price is not a constraint. People are ready to spend Rs 10-15 lakh if they get desired comfort and this is why demand for cars, which were rarely seen on roads of Jharkhand till five years back, have flooded the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17041469", "title": "Prepare to drive shrunk roads", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you are coming from Gandhinagar and approaching Sola bridge, you could take a small diversion from Hebtapura crossroads into a service lane, which is not only a one-way but will take you directly to Pakwan restaurant. This luxury is not available for anyone coming from Sarkhej.According to a detailed traffic diversion plan, those who are coming from Gandhinagar towards Sarkhej need to take a left at Hebatpura crossroads, move towards Surdhara circle, take a left at SAL hospital and move towards NFD circle - Judges bungalow crossroads and reach Pakwan crossroads. The traffic police notification claims that the service road from Pakwan crossroads passing by Muktidham crematorium till Grand Bhagwati will be one-way.Those who are coming from Sarkhej should take a left at Pakwan crossroads and then take the Sindhu Bhavan road towards Shilp-3 complex crossroad. From here vehicles are expected to take a right towards Radhika party plot and move towards Dulhan club, pass Mahalaxmi temple to reach Geet Govind Society Road tri-junction and then move towards the Kavyanjali Bungalows Road and emerge at the Palm beach bungalows.\"Vehicles would be expected to follow the diversion signs and the traffic policeman. I would like to advice commuters to start early as traffic movement would be slow in the morning on this stretch. We are taking special care for vehicles attending to emergencies like an ambulance and other government vehicles,\" says traffic DCP Dinesh Parmar.Senior officials of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) are observing the traffic diversion plans. \"If the proposed diversions don't ease the peak hour traffic, then the police or NHAI can approach us for alternative plans,\" says a senior AMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17041699", "title": "'All work, no play is not my mantra'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The 'intrinsic beauty' of mathematics has always intrigued city-resident Sarthak Kumar. From an early age, he has dreamt of becoming a mathematician. A student of Class XII at DAV Public School, Chandraseharpur, Sarthak has been shortlisted to the final round of Times Scholars' Programme.It is meant to recognize and reward the brightest young minds, 45,000 of whom applied for the scholarship this year. The final round for the top 100 to 105, to be precise - is slated for November 3 in New Delhi.\"I have always been fascinated with mathematics and have a flair for the subject. There was never any doubt in my mind that I would choose mathematics as the subject of higher studies. The challenge of thinking logically at every step attracts me to mathematical problems, however difficult, and in whatever form,\" Sarthak said.A fellow of the Kishore Vaigyanik Protsahan Yojana, launched by the Centre to encourage youngsters with scientific acumen, Sarthak gets a monthly scholarship of Rs 4,000. Besides, he has won Junior Mathematics Olympiad two times and Regional Mathematics Olympiad three times in the state.Sarthak admits that it was his father who kindled in him the love for the subject. Shyam Sundar Behera, an engineer by profession, got him acquainted with arithmetic problems at the age of six. \"My father was instrumental in improving my interest in mathematics. He used to train me for mathematics Olympiads when I was in Class IV and V, and always encouraged me to try and solve the harder lessons. Being able to solve a mathematical problem gives me immense pleasure. Is a reward in itself for me,\" said a calm and composed Sarthak, who considers eminent mathematician Ramanujan, as his ideal. \"The life of Ramanujan inspires me. He overcame several challenges in his life, all for his passion for math,\" he pointed out.Appreciating the Times Scholars Programme, Sarthak said, \"Money is a major resource required for higher learning and conducting research. The programme will not only help talented youth to accomplish their dreams, but will also serve the nation by taking up the social initiative.\"Amid hectic preparation for coming entrance examinations like IIT, and ISI, Sarthak invariably manages to find time for watching latest Bollywood blockbusters, reading novels and playing Basketball and chess.\"I do four to five hours of self study every day. I believe in qualitative study instead of quantitative. All work and no play is not my theory,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17042116", "title": "Hubli-Electricity Supply Company turns customer-friendly", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Electricity Supply Company (Hescom) will set up a consumer customer care center equipped with advanced Interactive Voice Recording System (IVRS) to deal with customers' problems pertaining to power supply in their respective areas.In the first phase, centers will be set up in Belgaum, Bijapur and Dharwad district centres by December-end. This move is likely to bridge the gap between customers and Hescom officials. Any customer who is facing power problems in their area can call through the toll-free number to the center and lodge a complaint.The nature of the complaint, name of complainant with his or her mobile number will be immediately transferred to the concerned section officer or engineer through text message. In turn, the officials will address the problems and complainant will also get immediate feedback. The customer can also get details about the status of their complaint. The centre will be attached with five linemen in three shifts everyday for each division. Linemen on duty will respond the complaint and give feedback to the centre, soon after receiving the complaint.In the existing system, consumers in various districts inform or lodge the complaint orally to the linemen. Sometimes, linemen attend the complaints or ignore which damages the image of Hescom and causes inconvenience to customers. The customer care center is working from Hescom corporate office, situated in Hubli. From there it is difficult to monitor all complaints which cover seven districts under Hescom, said J L Belagali, executive engineer for the project.Hescom IT department officials have chalked out the plan to set up the consumer customer care center and also contacted to the software companies to customize the software according to Hescom's needs. Speaking to TOI, Rajendra Cholan, MD, Hescom, said, \"To reach the consumer in no time and give them a speedy and proper service, we have planned to install the costumer care centres in every district coming under Hescom. By setting up the centres, we can also monitor the staff and analyze the work of the staff, how they provide service, in what time they provide service and in how many days they respond to the complaints.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17040108", "title": "Mandrem man held for theft at Arambol", "text": "MAPUSA: Pernem police on Wednesday arrested Rama Arolkar from Madhalamaj, Mandrem, on suspicion of stealing some items belonging to a Rajasthani tourist.The tourist, Kunal Madhuchand Mina, had complained to the Pernem police that his laptop, two mobile phones and cash of 1.78 lakh were stolen from his room at a guest house at Girkarwada in Arambol. The incident had taken place on October 28. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17039395", "title": "Delhi to finally train in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: It's very rare for a team to prepare for an important cricket match away from the venue, in a different city. Delhi are to take on Uttar Pradesh in their opening match of the 2012-13 Ranji Trophy at the Nehru stadium in Ghaziabad from Friday, but have preferred to practice at the Kotla in Delhi, which is about 40 km from here.The Delhi team had initially planned to come to Ghaziabad on Wednesday itself, but then decided to stay put in Delhi. They have been going through the paces at the Kotla, which is not much different from the Ghaziabad ground condition-wise.The Delhi team will have their final practice session at the Nehru stadium here on Thursday afternoon, the eve of the match, to get a feel of the venue. They will be in full force, barring Parvinder Awana who is playing against England XI in a warm-up game in Mumbai. He along with UP skipper Suresh Raina will arrive here on Thursday night and go straight into the match the next morning.UP have been in Ghaziabad for four days now and are having vigorous training sessions under the new coach, former India pacer Venkatesh Prasad. The UP team has already had two pre-season camps in Kanpur of 15 and three days each before coming to Ghaziabad.UP have been at full strength, barring Raina, who was first busy with the T20 Champions League in South Africa and then the warm-up game against England.Five of UP players were involved in the Duleep Trophy and they joined the team in Ghaziabad three days ago. They are Mohammed Kaif , Praveen Kumar , Parvinder Singh, Tanmay Srivastava and Piyush Chawla. However, Chawla has not fully recovered from his thumb injury and will miss at least the first two games before undergoing a fitness test after Diwali.Delhi have also been at full strength at the training sessions, after Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag joined them following their stint in the CL T20. The team has been preparing under former India wicketkeeper Vijay Dahiya and will be much followed by fans when they descend on the city.The Nehru stadium, owned by the Ghaziabad Development Authority, has hosted four first-class matches, the last being in 2008 (UP vs Tamil Nadu ). Delhi have never played here, though they have played one game at the nearby Mohan Meakins stadium in 1987 against J&K; when Kotla was not available during the 1987 World Cup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17041315", "title": "Diwali: Smog, crackers can aggravate allergies", "text": "LUDHIANA: Refrain from bursting a large number of crackers this Diwali. For, fireworks and smoggy weather around the festival can aggravate allergies.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agro-meteorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), says, \"The maximum and the minimum temperatures are being recorded below normal. The normal maximum temperature at this time should be around 32 degree celsius, but it is being recorded at below 30 degree celsius. The minimum temperature too is 3 to 4 degrees less than the normal of 15 degree celsius. Since the weather is cool, the retention power of air to hold smog is more. Besides, the morning and evening humidity too is conducive for smog. It is being recorded at 90% and 40%, as compared to the normal of 85% and 35%. It means the air has high content of moisture and can hold more dust and smoke particles\". \"These two factors are likely to increase the smog level around Diwali. And crackers will further add to the problem,\" she adds.Since a fortnight, the weather has been dry and cold. It will continue to be the same for some more time.Doctors spell caution, while highlighting its adverse effects. Dr G L Avasthi, director medical services, SPS Apollo, says \"The high smog level in the air aggravates naso-bronchial allergies.\"Dr Bimal Kanish, consultant dermatologist at Christian Medical College and Hospital, says, \"Eye infections increase during Diwali due to the smoggy conditions. It also triggers skin allergies , especially itching.\"There are, however, some residents who do not want to add to the pollution levels and go for a clean and green Diwali.Aditya Parimoo, a management student of Civil Lines, says, \"Crackers will take the smog level up during Diwali. My friends and I will go for a green Diwali. We will make sure our festivities do not harm the environment. We will light candles and burst eco-friendly crackers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040225", "title": "Finally, Icomos team lands in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The International Council on Monuments and Sites (Icomos) finally arrive in the city on Wednesday and will carry out its inspection of Charminar, Golconda Fort and Quli Qutub Shahi Tombs starting today. The city has been pushing for World Heritage tag for these structures for many years now and has pinned its hopes on the visiting team for it to come through.GV Ramakrishna Rao, director, department of archeology and museums, said the team will start its survey with a visit to the Quli Qutub Shah Tombs on Wednesday morning followed by the Golconda Fort in the evening where they will also attend the sound and light show. On November 2, the team will inspect Charminar followed by a separate visit to Chowmohalla Palace on November 3.While officials of the Archaeological Survey of India and the department of archeology and museums remained tight-lipped about the Icomos visit, they were optimistic that all three monuments would make the prestigious World Heritage Monument tag. An archeology department official said, \"Work has been moving at a fast pace so that the inspection goes well. All three monuments are being spruced up. We are confident of getting the heritage tag.\" Clearly, officials believe that their months and years of indifference to the city's crumbling heritage will not show with quick sprucing up efforts.While the Bhagyalakshmi Temple and the Chilla in Charminar will continue to remain untouched, ASI officials said that the overhead water tanks used by the temple have been permanently removed after consulting temple officials. They however added that temple officials are yet to heed to their repeated requests of removing saffron flags and buntings put up during Dasara. Heritage activists noted that the authorities had failed to utilise the window of opportunity provided to them after the Icomos visit was delayed.It was earlier reported in these columns that the series of inspections were scheduled to take place from September 25 onwards, but was delayed due to passport issues of one of the expert committee members. \"Charminar continues to have lichen on its walls and the Qutub Shah tombs are surrounded by encroachments. The GHMC had hastily taken up demolition of these encroachments near the tomb complex but made little progress. We were informed that smaller encroachments will be removed for just one day,\" said an activist.Meanwhile, a group of noted heritage activists said that the government has kept them isolated from the Icomos developments.They said that despite making several requests with the government for a meeting with experts, they have received no reply. An activist requesting anonymity said, \"They are afraid that we will speak about the Naya Qila issue where the government is clearly at fault. We want to appraise our concerns with the Icomos team but the government has completely shut us out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17042450", "title": "Breakthrough: Pill to check Alzheimer's coming in 4years", "text": "LONDON: In a breakthrough, scientists claim to have developed a new twice-daily wonderpill which can halt and even reverse Alzheimer's disease by 90%. The drug is the first to target the toxic \"tangles\" of a protein known as Tau in the brain that destroys nerve cells and causes the memory to deteriorate.It helps prevent the formation of new tangles and loosen those already created. The Phase 2 trial in 2008 showed the drug, then called Rember, worked well at low and moderate doses, the 'Daily Express' reported. However now, a second-generation version, called LMTX, will be tested at higher doses.It is hoped it will reverse the early stages of the disease, scientists said. Hailed as the \"biggest breakthrough against the disease for 100 years\", the drug is set to go through a series of trials and could be available within four years, they said. Previous research has shown that the pill can slow the progression of Alzheimer's by 90% over two years, the report said. The pill could also be given to those at risk of the disease to prevent it from striking. News of the drug was announced at the 5th Clinical Trials Conference on Alzheimer's disease in Monte Carlo, Monaco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041103", "title": "Rajasthan leader in heritage hotel tourism", "text": "JAIPUR: This is official now. Rajasthan has emerged as the undisputed destination for heritage hotels. Travellers from across the globe put their stamp on 18 heritage hotels out of the 25 best properties from India.Announcing winners of its survey 2012 Travellers' Choice Awards for heritage hotels, TripAdvisor said the list includes top 25 heritage properties across India and 18 of them are from Rajasthan.\"The TripAdvisor Travellers' Choice awards for heritage hotels are special as they honour hotels which represent India's rich past and heritage. These properties preserve a part of our history and recreate the magic to be shared with all. The awards are based on millions of valuable reviews and opinions of travellers from India and across the world,\" said Nikhil Ganju, country manager, TripAdvisor India. Travellers' from halfway across the world come to enjoy Indian hospitality in these hotels where they can also experience the charm and grandeur of our rich history, he said.Based on traveller's reviews, Rajasthan became the official heritage state which has 18 of the winning 25 properties. Six hotels from the Taj Group in the state bagged an award in the heritage category while two Samode Hotel properties also made it to the list.Commenting on the awards Deepa Harris, senior vice president, sales &amp; marketing, Taj Hotels Resorts &amp; Palaces said, \"We are honoured that six of our properties have found pride of place amongst the top 25 TripAdvisor Traveller's Choice heritage hotels in the country. Our iconic properties are special and unique and these awards are a wonderful reaffirmation from travellers of our commitment to maintaining the best in world hospitality always.\"And it's not just the chain hotels that have made it to the list. Smaller, standalone and boutique properties have also wowed guests and made their mark among the best, she said.The heritage hotels movement in the country-The Indian Heritage Hotels Association (IHHA) came into being in 1990 with the aim to sustain this historic legacy and revive the rich cultural traditions of the past. The purpose of the IHHA is to project these properties and earn revenues to help maintain and share their ambience with discerning travellers.\"Art, culture, hospitality and history are an integral part of heritage properties. Heritage properties offer an unparalleled experience that touches a chord with the travellers transporting them to an era gone by,\" said Randhir Singh Mandawa, general secretary of the IHHA. Rajasthan, incidentally, is the state that has pioneered the heritage movement in the country, he added.Top 10 of the Travellers' Choice Heritage Hotels Award winners:1. Taj Rambagh Palace, Jaipur2. Umaid Bhawan Palace, Jodhpur3. The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai4. Jaiwana Haveli, Udaipur5. Samode Palace, Samode6. Ratan Vilas. Jodhpur7. Emerald Isle - The Heritage Villa, Allepey8. Rohet Garh, Rohet9. KTDC Lake Palace, Thekkady10.Usha Kiran Palace, GwaliorOther properties in Rajasthan that were selected: Samode Haveli, Jaipur; Roopnagar Fort, Kishangarh; Jagat Niwas Palace, Udaipur; Gajner Palace, Bikaner; Gateway Hotel Ramgarh Lodge, Naila Bagh Palace, Ajit Bhawan, Jodhpur; Jai Mahal Palace, Jaipur; Diggi Palace, Jaipur; Madhuban Hotel and Umaid Mahal Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040198", "title": "Honour to perform in Madhya Pradesh, says A R Rahman", "text": "BHOPAL: With his characteristic self-effacing style, Grammy and Academy award winning musician A R Rahman on Wednesday said, \"I have been trying to come to Madhya Pradesh for long and it would be a great honour for me to perform here.\"Rahman, who along with his group, is set to perform during the function to mark foundation day of Madhya Pradesh on Thursday, was talking to media persons here on the eve of the programme.A curious fusionist, Rahman is noted for his gift for melody. When asked about influence of globalization on Indian culture, he said, \"The world is absorbing good things from India.\"During the jam-packed press conference, the questions poured in from all and the maestro trimmed his answers with ease without evading any queries. However, for the 45-year-old internationally acclaimed Indian musician, success at Broadway ( New York ) still eludes him.\"Broadway theatre success comes by staying there consistently and for the moment I am happy where I am\", said Rahman who's crossover production 'Bombay Dreams' closed within eight months on Broadway.\"Rahman's gift for melody and his cosmopolitan touch reflects the new, globally conscious Madhya Pradesh,\" said director culture Shriram Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041252", "title": "Police dept's helpline for eves completes a not so dry-run", "text": "LUCKNOW: The dry-run for 1090, the woman 'powerline' service, for the past week was stopped on Wednesday, before it is launched finally and significantly on Bhaiyya Dooj. But not before some 25 girls had called up to register complaints confirming a healthy response to the initiative. Senior officials supervising the service said loopholes detected during the dry-run were being removed.According to an official attached to the project, over 25 girls made calls on the powerline service in the past one week as a confirmation of the crying need it is aimed at fulfilling. Though the service has yet to become fully functional, cops on duty noted down problems of the girls and tried to solve the problems too. Around 13 complaints were looked into and solved after cops talked to crank callers and senders of unsolicited messages warning them to mend their ways.More than anything, the dry-run gave the police a first-hand experience of the task they have at hand with the launch of the service. Girls whose problems were addressed were called back to inform them that their tormentors had been warned and to confirm that there were no further calls or SMSs from the given number.A senior police official said that rest of the complaints would be looked into gradually.Another official talking to TOI confirmed that the callers were not only from the state capital but from cities like Allahabad, Gonda and other districts too as a sign of how far the word has spread. Citing another example, a senior official described how a girl took to task one of the male constables when she called up on the service. Quoting her, the official said, \"A female line operator is supposed to record our complaints, how come you are on the line? Call a female cop and only then will I lodge my complaint,\" the girl told the male cop.Since it was a dry-run, a male cop was sitting on the phone line, the senior official clarified, adding, a female cop was then brought to the phone for the girl and her complaint was noted and solved.The phone calls during the dry-run indicate how serious the problem was, said an official. The service is likely to be dedicated to the girls of the state by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on bhaiyya dooj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040061", "title": "Prisoner attempts suicide at court", "text": "HYDERABAD: A thief tried to end his life by slashing his neck with a blade at a local court in Rajendranagar on Wednesday. Syed Feroz, 25, is accused in six chain snatching and theft cases. He was arrested three months ago and remanded in judicial custody. At 11.30 am, Feroz along with other prisoners from the Cherlapally prison were brought to the Upparapally court to appear before the magistrate.\"As he was being taken inside the court complex, Feroz pulled put a blade from his pocket and slashed his neck,\" Rajendranagar inspector S Jayaram said. Escort constables immediately overpowered Feroz and snatched away the bladeHe was shifted to a nearby hospital and later rushed to Osmania General Hospital's prisoner ward. His condition is said to be out of danger and police said that they would slap a criminal case against him for committing the offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040787", "title": "V K Singh, Sharad Yadav to attend INLD's rally today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former Army chief V K Singh and JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav will be among the leaders who will attend a rally organised by Haryana's main opposition party INLD in Rewari on Thursday to pay tributes to former deputy prime minister late Devi Lal.Indian National Lok Dal president Om Prakash Chautala, who is touring Haryana and mobilising people for the rally, said in Yamunanagar on Tuesday that a galaxy of leaders will take part in the rally, to be held in the southern belt of state.Giving details, INLD's secretary general and MLA of Dabwali, Ajay Singh Chautala on Wednesday said that all the preparations had been completed for the \"historic rally\".Those who had so far confirmed their participation in the rally in addition to Gen Singh and Sharad Yadav include Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, TDP leader Nama Nageswara Rao, Ramdass Athawale (RPI), Bhim Rao Ambedkar's grandson Prakash Ambedkar, senior leader from Rajasthan Col (retd) Krodimal Bhainsla and former chairman of National Minorities Commission, Tarlochan Singh, Ajay said.During the 'Samman Divas rally', several ex-soldiers and families of the martyrs will be honoured, Ajay said in a release here.\"The party has decided to celebrate Lal's birth anniversary on November 1, the day when Haryana was carved out as a separate state in 1966, instead of his actual birth date, as a befitting tribute to the patriarch who played a key role in development of the state,\" a spokesperson said.Gen(retd) Singh, who had locked horns with the Centre on the issue of his retirement age, had last month visited Gorakhpur village in Fatehabad district to express solidarity with villagers who were protesting the setting up of a nuclear power plant in the area.Incidentally, the INLD too has been opposing the proposed plant citing safety concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040413", "title": "'Ban pvt practice of doctors working in govt hospitals'", "text": "PUNE: Jan Arogya Abhiyaan (JAA), a state-wide network of civil society organisations, has demanded a strict implementation of the government decision to ban private practice by doctors working in government-run hospitals and services.\"Recently, the Maharashtra government took the decision to increase the non-practicing allowance of all doctors in the government service to 35% of the salary as per the Sixth Pay Commission. Henceforth, all doctors in the service of the state government are banned from doing any kind of a private practice. The JAA has resolved to cooperate with the state government to implement the decision. We will declare a list of doctors from government service with private practice,\" said senior health activist Anant Phadke of JAA.Phadke said, \"Doctors in the public health system are often absent or not present on time. This has led to people's loss of faith in the public health system. It is common knowledge that these doctors draw their salaries from the government but they do not provide full time service in public hospitals. Their attention and time is directed more towards their private practice. Ultimately, public services suffer. Also, doctors often direct patients from public hospitals to their private hospitals.\"Specialist doctors in government service were allowed by government to run clinics (to conduct OPD) but were prohibited from giving any private service to inpatients or hospitalised patients. \"But it is observed that many specialist doctors in the government service run their own hospitals, admit patients, perform surgeries in clear violation of service rules,\" said another health activist, Suhas Kolhekar of JAA.\"Similarly, all medical officers from the Primary Health Centres are prohibited from all kinds of private practice including running the OPD. But again, in the absence of strict implementation of the rules and any monitoring mechanisms, many doctors indulge in private practice. This has a very negative effect on public healthcare services,\" Kolhekar saidDrawing attention to lobbying and pressure tactics, Phadke said, \"We are aware that the public health department is directly under pressure from some organisations and indirectly through some politicians to change the decision or, at least, to relax the ban so that doctors have a choice of whether to do private practice or not. Such a relaxation will defeat the purpose.\"Meanwhile, JAA has written a letter, expressing its apprehensions, to state health minister Suresh Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17040756", "title": "Local administration blamed for construction around IAF depot", "text": "GURGAON: In a hearing in Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday regarding illegal construction taking place within the restricted 900 metres IAF depot Gurgaon, the defence ministry counsel blamed the civic agencies for failing to prevent such construction from taking place.According to sources, the counsel alleged that no action was being taken against people who were raising the unauthorized constructions.It has been alleged that no monitoring has been done and the unauthorized construction was being raised in connivance with the state authorities.After hearing the case, the court directed the authorities to conduct an inquiry into whether any fresh constructions were taking place within the restricted zone. The court also warned the state authorities that it would be treated as contempt of court if any new constructions took place in the future.The district authorities said they were taking the necessary steps. \"I have constituted teams of officers of the municipal corporation since the action against those involved in illegal construction in this area is covered by the Municipal Act,\" said deputy commissioner, P C Meena.Meanwhile, MCG officials informed the court about the number of illegal constructions they have demolished within a radius of 900 metres and also stated the action taken against the building owners, including registering FIRs against some of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17042370", "title": "Sweet shops declare Rs 1.25cr black money", "text": "SURAT: The income tax (I-T) department has detected unaccounted income to the tune of Rs 1.25 crore from two leading sweet shops, popular for its gharis and other delicacies, on Wednesday.According to sources in the department, I-T sleuths conducted search operation at the premises of the sweet shops located at Bhagal, Mahidharpura and railway station area during the Chandni Padva festival on Tuesday.Sources said they conducted the search-cum-survey based on their own investigations regarding income-tax irregularities by the said sweet shops. The searches started in the morning on Tuesday and were continuing till Wednesday afternoon.\"We have detected Rs 1.25 crore undisclosed income from the two sweet shops. We may start search operation on other sweet shops soon\" said an I-T officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039903", "title": "Cash-for-bail case: Gali Janardhana Reddy gets bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Wednesday granted bail to former Karnataka minister and mining baron Gali Janardhana Reddy in the cash-for-bail scam case. However, Gali will remain behind the bars as he is in judicial custody in connection with the illegal mining cases pending in AP and Karnataka states. Presently, he is lodged in Chalchalguda central prison, Hyderabad.While granting bail to Gali, the judge ordered that the accused shall be released on bail on furnishing a personal bond for Rs one lakh together with two sureties for an equivalent amount before the principal special judge for ACB cases, Hyderabad and to surrender his passport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17042181", "title": "Illegal firecracker units: District villages sitting on powder keg", "text": "KANPUR: Strict guidelines issued by the administration seem to be no deterrent for certain manufacturers of firecrackers running illegal units in rural pockets of the district.As Diwali comes closer, the administration is making every effort to check the hazards posed by illegal manufacture and storage of firecrackers in the district.Accidents in the last few years have already shown what havoc wrong practices can wreak specially when the firecracker manufacturing units are located in residential areas on the outskirts of the city.Four persons were killed and several others injured critically when a huge pile of explosives in the residential block of the Community Health Centre (CHC) in the Bara-Sirohi area had caught fire on July 28, 2010.Similarly, in the Bibipur blast in 2005, several persons were killed in the unit which was running covertly without licence. Police had no clue about its existence.One such area Tikra, which has also earned the moniker of Sivakasi (the cracker-making capital situated in Tamilnadu) for the huge consignments of firecrackers manufactured here, also has the 'illegal' tag. Many of the manufacturers here conduct business illegally and without taking the requisite safety precautions.Minor children and women-folk are involved in the manufacture of crackers in these units. The administration has failed to come out with a plan to save lives lost in the business because of fissile material.A resident of the area said on condition of anonymity that illegal business was thriving under the patronage of white-collared criminals who had clout in the civil and police administration. Villagers involved in the business, however, rue that the administration is only deterring the self-employed youths from selling firecrackers and not charting out any positive course for them. They say instead of imposing a clampdown on a flourishing industry, the administration should draw safety plans, hold workshops and try to impress upon the manufacturers safe practices in the manufacturing units.Administration, on its part, has been conducting raids on the illegal firecracker manufacturing units.\"Since the firecracker trade is purely seasonal, the unplanned approach of the administration can spell doom for this indigenous industry,\" said Radhey, a firecracker manufacturer. Urging the government to adopt a positive stance towards the firecracker trade, he said people from far-flung areas came to Tikra for purchasing firecrackers on festive occasions.There are about 10 to 12 families engaged in manufacture of firecrackers at Tikra.Generally, women and children are employed to manufacture firecrackers, it is learnt. When district administration takes strict action against those involved in illegal firecracker manufacturing business, it leads to in illicit firearm manufacturing and trading, too.According to administration, though the firecracker units in Tikra have become a source of employment for residents of the area, most of these units are illegal. They operate in violation of the Explosives Act and also without the requisite licence. Only about six persons in the entire area are reported to carry licence to manufacture firecrackers. Further, in violation of the Act, child labour is engaged in this extremely hazardous job.Although manufacturers claim they have taken precautions such as water and sand storage to deal with any emergency, it seems to be more of a formality. Meanwhile, taking serious note, the city police have sped up the movement against the illegal fire crackers manufacturers. DIG Amitabh Yash said \"We are trying to get a list of registered fire-cracker manufacturers of the district from the administration and soon we are going to conduct raids to put an end to the illegal practice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17042526", "title": "College remains open on holiday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Rashtriyabhasha Hindi College on Wednesday remained open and also conducted an internal exam despite the state government declaring it a public holiday to mark Sardar Jayanti, commemorating the birth anniversary of Iron Man Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. It needs mention that educational institutes are not expected to violate the official gazette and function on a public holiday.Officials said that there were reports that the college was kept open since the principal UM Patel was retiring and it was his last day in office. Patel however said that the college remained open on a public holiday to complete the internal exam before the Diwali vacation. He also clarified that the authorities did not intend any disrespect towards the national leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17041978", "title": "Engineering student's body found", "text": "BELGAUM: After three days of intense search, the body of Santosh Bhasavanni Kumbar, 21, who drowned in a quarry filled with rainwater at Shagamatti, was retrieved on Wednesday late evening.The second year engineering student of SG Balekundri Institute of Technology, Nehrunagar and a resident of Muchadi, Belgaum taluk, had gone swimming in the quarry on Monday afternoon with five of his friends.Santosh was a good swimmer and jumped into the water ahead of others. Just as his friends were to jump into the water, Santosh raised an alarm by waving his arms and his friends realized he was in danger.Immediately, Sandeep Patil, a friend, jumped into the water, but just as he was nearing him Santosh was no where to be seen.Santosh and his friends were in the town to witness the inauguration of the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha. All of them are on Facebook and came across this spot on the social networking site. A six-member expert team had been on the look out for Santosh's body for the past three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17041447", "title": "Madhya Pradesh government working on school fee regulation Act", "text": "INDORE: Parents' woes concerning arbitrary hike in school fee may soon see a respite.Taking cue from states including Tamil Nadu and Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh government is working on enacting an Act that would regulate fees in private schools in the state. The school education department is working on it and is in consultation with all concerned departments and people so as to give a final shape to it and later passing the bill in the state assembly. If the act comes into action it would restrict private schools from increasing fees every academic year in an uneven manner.Speaking to ToI, principal secretary, school education department, Sanjay Kumar Singh said, \"Indeed we are working on introducing a fee regulation act to restrict arbitrary fee hike in all private schools. We are in consultation with those concerned to come to a consensus.\" When asked about the possible dates of introducing the bill in state assembly, he said, \"Legislative process takes its time. However, we are working to introduce it as soon as possible.\"Recently, Rajasthan state assembly has given approval to Rajasthan schools' regulation of collection of fee bill, which lays out punishment of three years imprisonment and Rs 50,000 fine for not following the rules and hiking fees in arbitrary manner. Tamil Nadu too has constituted a committee which will decide particular amount of fees to be charged by any private school.Meanwhile, parents have welcomed the government's proposal to check fee hike. \"If the government is planning to come out with new regulations before the commencement of the next academic year, many parents will be relieved,\" said Nilesh Churchill, a parent. According to parents, several city schools have already hiked their fee structure by 10 per cent to 50 per cent in the academic year. \"If a new legislation is put in place, there will be some amount of fear among private schools and unjustified fee-hike might stop,\" said Churchill.Meanwhile, private school managements said that implementing fee regulation is a difficult task. \"We have been called for a meeting related to the act but there are several points in the documents that will make it difficult to implement the Act in all schools. If government comes with concrete parameters only then can it come into effect. Moreover, the union ministry has proposed to bring schools under 15% income tax slab. Once, schools come under the slab, then it will be recognized as a company and regulating fees cannot be forced,\" said a school principal wishing anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039406", "title": "It's official: Nico to race for Sauber", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was always a matter of time \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Nico Hulkenberg was on Sauber's radar ever since Sergio Perez shifted base to McLaren for 2013. The deal was finally made official on Wednesday with the Swiss team announcing that Hulkenberg will be joining the team for the 2013 season.Hulkenberg had returned to Formula One at the start of this year with Sahara Force India, after spending a year with the same team as the reserve driver. The German driver had made his debut with Williams in 2010 but was sidelined in favour of Venezuelan driver Pastor Maldonado, a paid driver, in spite of an impressive debut season.\"We've been observing Nico for some time now and his performances have been very persuasive. That was the case in GP2 and has continued into Formula One. An obvious highlight was how he scored pole at Interlagos in 2010 despite the most challenging external conditions,\" Sauber's India-born team principal Monisha Kaltenborn said on Wednesday.The owners of Force India will be getting together for a meeting later this week to decide among other things a replacement for Hulkenberg. \"We have a meeting lined up in 3-4 days time. We should be able to announce the replacement for Hulkenberg in the first week of November,\" a source close to the Sahara Force India team told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040858", "title": "Unmarried girls too pretty up and fast", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's not just married women who fast on Karva Chauth, even unmarried girls do.And these days many of them are out in the markets, shopping eagerly for the festival. These young girls, who are fasting for their boyfriends are buying everything that is needed for the festival -- from new clothes to bangles to \"feni\" - and are particular that they don't miss out on any of the rituals.Priya Singh, 23, a resident of Sector 38 has been observing Karva Chauth fast for her boyfriend, for the last six years. \"I follow all the rituals of the 'vrat'. I wake up early in the morning at 4am, bathe and then have 'sarg'. Later in the morning, I dress up nicely and then go without food and water for the entire day. At 4pm I do puja and listen to Karva Chauth 'katha'. I then light an earthen lamp and fill a 'karua' with flowers and rice. After the puja I have tea and then wait for the moon,\" she smiled.Deepshikha Bhatnagar, 24, who teaches at a private college too has been keeping fast for the last four years. \"It's a festival of love and so it shouldn't be confined just to married women. Even after marriage, I would keep it. But as I got my life partner early, I started fasting to keep him safe and close to me.\"While some girls wait for the moon to appear, many break their fast after seeing the Pole Star. \"This is the first time that I'll be fasting for my boyfriend but I'll not wait for the moon to come out. My mother told me that unmarried girls break their fast after giving \"arg\" to the Pole Star. Also I will be praying to Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati to bless my boyfriend and me with a smooth life ahead,\" said Namrita Sharma, 22, who is a resident of Sector 35.What encourages these girls to keep a fast is also their boyfriends' love and support. \"This fast is not only kept for the well-being of your beloved but is also a way of expressing love. We are not yet married, but Karan, my boyfriend buys me 'sargi', bangles and salwar-suits. He also takes me to the temple for \"puja.\" So this way we both get to share our love for each other,\" said Nalini Goel, 26, a PhD student living in Sector 15. She has been keeping a fast on Karva Chauth for the last three years.There are also those who fast in the hope of finding a good husband. Sakshi Mehra, 23, a BSc student living in Sector 45, said, \"In our family there is a belief that by keeping a Karva Chauth fast you get an ideal husband. Even my sister kept it before marriage.\"Just like married women, these young girls too start making preparations for Karva Chauth a week in advance, which also means many trips to the market. And these days there is a rush of young girls in the markets, getting their hands prettified up with henna designs and buying bangles and other jewellery to go with their clothes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040103", "title": "Phase II of engineering college inspections from Nov 6", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state-level task force for engineering college inspections on Wednesday announced that the second phase of checks at various institutes would be held from November 6 to 9.It was learnt that a total of 120 colleges would be inspected in the second phase. In the first phase, a total of 46 colleges have been inspected.A report on these will be submitted to the Admission and Free Regulatory Committee on Thursday.Commissioner of technical education, Ajay Jain announced on Wednesday that about 436 colleges in the state had submitted details about the facilities provided by them to their students. \"The task force has, however, decided to conduct inspections even at those colleges which have not submitted their details,\" Jain said.However, following a high court decision, task force officials have stopped short of submitting the details of the reports drawn up by them on their website, as announced earlier.\"The report is confidential and AFRC has to take a final decision on what action will be taken against the erring colleges,\" Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17041604", "title": "Ration card holders to get SMS alert", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The district administration will, on Thursday, start a novel initiative to ensure an effective and transparent public distribution system.Consumers will get SMS alerts when their authorized ration dealers (ARDs) collect food grains from the authorized wholesale dealers (AWDs) as per the project titled FMPDS (food grains movement for effective public distribution system).District collector P Venugopal said the administration had received numerous complaints from the public alleging that dealers were diverting ration goods meant for below poverty line (BPL) and Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) card holders to the black market.This project had been started to stop the misuse of ration goods, the collector said.District supply officer (DSO) S Santhakumari said in the first phase this service would be available only for BPL and AAY ration cardholders. The software for this project has been developed by the National Informatics Centre with the support of the Kerala State IT Mission.There are 1,31,036 BPL families and 43,028 AAY families in the district. District informatics officer Parvathy Devi P said all the BPL and AAY families should register their names through the website of the civil supplies department to avail this service.\"There are 1,245 ARDs in the six taluks in the district. When dealers collect food grains from wholesale dealers, the rationing inspectors will enter the quantity of grains collected in the department's website. Then the registered ration card holders will get SMS alerts about the time and quantity of food grains collected by their ARDs,\" Parvathy Devi said.\"The SMS alerts will also be sent to the department's panchayat-level vigilance committee members, police officials and the taluk supply office concerned,\" the DSO said. \"We have directed all taluk supply officers to create awareness among the BPL families about the new project and also help the BPL families register their names through the website,\" Santhakumari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041101", "title": "Police apathy towards victims a concern: Women's panel chief", "text": "JAIPUR: Victims of rape and domestic violence narrated their plight and police apathy in their cases during a daylong hearing conducted by the State Women's Commission here on Wednesday.A team of the state women's commission led by chairperson Dr Laad Kumari Jain heard hundreds of cases related to women atrocities from five districts which fall in the Jaipur division. Most of the cases were related to domestic violence followed by rape cases and property disputes.The chairperson took a strong cognizance of the frequent complaints and the attitude of the police towards the victims. \"It is sad and unfortunate that so many victims are complaining and rather being sympathetic and helpful, police officials threaten the victims. This is a matter of great concern,'' Jain told the district administration officials who were present on the occasion. She categorically asked senior police officials to look into the complaints where the victims were naming police officials who had harassed them.In one of the cases, Usha Devi (name changed) from Alwar, who is fighting a case against her husband after he managed to get a divorce without her even being aware that he had filed for her, narrated her plight. \"He received notices on my behalf and I was kept in the dark all through. I had earlier filed a case of domestic violence against him but after a compromise, I withdrew the case. The police rather than supporting me threaten me instead,'' she said.In a similar case, a woman from Dausa claimed that she was being forced to withdraw her complaint against her husband, who misbehaves and beats her up regularly. \"The police were bribed by my husband's relatives and they refuse to take action against them even when I approach them with visible injuries on my face and body,\" she said.While most victims said they were content when senior level officials heard them out, several women's organisations believed that the arrangements could have been better at the lower level too. \"The cases are being heard without proper counseling and without a proper review. Rather than just drawing conclusions to cases, it is important that one also pays attention to empowering these women victims,'' said Dr Renuka Pamecha, representative of a women's organisation from Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17042197", "title": "Infrastructure projects in Naxal-hit districts to resume?", "text": "VARANASI: Some fresh developments have raised hopes of completion of several developmental projects in the Naxal-affected districts of East UP.The DIG Range A Satish Ganesh, who represented the state in a recently held meeting of Naxal management division (NMD) of Government of India in New Delhi, told TOI on Wednesday, \"The achievements of the state police were the major topic of discussion at the meeting.\"However, after going through the agenda of the meet, the state police seem to have garnered motivation to pursue long pending projects such as better road connectivity in the three districts of Chandauli, Mirzapur and Sonbhadra.It is worth mentioning that the Mulayam Singh Yadav government had proposed a large number of projects for large-scale development in Naxal affected districts of this region between 2004 and 2006. While many of the projects did come on floor, a large number of development works such as construction of roads and bridges are still pending.Cases in point are the stalled infrastructural projects in Chandauli.The road and bridge constructions were proposed to ensure proper connectivity of remote zones which were often used as safe harbour by the Naxalites. As majority of these roads pass through jungles, no-objection certificate (NOC) from forest department was required.However, this process has not been completed so far, due to which road projects including Khutahar-Chandraprabha, Narkati-Gahilababa-Dhauthwa, Naugarh dam-Dhobahi, Naugarh-Magrahi, Jaimohini Posta-Khutahar, Lauari Kala-Amdaha, Gangapur-Dhankuari, Naugarh dam-Jamsot, Kubradih-Kashipur, Gangapur-Khatkharia and Tiwaripur-Dhankuari are still in a limbo.Projects related to proper fortification, underground and secret passages at police stations and outposts, watch towers, fencing and others forwarded by the Sonebhadra police are also pending due to delay in getting a nod of the state government.The DIG said all the pending projects were reviewed after he returned from Delhi and efforts are being made to pursue these issues in order to ensure their early completion. During the NMD meeting, he said, the possibilities of direct funding to the Naxal affected districts instead of states were also explored. This, he said, was considered to avoid the problem of fund diversion and to ensure its proper utilization in areas where development is required to keep the tribal population in the mainstream.He said measures were also initiated to make the anti-Naxal drives more effective by maintaining better coordination between the police and paramilitary forces of the neighbouring states.He said during the meeting, police from neighbouring states including Bihar , Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh were asked to inform the UP police before launching any drive in their states in order to get better support from the police of this region.He said whenever the police of these states intensify their drive, the possibility Naxal mobility towards UP increases. In such circumstances, improved coordination between the police of all these states would help in achieving the desired results, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040559", "title": "Auto dealers warned to follow guidelines", "text": "NEW DELHI: Increasing complaints of irregularities in the sale of autorickshaws has prompted the Delhi government to promise punitive action against authorized dealers if they do not comply with the laid down norms while selling the three-wheelers.On Wednesday, transport minister Ramakant Goswami reviewed the issues related to purchase of new autorickshaws with the representatives of autorickshaw dealers. Asked why the government directive on submitting daily report on booking, sales and stock position to the transport department is not being followed, the dealers told Goswami that they could not comply with the order due to some technical reason.The transport department last week had directed authorized dealers to submit daily reports on bookings, sales and stock position. Goswami also asked the dealers and transport department officials to ensure transparency in the issuance of permits and sale of three-wheelers. The Delhi government has started the process of issuance of 10,000 new permits for autorickshaws \u00e2\u20ac\u201d almost a year after the Supreme Court had allowed plying of more such vehicles in the capital.People with auto licenses are eligible to get the permits. Currently, the city has a fleet of around 50,000 autos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040401", "title": "Naac terms Pune varsity\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s staff college as \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcunderperformer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune's Academic Staff College (ASC), which is responsible for the continuing and professional development of teachers, has been termed as an \"underperformer\" by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (Naac).The ASC has an inter-university status and covers teachers not only from the UoP but also the Shivaji University, Kolhapur; North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon; SNDT University, Mumbai and four deemed universities in Pune.The HRD ministry had commissioned a performance review of all the 66 ASCs in the country, including five in Maharashtra, to find out their status and work out policy reforms. This was in view of the University Grants Commission's (UGC) regulations on 'Minimum qualification for appointment of teachers and other academic staff and maintenance of standards in universities and colleges', declared in June 2010.The Naac, which is an autonomous rating agency of the UGC, reviewed the ASCs on six parameters including curricular aspects, programme delivery and infrastructure, among others. Against an overall weightage of 100 marks, the ASCs that scored more than 60 marks have been described by Naac as performers.The ASCs with a score between 60 and 40 marks have been termed as underperformers while those with below 40 marks, as nonperformers. Barring the University of Mumbai, which has scored 62 for a performer tag, all the remaining four ASCs in the state have finished as underperformers.The ASCs at the UoP and the Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University, Aurangabad, have scored an identical 55 marks, followed by the ASC at Amravati University with 54 marks and at Nagpur University with 52 marks.\"We haven't lagged behind any of the performing ASCs in terms of curricular aspects and programme delivery but we have fallen short on the infrastructure front,\" said Sanjeev Sonawane, dean of UoP's education faculty and officiating director of the ASC.Of the 13 ASCs that finished with a performer tag, the highest score of 71 was notched by the Guru Jambeshwar University of Science and Technology in Haryana. The remaining 12 scored in the range of 70 and 60 marks.Another 46 ASCs finished as underperformers and seven as nonperformers.Sonawane said, \"Our score of 55 marks shows that we have done well on the curricular aspect and programme delivery but we are lacking in terms of an independent infrastructure. The ASC at UoP has been operating for quite some time from makeshift premises near the Poddar complex on the varsity campus.\"He said, \"We are taking measures to strengthen the ASC as per the Naac's recommendations and will go for a reaccreditation in two years time.\"In its 62-page report on review of the ASCs, the Naac has observed that only 19.69% of the ASCs are performing according to the objectives set by the UGC. A vast majority are not able to perform because of the constraints - both at the policy level and at the system level. Some of them are not able to fulfil the basic requirements of conducting the orientation programs and refresher courses.The report pointed out that the quality of delivery too is not good for many of the ASC programmes. There is considerable need to revamp the evaluation system. In many ASCs, the directors are recruited on temporary basis and, in some cases, faculty members are given additional charge of director. As a result, they are not able to focus on the expected role they have to play, the report added.Many ASCs do not have exclusive buildings and classrooms or laboratories. Libraries are neither well-equipped with relevant books and journals nor are they user-friendly or digitised, the report added. There is no effective management information system to guide the decision making process and its implementation, it stated.The ASCs have so far not developed a data base for planning, monitoring and implementing academic staff development programmes. There was no review of their programmes by the participants or beneficiary institutions, the report stated.\"Innovation is unheard of in the ASCs, which should be adequately focused for the benefit of the faculty, institution and the students to face the challenges of the present day globalised competitive environment,\" the report stated.Advisory committees are only rituals and not functioning as per their designated norms. There is often a delay in UGC sanction and the courses are not announced in advance, which results in less participation rate, the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040624", "title": "Couple found dead in house; lakhs of rupees missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: A middle-aged couple, planning a grand Karva Chauth celebration for the newly-married daughter, was found murdered, with cash and valuables worth at least Rs 10 lakh taken from their house in Rani Bagh, northwest Delhi, on Tuesday night.Police said the assailants were probably known to the family as they had a friendly entry and even had tea with the couple. Among the suspects is a maid sacked recently by the family.Both victims \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Satpal Garg, 49, a stainless steel scrap merchant, and his wife, Ramkali, 46 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were strangled, possibly with a clutch wire found in the house. The assailants made off with Rs 2.5 lakh in cash, jewellery and utensils brought for Karva Chauth celebrations.Satpal's elder brother Rajender Kumar said the couple had planned a grand Karva Chauth celebration for their daughter, Ruchi, who got married six months ago.\"They bought jewellery and utensils worth several lakhs on Monday. On Tuesday morning, their eldest son Sanjay, 26, left for the family's Trinagar shop around 9.30am. His younger brother, Naveen, 22, was away to visit his aunt at Narwana in Jind, Haryana. Around 8pm, when the milkman's bell wasn't answered, he called up Sanjay,\" said Rajender.When he couldn't contact his parent on their mobiles, Sanjay rushed home around 8.30pm to find the house bolted from outside.\"He opened the door and was fumbling for the switchboard when his legs brushed against Satpal's body lying under the sofa. After taking him to Argrasen Hospital, Sanjay asked a friend to check on his mother in the house. The bedroom, which was found locked, was broken open by the police, who found Ramkali lying on the floor. She too was rushed to hospital. Both were declared dead,'' said Rajender.The family claimed the assailants had broken into a locker and taken away cash and jewellery worth around Rs 25 lakh. Cops, however, stated the loss to be around Rs 10 lakh. Three mobile phones of the victims were among the goods missing .\"The accused had a friendly entry. The family had recently dismissed their maid servant. They had also sold off a property at Aman Vihar in outer Delhi for a hefty sum. All these facts may have a bearing on the murder case,'' said an investigating officer.He added that Ramkali had a more violent death as she was dragged and her ear severed in the process. A postmortem was carried out on Wednesday and the bodies handed over to the family.Police sources claimed there was evidence that the accused had chatted with the deceased and shared tea before attacking the couple. \"The forensic team has picked up some samples for further investigations. This includes some cups. Some neighbours claimed they had seen the couple around noon. It seems the murder took place somewhere between 4pm and 8pm. We will know more after getting the postmortem reports,\" said a source.The cops are questioning the milkman whose call alerted the family to the murders. Shocked neighbours claimed Satpal had no enemies and said the Garg family was one of the first to build a house in the locality four decades ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041332", "title": "Hyundai union meets TN labour minister", "text": "CHENNAI: As the labour strike called by the Left-winged trade union entered into its second day at the Hyundai factory, the president of the union met the state labour minister seeking governmental interference.\"I met the state labour minister and informed him about the happenings at the Hyundai plant. I sought government interference to bring normalcy into working there. He said he will look into the matter, possibly by Thursday, as the government was busy battling the cyclone,\" CITU general secretary and president of the Hyundai union, A Soundararajan, said. He is also the CPM MLA from Perumbur.Union officials claimed that nearly 600 people participated in the strike on Wednesday while management claimed that only 200 people were absent.\"HMIL states that production at its plants continue to be normal despite absenteeism by 200 workers. The company has been fair to the employees and does not envisage the need to revise its stance on the issues of either recognizing a politically backed minority union or re-instating dismissed employees,\" a company statement said.The company has said it has made \"alternate arrangements\" to ensure that production is not disrupted. \"Some supervisors are chipping in and we are also workers from other shifts to stay back. We are maintaining production schedule this way,\" a spokesperson said.Asked whether the company is ready to negotiate with the striking union, the spokesperson said there are no such plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040184", "title": "6 lakh viewers to face blank TV screens today", "text": "MUMBAI: Approximately six lakh viewers in Mumbai who have not yet switched to either set-top boxes or dish antennae for direct-to-home connections, will face blank television sets on Thursday. In percentage terms, while 70% Mumbaikars have opted for set-top boxes and around 26% have switched to DTH, 4%-or roughly six lakh viewers-are yet to digitalize their connections, local cable operators told TOI.They claimed that a shortage of manpower as well as set-top boxes has hit digitalization in low-income pockets and even certain middle-income areas. Several consumers, though, said cable operators are not cooperating with them and are overcharging them for set-top boxes. Operators have denied this.After buying signals from broadcasters, multimedia system operators (MSOs) supply these to local cable operators, which ultimately provide them to consumers through cables. \"Our efforts would be to ensure that the maximum number of set-top boxes are installed. We hope to stabilize digitalization of the whole of Mumbai in the next three to four days,\" said Ashok Mansukhani, president of the MSOs' Alliance.Jagdish Joshi of the Eastern Cable Operators' Welfare Association said set-top boxes are not available in certain pockets. Joshi said operators would now fight with broadcasters and MSOs to ensure better revenue benefits to operators as well as consumers.Cable Operators Distributors' Association president Anil Parab said they have convened a meeting of all 3,000 operators in the city at Rang Sharda to decide on the agitation plan over the digitalization issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17042050", "title": "BRTS fleet gets bigger in Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: Two more air-conditioned buses have been deployed on Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor on 150-feet Ring Road by Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC). The number of buses plying on the 10.7km-long corridor from Gondal Chowkdi to Madhapar Chowkdi has now gone up to four.Sources said that with the plying of these two new buses, commuters will now get a bus at each of 18 bus stops every 20 minutes.The BRTS project is being implemented under Centre sponsored Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in the city. RMC started running semi-high floor AC buses on BRTS corridor from October 1 in the city. With a view to popularize the service amongst the masses as a viable public transport, RMC is not charging anything from commuters for the first three months.RMC plans to deploy 10 buses on BRTS corridor before November end. \"The idea is that commuters should get a bus at every bus stop every eight minutes once all the 10 buses are deployed,'' an official said.He added that process to fix the ticket price for BRTS buses is underway and would be implemented from January onwards. \"We have decided that the minimum rate would be Rs 5 and maximum would be Rs 19,'' the official said. RMC has given contract to run the buses to a Rajasthan-based firm which will operate and maintain the AC buses.Officials claimed that BRTS service has received an overwhelming response from people. On an average, 5,000 commuters use buses daily and we are hopeful that the number of commuters will increase in the coming days as number of buses on corridor increases, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039787", "title": "Team Anna NGOs under lens over foreign funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: NGOs affiliated to Team Anna members are under scanner for foreign funds utilization, the Centre informed the Delhi High Court Wednesday.Filing a status report the home ministry told a division bench, comprising Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw, that a questionnaire has also been sent to registered NGOs like Kabir, India Vision Foundation and Navjyoti Foundation to verify if any foreign funds have been misused.The ministry said its team has also visited and inspected the offices of Kabir and collected a few documents that are being scrutinized. Appearing for Centre Additional Solicitor General Rajeeve Mehra and standing Counsel Sumeet Pushkarna assured the court they will file a comprehensive report in three weeks time.The HC was taking stock of a case where it had asked a lawyer petitioner to approach the ministry with his charges of misuse of foreign funding by Team Anna to spearhead the anti-graft stir. The court had earlier asked the Centre to treat a PIL filed by Manohar Lal Sharma, an advocate, as a representation.The bench had directed the Centre on May 30 to treat Sharma's plea to the court for probe into the alleged foreign funding of anti-graft campaigners as a representation and dispose it of in three months and file a status report.Sharma had alleged that Team Anna got foreign funding in violation of the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act (FCRA). He claimed FCRA stipulates the Centre's permission for receiving foreign funding, but Team Anna has got the same without the requisite permission and the government has failed to act against them.Citing a list of some foreign organizations as alleged donors, the lawyer had sought the court order to declare the agitation launched by Team Anna as illegal.\"Court be pleased to declare foreign-sponsored agitation as illegal, unconstitutional...,\" Sharma said, also seeking prosecution of the members of Team Anna under FCRA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041214", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority demolishes Natwar Goel's 20 illegal shops near Ayodhya Palace", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another blow to former vice-chairman of khadi board Natwar Goel, booked for allegedly thrashing a press photographer clicking pictures of his alleged unauthorised constructions, the Lucknow Development Authority has demolished 20 shops owned by him on the Valmiki Road in Lalbagh near Ayodhya Palace.The LDA officials said Goel had constructed the shops without getting maps sanctioned by the authority. An official said, \"Goel was keen on getting the work done at any cost. He tried all sorts of power tactics to get the maps approved and before we could approve them, he had got the structures constructed. We had no option but to demolish them.\"About a week ago, Goyal and his men had allegedly beaten up a news photographer shooting pictures of the unauthorised construction on the land of Kamal Junior High School in Lalbagh, after which he was taken into custody and sent to jail.After being assaulted physically by Goel and his guards, the victim had lodged a number of serious complaints under various Sections of the IPC . The chief minister took serious view of the incident and ordered immediate expulsion of the minister from the party as well as post. He had also cautioned that such misbehaviour by any minister could not be tolerated.Goel is accused of carrying out construction at Ayodhya Palace without getting its map sanctioned by the LDA. An official in the LDA said, \"Though the group housing plan has been sanctioned by the LDA on the Ayodhya Palace site, it has not been released so far. How could he proceed with construction work?\"Goel allegedly approached the LDA to get his map passed for Ayodhya Palace site around June. But he could not do so as this land came under the purview of Archaeological Survey of India (ASI). He did not have the ASI's NOC for the land either. His file was then sent to the ASI's national authority. Some officials said though the map was sanctioned a few days back, it was not released. Goel allegedly started construction on the site without taking prior approval of the authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039999", "title": "TDP may seek disqualification of 6 MLAs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Stunned by the exodus of legislators, Telugu Desam Party (TDP) has decided to act tough on them for deserting the party. In all probability, it will write to assembly Speaker seeking disqualification of six of its legislators.Joining the list of MLAs who were suspended from the party on the ground of anti-party activities on Wednesday was T Vanitha, daughter of former MLA Babaji Rao, elected from Gopalapuram constituency (SC) in West Godavari district. She announced that she would be joining the YSR Congress in the presence of its honorary president YS Vijayamma on November 4. \"I am targeted in my constituency by the party, my opponents are being encouraged\" she said.The MLAs whose disqualification will be sought by TDP are S Venugopala Chary (Mudhole - Adilabad), K Harishwar Reddy (Parigi - Rangareddy), A Praveen Kumar Reddy (Thambalapalle - Chittoor), T Vanitha (Gopalapuram - West Godavari), Chinnam Ramakotaiah (Nuzvid - Krishna), and Kodali Sri Venkateswara Rao alias Nani (Gudivada - Krishna). \"In principle, we have decided to write to speaker, but we need to take the approval of our president N Chandrababu Naidu who is on a padayatra now, after that we will decide whether to give the letter to speaker during the next session or earlier,\" TDP MLC Babu Rajendra Prasad told TOI.Palamaneru MLA N Amaranth Reddy may also follow the suit soon. According to sources, he may join YSR Congress party. Apart from these leaders, some others including Sankineni Venkateswar Rao, Bhongir MLA Uma Madhava Reddy's son Sandeep Reddy, who is also reportedly keen on joining the YSRCP.Meanwhile, Chinnam Ramakotaiah, who is inching towards the ruling Congress, slammed TDP saying he would write to the Election Commission seeking cancellation of recognition to the TDP if the party sought his disqualification. \"The party cannot suspend a MLA elected on its ticket without proving that he had indulged in anti-party activists,\" he said claiming that he is yet receive any notice from the party on his suspension.Though TDP leaders including its president Chandrababu from time to time have ruled out any damage to the party due to defections, but the rising number in recent times has become a serious concern to the party. According to sources, many more leaders are likely to leave the party soon. TDP MLA from Mantralayam in Kurnool, Balnagireddy also met YSR Congress leader Jagan before he was jailed. But no decision has been taken regarding his expulsion from the party. Party sources say that he also likely to join the YSR Congress. On the other hand, MLA Harishwar Reddy reportedly said that most of the TDP MLAs from Telangana and even some former ministers would join the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039865", "title": "Many Nagpur University students set to lose year as reval results delayed", "text": "NAGPUR: Thousands of Nagpur University students are on the verge of losing their academic year, thanks to inefficiency of university's exam section and evaluators. The second phase of exams are commencing from November 5 but NU has yet to announce revaluation results, eventhough three to four months have gone since application, students told TOI.A glaring example is that NU declared revaluation results of BE first year summer exam (conducted in April) this week, after a gap of over four months. The regular result was released in June first week. NU had received over 16,000 revaluation application for this course, perhaps a record though a dubious one reflecting poorly on original valuation. NU is yet to announce results of BE fourth semester, even as its winter exams are beginning next Monday. Similar is the case with LLB five-year course, science and arts students, who throng the exam section everyday only to return disappointed.Even those denied admission in regular courses after being declared passed in revaluation visit the university for relief, but are shown the door by the NU officials citing rules. They were denied admission as NU failed to declare revaluation results within stipulated 45 days norm. By that time, the extended deadline for securing a seat was already over. NU employees told the aggrieved students that revaluation was an additional facility provided for their benefit and there can't be any time-frame for declaring its results.Controller of Examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke stated that since the students failed to complete stipulated 90-days session, they can't be granted admission. He attributed the delay in declaring results to severe shortage of regular teachers for evaluating answer-sheets. Vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal had proposed an amendment in the lengthy revaluation system by doing away with the condition requiring students obtain photocopies of answer-sheets and introducing old system of direct application to expedite the process but even that is being delayed for unknown reasons.Senate member Mohan Bajpayee condemned the NU administration for harassing the students and extorting money from them under the pretext of revaluation. He said he would be raising this issue in the Senate meeting on November 3. Even aggrieved students and their organizations are planning an agitation on the same date. They demanded that NU should scrap the revaluation system if officials were unable to declare results in time.\"I went to the university and the officials told me the revaluation results will take another month. When I requested them, they very arrogantly told me to appear for winter exam and use that marksheet for taking admission to second year,\" said Rachna Pande, a first year computer science students, terming her experience in Exam Section as \"disgusting\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17040105", "title": "Woman robbed by motorcyclists", "text": "PANAJI: A woman from Manipur has complained to the police that two unknown persons riding on a motorcycle robbed her of her bag containing valuables at Malim-Betim in Bardez taluka.The woman, Saihmingaliali Salio, presently residing at Taleigao, told police that she was near the Malim circle when two persons on a motorcycle snatched her brown shoulder bag containing a pan card, driving license, ATM card, payback card, two cellphones including an i-Phone costing 21,000 and a blue Chinese-make phone costing 1,500 along with cash of 2,000. The total worth of items stolen was estimated to be 24,500. A case has been registered under Sections 356 and 379 read with Section 34 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17042295", "title": "Farmers rue excess rain as samba crop inundated", "text": "TRICHY: Delta farmers have been put to a lot of hardship this year. First, they cried for water from Mettur dam, and now that the northeast monsoon has set in, they are praying for the rains to go away as they fear that the samba seedlings will rot.As Kuruvai cultivation was unsuccessful in the delta districts of Thanjavur, Tiruvarur, Nagapattinam and Trichy due to water scarcity, expectations had grown among farmers for a successful samba cultivation. But their hopes vanished owing to the delay in release of water from Karnataka. Many farmers began samba cultivation nearly a month later after Karnataka released water following the Supreme Court order. However, the water from Karnataka gradually reduced. At this juncture, the northeast monsoon came in during mid-October. Since then, intermittent rains have occurred in delta districts. Though it infused the fresh hope that the rain would help samba cultivation even if Karnataka failed to release water, there was not continuous rain. However, for the past two days, the delta district received moderate rainfall by way of monsoon as well as the deep depression in the Bay of Bengal.Even though the rain was considered a gift for samba cultivation, farmers felt it had played spoilsport.R Sugumaran, district president of Tamilaga Vivasayigal Sangam, said \"Around 1,000 acres of nurseries for samba cultivation were inundated with rainwater over the past two days in Thanjavur district. We commenced samba cultivation just 25 days back. Hence, the seedlings in the nurseries have not grown to the level of withstanding such rain. But the rainwater stagnating in the nurseries could damage the seedlings if the water does not drain by tomorrow. If rain continues for the next two days, the seedlings will rot. We have already spent a lot of money on seedlings.\"Likewise, S Shanmuganathan, Nagapattinam district president of the Confederation of Indian Farmers Association (CIFA), said, \"The rains this season have not helped samba cultivation. In Tiruvarur and Nagapattinam, farmers go in for direct sowing. Since Kuruvai was not fruitful, we had expectations from samba. But once again we got disappointed as the directly sown samba plants are on the verge of rotting. The water would have easily drained if the public works department (PWD) had de-silted the irrigation canals.\"\"In Peramabalur district, lakes had been deepened and strengthened before the rains and hence the rainwater could not be stored,\" said P Viswanathan, state president of the Tamil Nadu Pond and River Water Irrigation Farmers Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17043957", "title": "BR Shetty attack case: Chhota Rajan aide arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Wednesday took the custody of Chhota Rajan aide Rohit Tangappan Satish alias Kalia in connection with firing on hotelier BR Shetty. Kalia was produce before the court and was remanded to police custody till November 6.October 3, Shetty, who runs a chain of hotels in Mumbai, Dubai and Malaysia was shot at by two unknown motorcyclist near Funcity in Andheri. He received bullet injury on his shoulder and is still recovering.During the course of investigation, police arrested a property dealer Nityanand Nayak from Dharavi who spill the beans on other accused. Last week police arrested Kalia's cousin Selvan Challappan Daniel who revealed that the conspiracy was hatched by Kalia.Police on Wednsday took custody of Kalia from Arthur road jail. Kalia who has been booked under the stringent act of MCOCA, had shot dead journalist J Dey.Police beleives We will interrogate Kalia to know the motive behind the conspiracy. So far it appears it to be handiworkm of Chhota Rajan.'' said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police. Nayak told police that he had got Rs 2 lakh to identify Shetty to shooters.Nayak also told that two other property dealers- Gurudip Singh alias Bobby and Talvinder alias Sonu from Sion Koliwada were also involved in the crime.The dispute is prima facie related to a huge chuck of SRA project in Dharavi which a reputed builder was eyingi. Shetty had put up few of his posters in Dharavi during the Ganesh Chaturthi and builder who was eyeing the project thought, Shetty may become an hurdle,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040655", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation acts against encroachments in Kalewadi, adjoining areas", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation demolished nine unauthorized structures, measuring about 13,000 sq ft, in Kalewadi on Wednesday.Shirish Poreddy, a spokesperson for the engineering department of the PCMC said, \"Six buildings were located in the Nadhenagar area of Kalewadi and near the Kalewadi-Pimpri bridge. Fifty police personnel from Sangvi police station provided bandobast for the drive.\" On Tuesday, the PCMC had razed two unauthorised buildings near the Dapodi bridge in Pimple Gurav. One three-storey building with an area of 6,000 sq ft and another three-storey building measuring 2,800 sq ft were demolished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040818", "title": "Boy killed as car hits 2-wheeler", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 12-year-old boy was killed and his landlady critically injured when a speeding car hit their two-wheeler near railway light-point, Manimajra, on Wednesday morning. The woman, who received multiple injuries, is admitted to PGI.The incident took place when Krishna, a resident of Shastri Nagar in Manimajra, was returning home along with the boy, Ashish Kumar, from IT Park.They were taken to Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16, where the boy was declared brought dead. The woman was referred to PGI because of her critical condition.Sub-inspector Balbir Kanda said, \"We have registered a case of rash and negligent driving and arrested the car driver, Sandeep, who is a resident of Manimajra.\"The father of the boy, who was the youngest in his family, is a labourer. Sources in police said the area near railway light-point was accident prone, with many vehicles taking the stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040015", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWhy nuclear liability waiver for Russian company\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Attorney general G E Vahanvati has reservations over the ministry of external affairs' backing for grant of a nuclear liability law waiver to the Russian manufacturer for Units 3 and 4 of Kudankulam nuclear power plant on the ground that while this could be legal under a 2008 inter-governmental agreement, it might not be prudent.The Centre, already facing public protests and litigation in Supreme Court on issues ranging from liability waiver to safety of KNPP Units 1 and 2, had sought the AG's opinion on legality of a proposal before the Cabinet Committee on Security, which read, \"Authorize Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd not to exercise operators' right to recourse under Section 17 of the Civil Liability for Nuclear Damages Act, 2010.\"Keeping in mind that the Civil Liability for Nuclear Damages Act, 2010 came into force on November 11, 2011, the AG said, \"The views of the MEA cannot be said to be legally wrong but a question may arise about the advisability of such a waiver, particularly when NPCIL is a public sector undertaking and the failure to provide for and have recourse against supplier would ultimately impact public funds.\"Under the Inter-Governmental Agreement (IGA) of December 5, 2008, it was agreed to set up additional nuclear power plant Units 3 and 4 at Kudankulam. Russian organization Atmostroyexport (ASE) submitted a techno commercial offer (TCO) for the scope of work including the terms related to nuclear risk and liabilities for the construction of two additional units at Kudankulam to Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL) in June 2009.Vahanvati argued, \"Non-recourse or limited recourse may entail a burden on the tax payer, particularly when the nuclear programme is being implemented through a PSU and having regard to the provisions of Section 7, where the ultimate liability is that of the central government.\"The top law officer was aware that it was a serious policy issue ordinarily resting in the domain of the executive but he reminded the government that identical issues were pending before the apex court.The government had asked, \"Would it be prudent to waive the right to recourse in regard to Russia only when Section 17 is applicable to all nuclear installations, keeping in view the provisions of Inter-Governmental Agreement with Russia? No such provision exists in the existing IGA with other countries.\"Vahanvati said this was not an issue of law but one of propriety and prudence. \"The ultimate test would be whether there is no choice commercially and whether there is no option but to agree to the waiver, as demanded,\" he said.\"As far as the other countries are concerned, I do not agree with the MEA that there could be no objection on the international law angle and a third state cannot demand similar rights as a mater of right. The impact of giving a waiver to one country on the agreements with other countries cannot be kept out of consideration,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17039901", "title": "Mumbai police ask 20 people to recount bar row", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after getting interim anticipatory bail from a sessions court judge, 31-year-old advocate Archit Jaykar and co-accused Ritik Bhasin, partner in LIV lounge bar, marked their attendance at the MRA Marg police station on Wednesday. The court had ordered that they should present themselves for an hour every evening for three days at the police station to get their statements recorded.Meanwhile, additional commissioner of police Krishna Prasad has sought statements and a factual recount from about 20 people who were present at LIV lounge early Saturday morning, when the bar was raided for staying open beyond the 1.30am deadline and nearly 200 patrons were hauled to the MRA Marg police station. The 20 people are expected to give their statements by Friday.The police have charged Jaykar and Bhasin under four sections, including assault and obstructing the police from doing their duty. The two were charged after the police raided LIV. Police said Jaykar and Bhasin threatened the officers on duty with dire consequences, while the duo has maintained that they only questioned why the police had brought women to the police station without justification.On Wednesday, Jaykar and Bhasin were met by an officer at the police station near CST. They were asked to give their statements in writing, which they will submit on Thursday. \"The officer was very polite and we marked our attendance,\" said Jaykar. He said they also met Prasad for more than half-an-hour at Byculla.On Tuesday, the duo had sought anticipatory bail from a sessions court judge as they said the sections invoked against them were non-bailable. Their lawyer Aabad Ponda had pointed out that, if the alleged offence attracts a punishment of up to seven years, the law required the police to first issue a notice to appear at the police station. In this case, the maximum punishment for obstructing the police from doing their duty is two years in jail.Senior inspector Padmakar Juikar confirmed that the two went to the police station on Wednesday. \"Whether they admit they manhandled the police or not, we have electronic evidence to prove it. The two will be visiting the police station for the next two days and our investigation is continuing,\" said Juikar. When asked whether the police asked them to deposit their passports, Juikar declined to comment. \"We have to probe the case from all angles and we have evidence in CDs now.\"The next hearing is on November 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040226", "title": "Rahaman-mania grips Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Like music mastero A R Rahman's music- described by many as fusion of the east and west-his shows too challenge the limits. The multicultural show to be held on the foundation day of Madhya Pradesh here on Thursday evening would showcase musicians, artists, techies and sounds from around the world.Consider this: An average film award show has 150-160 intelligent lights, the Thursday show at the Police Parade grounds, will have double the number. \"In terms of quality of lights, sound and video, it surpasses the most upscale productions in the country,\" said co-event organizer and spokesperson for Core Networks , an event production company for Rapport Global Events. \"With Rahman, we have a hope to scale up production value every time we stage a show,\" he said.For the kind of music Rahman creates, it requires more than the conventional 10 or 12 piece band. With about a dozen musicians in the compact show in Bhopal , the rest would be supplemented with technology.\"Just two big mixers on the stage have about a 100-input music source on each side. But unlike most other shows, one can seldom notice a wire on the stage. Everyone is on in-ears,\" explained a technician during the late-night rehearsal.\"It is not just the music, the light effects with about 200-moving heads is a treat to the eye,\" said Vinod Thakur of Ravi Disco Lights. \"The timing of the lights has to be perfectly in tune with the music,\" he said.Although the stage looks higher, those looking for enjoyment up-close may get disappointed as it does not have a standing area for audience, a standard practice in international shows. However, for the event in Bhopal, people would be seated watching the artist move on two hydraulic ramps.\"It will be a compact show and the production quality would leave an impression among the viewers for a long time. The show will keep eyeballs glued to the stage,\" he said explaining the audio-visual beats and cutting edge technology used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041259", "title": "Haldia Bulk Terminals walks out, Bengal loses out in Haldia mess", "text": "KOLKATA: After a month-long impasse, riddled with complaints of violence, cargo handling firm Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) on Wednesday announced it was quitting Haldia port because of unsafe work conditions. The immediate trigger for the pullout seems to have been the alleged kidnap of three of its officials around midnight on Monday.Only a day ago, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had said all was well at Haldia. It was her first comment in the entire controversy. The Bengal administration has consistently denied there was anything wrong at Haldia port but HBT \u00e2\u20ac\u201d jointly promoted by French logistics company LDA and ABG group of India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d made its anguish known on Wednesday.\"With a deep sense of disappointment we have to inform you that we have been left with no option but to walk out from Haldia Dock Complex with immediate effect. The ever-worsening situation at Haldia has left us feeling betrayed,\" HBT CEO Gurdeep Malhi said in a media statement\"The economy of Bengal has once again been denied the opportunity of growth, modernization and development. Indian and foreign investors will succeed in finding other locations which are investor-friendly and conducive for business. Sooner rather than later, Bengal will have to choose to make itself attractive and viable for investors, otherwise progress will continue to elude the state,\" Malhi remarked. \"We cannot work in an environment where the authorities responsible for ensuring law and order and success of the project have openly renounced and abandoned their responsibilities,\" he said.HBT informed the Calcutta high court and the KoPT management of its decision on Wednesday. Its counsel Samaraditya Pal told the vacation bench of Justice Dr Sambuddha Chakrabarti the decision was solely guided by deteriorating law and order in Haldia.KoPT chairman-in-charge Manish Jain termed HBT's actions as \"obnoxious\". Unless HBT resumes operations, KoPT will be forced to impose the 'risk-purchase' clause, under which HBT would have to bear the additional expenses that the port would incur in appointing a fresh contractor, he said.HBT says it will also seek compensation from KoPT. \"We know KoPT won't agree to pay us. We will then wait for the court's decision. There is no question of paying compensation to KoPT. We fulfilled all our obligations. We were simply not given an environment to work. We shall also demand repayment of the money paid for police protection,\" Malhi said. In the letter of 'termination of contract' to KoPT, HBT has blamed the port authority for its problems.Jain said HBT had no right to terminate the contract. \"We won't allow their equipment to leave the HDC premises. We asked them to tell us about their problems. They never told us of the problems such as excess manpower or non-deposit of PF and ESI contributions. We urged them not to go for retrenchment as this may lead to a law-and-order situation. We went out of our way to ensure smooth operations at HDC but they took steps that can make us lose face before trade,\" Jain said.Malhi said HBT was suffering huge losses at Haldia. \"We sustained a loss of nearly Rs 60 crore in the last couple of years. We were made to believe that we would get to handle 18 million tonnes of cargo per year. We should have got at least 50% of that volume. KoPT defaulted on its obligation to allot us this volume due to vested interests. In August this year, we informed KoPT that unless we receive 9 million tonnes of cargo every year, we would have to suspend operations,\" Malhi said.Jain says KoPT never assured HBT any minimum tonnage. \"We simply agreed to try and ensure that their berths are never vacant. Never has it happened that one of their berths remained empty while a ship waited at the Sandheads,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17039768", "title": "Congress drops Louise CD bomb on IAC", "text": "KANPUR: In an attempt to play the spoilsport for Arvind Kejriwal's November 1 rally in Farrukhabad, the Congress has released CDs which allegedly carry an audio-conversation between Salman Khurshid's wife Louise Khurshid and India Against Corruption convener Lakshman Singh , wherein the latter offers Louis cancellation of the rally if the party removes Punni Shukla from the post of City Congress chief. The IAC claimed that the CD was forged and fabricated by corrupt elements.At a press conference on Wednesday, district Congress president Aftab Hussain distributed the CDs among reporters. He said the Congress decided to make the recently recorded audio conversation public to make people aware of Ithe AC's wrongdoings.Later, in a hurriedly called press conference, IAC activists said they would file a defamation suit against the Congressmen in the next few days. Omendra Bharat, member of the state working committee of IAC, said, \"The CD, which is fake, has been made in a pre-planned manner and purposely used by Congressmen on the eve of Arvind Kejriwal's rally to damage IAC's reputation.\"IAC activists made elaborate arrangements for the rally in Farrukhabad, considered a Congress bastion. All roads leading to Lohia park ground in Awas Vikas area of the district were decked up with IAC posters and banners.The Farukhabad district administration has banned canes which Bharatiya Kisan Union volunteers planned to use \"to protect\" Arvind Kejriwal during the rally. BKU offered armed support to IAC following an alleged \"threat\" by Salman Khurshid .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039791", "title": "Ambitious Shruti wants to head the planning commission", "text": "NAGPUR: The clarity with which Shruti Mishra has chalked out the next 10 years of her life is astounding. \"I want to be the deputy chairman of the planning commission, so I can give the next generation a developed India,\" says Shruti with belief.The teenager, one of the two Times Scholar finalists from the city, is currently pursuing the science faculty in Std XII Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi) and has been a topper throughout. Having scored over 98% in Std X CBSE board exams and now specializing in the electronics stream, anyone would assume her to be a potential IITian. But Shruti mischievously smiles saying that she is cast out of a stereotypical mould. \"I want to pursue my bachelor's degree in economics from Delhi, then master's from London School of Economics. I am aiming to complete my doctorate from the same college as well and then work with the World Bank ,\" she says.Her plans are then to return to India and work as a chief economist before hopefully joining the Planning Commission. \"I come from an army background and firmly believe that without proper planning, nothing can be achieved to its full potential. Planning is important in every part of our lives. Many decades ago, we were handed over a developing country and only through proper planning can we ensure that the next generation gets a better India,\" she said.Even as Shruti stays focused on her final destination, she has ensured that the journey remains pleasant all along the way. \"To relax I usually read books and play guitar, but I accept that I am not a good singer,\" laughs Shruti, \"I read all kinds of books but more inclined towards fiction since it gets us away from the monotony of daily life,\" she adds.But what is \"monotony\" for Shruti is in fact a hyperactive social life for others. She is an expert in fencing and is currently participating at the state level championship organized by the District Sports Office. \"I love speaking in public and hence have regularly participated in debates and elocution. I have won many competitions in the field and take it up as a challenge,\" she says.Her mother, Archana, says Shruti has always been an inquisitive child. \"She has always wanted to accomplish new things, learn and has been accommodating at all times,\" she says. \"Accommodating\" is a quality without which Shruti might have found hard to survive her extremely mobile army life. With her father's constant transfers, she would be forced to adjust to a new city every couple of years.\"This is my seventh educational institute but Nagpur feels like home. My father was born here and completed his graduation here as well before joining the army. I have a great friends here, also am living with my grandparents which is an amazing feeling too. My father is currently posted in Kargil and is a constant source of inspiration for me,\" says Shruti.Now for Shruti the immediate goal is right in front of her. \"I have made it to the last 105 and hope to go all the way. I am preparing for the challenge and will certainly put in my best,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17039928", "title": "Churchill plots comeback with LS polls", "text": "MARGAO: Former PWD minister Churchill Alemao is planning his return to power. Barely eight months after suffering a humiliating defeat at the assembly elections, he announced his emergence from political hibernation at a meeting of his supporters at Navelim on Tuesday, leaving political analysts guessing over the timing of the move.Speaking to TOI on Wednesday, Alemao confirmed that he has made up his mind to contest the parliamentary elections due in 2014. \"That's for certain,\" Alemao said, asserting that Tuesday's meeting was a step towards preparing the ground for the parliamentary polls.Quizzed over how he fancies his chances of bagging a ticket for the Loksabha polls when Congress has a sitting MP in the South Goa parliamentary constituency, Alemao, in his rustic inimitable style, said time would provide the answer to the question. \"Let elections come, you will get all the answers,\" he told TOI. Prodded further, Alemao held South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha and Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho responsible for the loss of the Cortalim seat for the Congress.\"Sardinha has absolutely no chances of winning the seat this time, mark my words. He, along with Godinho, conspired to ensure the defeat of the Congress candidate. Otherwise, we would have won the seat with ease. I will pay them back in the same coin,\" Alemao said.Asked if he would quit the Congress, the way he has done in the past, if the Congress denied him the ticket, Alemao responded with a loaded statement. \"For the moment, I will only say that I will be contesting the (South Goa parliamentary) elections. Whether I contest on the Congress ticket or some other party ticket, you will come to know. At the moment, I am with the Congress,\" Alemao said.What has caused eyebrows to rise in political circles is Alemao singing paeans to chief minister Manohar Parrikar at his Tuesday meeting, belying expectations from his supporters that he would hit back at Parrikar for accusing him for frauds in the PWD during his ministerial tenure. As word went round that Alemao had a closed door meeting with Parrikar hours before his meeting with supporters at Navelim, speculation was rife about Alemao cosying up to Parrikar ahead of the parliamentary elections.Alemao confirmed meeting Parrikar on Tuesday but stressed that there was \"nothing political\" about it. \"It so happened that my appointment with Parrikar coincided with my meeting with supporters on Tuesday. I discussed with the chief minister the issue of those candidates who were denied jobs in the PWD,\" Alemao said.Political analysts, nevertheless, attach significance to the timing of Alemao's announcement of his re-emergence which came two days after the re-shuffle of Union Cabinet.\"By denying a place in the UPA cabinet to either of its two Goa MPs, Congress has given a clear signal that both are misfits to be ministers. One would have expected that since Congress is in the opposition in Goa, the induction of a Goa MP into the cabinet would have served to regain people's confidence in the party,\" lawyer and political observer Radharao Gracias said, adding that Alemao has probably sniffed this opportunity to claim a Congress ticket for the Loksabha polls.\"Nevertheless, nothing much can be read about Churchill praising Parrikar at his supporters' meeting, as it appears to be just an attempt to save his skin (from any probable probe by the BJP government into the alleged frauds in the PWD during Alemao's tenure),\" Gracias added.This is not the first time Alemao is seeking political rehabilitation for himself through the parliamentary polls following a defeat in the assembly elections. After he lost the assembly elections in 2002, he had chosen the Loksabha route to regain power.\"The bottom line is that politicians crave to be in the limelight. Goans have seen the Alemaos' craving for power when four of the family plunged into the assembly polls and lost miserably. It's well known that Churchill cannot stay out of power for long. This is just another gimmick to stay in the reckoning of electoral politics, nothing else,\" a political analyst, requesting anonymity, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040344", "title": "Stolen baby's mother fit to go home: Doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: Jasmin Naik (28) whose day-old baby was stolen a day later from Wadia Maternity Hospital is now fit to go home, says the hospital.On Monday, Jasmin's stitches were removed and she looked in a much better condition on Wednesday than in last week. Though doctors have said that she can take discharge, she and her family are adamant that they will not leave until they get back the baby.\"Doctors have said that I can take a discharge, but I will not go until I get my baby back,\" Jasmin told TOI.Hospital authorities say they have not put any pressure on the family to take discharge. \"Once the stitches are removed and the woman has no other complications, we generally give a discharge. But as this is an unique case and inquiry is still on, we do not want to put any pressure on the family,\" said a hospital official.After the baby theft, the hospital has made a few important changes in the management and the security has also been beefed up. Retired additional chief secretary Chandra Iyengar has joined as a member of Wadia hospital's board of management for pediatric and maternity hospitals. She is looking into the case.On Wednesday, there was an extra security guard at the hospital building's main entrance and another outside the post-natal ward on the first floor, from where the baby was stolen. All visitors were made to sign a register. According to hospital sources, extra security personnel, who were earlier placed at Bombay Dyeing , have been moved to the hospital.The police said identifying the baby will be difficult as the child's features may have changed since last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17041496", "title": "Students threaten protest over 'unfair' result review", "text": "INDORE: Dissatisfied with the result review of joint committee constituted by the vice-chancellor of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV), first professional students of Bachelor of Dental Surgery (BDS) have once again threatened to carry out mass protest with students' union activists. In this regard, the students will meet the VC at varsity campus on Thursday.The students alleged that the committee did not review the results properly. Out of 56 students, only six students got a minor increase in their marks while marks of four were deducted. There was no change in results of 46 students who applied for the result review.\"We had applied for review as we felt that we received fewer marks than attempted. But the committee, instead of allotting, deducted marks, which is unfair,\" said one of the students who received the reviewed results on Wednesday.Meanwhile, students' union activists will meet the vice chancellor to register their complaints.Nimesh Pathak, one of the leaders said, \"The committee reviewed the results in just two days time just to meet the deadline that we had given. The results are not satisfactory as most of the students are failing due to two to four marks. We will meet the VC to register our complaints.\"Fortnight back, students had locked the main entrance to the varsity's administrative block. Later, VC had appointed a joint committee including college faculty and members of varsity examination committee to probe into the matter. It had to submit its report by October 20 but failed.Unable to review the results, students once again lodged protest at varsity and had locked acting vice chancellor Dr Ganesh Kawadia at the university teaching department (UTD) campus. Berserk students were pacified after the varsity authorities promised to announce reviewed results by October 31. Now, dissatisfied with the results, students have once again threatened to carry out mass movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17042288", "title": "Special meet soon to discuss ration card woes, says Mangalore mayor", "text": "MANGALORE: A special meeting of the city corporation council to discuss on ration card woes of the public will be convened within a week, mayor Gulzaar Banu said here on Wednesday. The issue generated heat at the monthly meeting of the civic body with former leader of the opposition Harinath of the Congress staging a dharna after members of ruling BJP told to him that the civic body had no locus standi on the issue.When Harinath raised the issue, chief whip of the ruling BJP Premanand Shetty informed him that the civic body had no say on the issue. This riled Harinath who staged a dharna before the mayor demanding that the council discuss the issue. Members of ruling BJP took on Gulzaar Banu from the Congress and demanded that she provide a solution to the problem and also objected to her statement that special counters have been set up to help people.On the issue of delay in completing works taken up under KUDCEM project and its present status raised by corporator James D'Souza, commissioner Harish Kumar said Harsha Gupta, managing director of KUIDFC has agreed to address the members on issues pertaining to the project. He said an empowered committee has extended deadline for completion of the project to December.Noting that 92% of components under ADB funded project has been completed, Harish said the work of construction of wet wells for the underground drainage have finished and the work of providing power connection to them will be finished by November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041401", "title": "Fares up, sharpen your meter maths", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has approved a fare hike for buses and taxis effective from November 1, but left enough loose ends that will allow cabbies to fleece you, at least through the rest of this week till the revised fare charts are drawn up.The decision, kept on hold for over a month after diesel became costlier by Rs 5.70 from September 13, was finally taken on Wednesday as the government faced intense pressure from bus and taxi operators. But the move to enforce it from the next day was baffling as it will take a few days to draw up revised fare charts and reprogramme taxi meters. While the base fare for buses was increased from Rs 4 to Rs 5, the minimum taxi fare has gone up to Rs 25 from Rs 22. You have to pay Rs 2 extra for every subsequent kilometre.So, the way you calculate the fare now (actual fare = meter fare x 2 + 2) now changes to a more complicated equation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d meter fare x 2.4 plus 1 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that TOI worked out even as there was complete confusion among taxi operators. Till the charts are prepared or you master the new equation, interpreting meters will be a tricky job, triggering fears that cabbies may use this lack of clarity to fleece people.Bus and taxi operators not happy with hikeBus and taxi operators weren't quite happy with the quantum of the fare hike, but expressed relief that they would now at least be able to do business. It will ease commuting misery during the rush hour, too as hundred of buses had gone off the road over the last few weeks. The notification mentions better passenger amenities like proper sitting space, cleanliness and safety of passengers are preconditions for increased fares.Announcing the restructured fare, state industries minister Partha Chatterjee, also a member of the GoM looking after the transport department, said, \"We did not want to burden the common man, so we had desisted from revising fares. But many private operators are suffering because of the Centre's anti-people policy. So, we have raised fares with utmost care to ensure minimum burden.\"Bus operators have asked the government to set up a regulator on the lines of the telecom and power.\"We had lost hope of survival. A lot of operators have gone off the roads. I hope they will all come back,\" said Tapan Banerjee of the joint council of bus syndicates.Taxi operators weren't happy with the revision.\"We are yet to ascertain if it is feasible to run cars with this new such fare structure,\" said Calcutta Taxi association secretary Tarak Nath Barik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17040977", "title": "Nashik athletes shine at national meet", "text": "NASHIK: The athletes of the SAI Centre, Bhosala Military School, Nashik created ripples in the 28th All India Junior Athletics Championship which concluded in Lucknow. Three athletes from Nashik who were representing Maharashtra, attracted attention with their record breaking feats.On the third and the final day of the meet, Kisan Tadvi and Anjana Thamke stole the show by creating new meet records in 3,000m and 400m running respectively. Kisan rewrote clocked 8.44 seconds in 3,000m in the Under -16 group.The The earlier record of 8.47secs was registered nearly a decade ago.Anjana Thamake under the same age group in the girls category seemingly drew inspiration from Kisan to do an encore in the 400m by setting up a meet record clocking 54.05.Thamake broke the earlier record of 55.47 established 12 years ago.On the very first day of the three-day meet, a young and promising athlete, Durga Deore, clinched a coveted gold medal in the 600m Under-14 age group by clocking 1.36 seconds. She sprinted to the title leaving behind her rivals by over 50 meters. Another Nashikite, Sanjeevani Jaadhav, notched up a silver in the 3000m Under-18 group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17042241", "title": "Delhi HC asks Centre for documents on land allotment to DIAL", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Wednesday sought from the Centre documents relating to allotment of land to private consortium DIAL for development of the Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport.A division bench, comprising Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw, gave two weeks to the Centre to furnish the documents while hearing a PIL that alleged the government had allotted 190 acres to DIAL at a \"throwaway\" price.Filed by NGO, Youth Against Corruption, the PIL demands a thorough probe into the land allotment blaming former civil aviation minister Praful Patel. \"Favours have been given to DIAL when Praful Patel was the civil aviation minister. His involvement and that of other officers for some personal benefits cannot be ruled out,\" the PIL claims.The HC decided to seek documents after Additional Solicitor General A S Chandhiok told the court the issues raised in the PIL are already pending before the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of Parliament ever since, earlier this year the central government tabled the CAG report. The auditor concluded due to the land allotment a huge loss has been caused to the exchequer.\"The matter is pending before a parliamentary committee, which is looking into the issue,\" Chandhiok maintained, at first urging the court to dismiss the petition. Later the ASG said \"confidential\" documents can be shown to the court at the next date to put its apprehensions at rest.However, senior advocate M N Krishnamani, appearing for the NGO pointed out the Parliamentary panel won't be able to deal with the alleged criminality in the land allotment for which a probe by the CBI is required so that truth can be unearthed. \"The parliamentary panel cannot consider the criminal aspect of the issue which is to be dealt with by the CBI for which the court can pass an order,\" the NGO argued, urging HC not to dispose of the plea outright.According to the PIL, the government gave away 190 acres of prime land and assets to DIAL at a throwaway price of Rs 3.25 lakh per acre against the market price of Rs 100 crore per acre. It argues that even though the land was given strictly for aeronautical purposes, DIAL has gone ahead to build and run hotels on it to make profit. It seeks quashing of the government's decision on land allotment to the private airport operator.\"The private partners in DIAL have made just Rs 1,813 crore of investment out of total investment of Rs 12,857 crore for Delhi airport project. By just investing Rs 1,813 crore, GMR now owns 4,700 acre of land in the most prime location of India. State largesse has been passed into the private hands virtually free,\" the petition claims, saying that \"the CAG report, which was submitted to government on May 11, 2012, has listed out a number of glaring examples of favouritism to DIAL causing huge losses to the exchequer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17040475", "title": "Tenant accused of kidnapping three minor girls", "text": "AMRITSAR: A resident of Gorakhpur, Poonam Rani, has accused Gobind, a resident of Betia district in Bihar , of kidnapping her three daughters, aged 3 to 8.Assistant sub-inspector, Sadar police station, Malook Singh, told TOI on Wednesday that in her complaint lodged with police, Poonam has alleged that Gobind, along with his daughter, had taken her house on rent on October 26 and three days later, he abducted her three daughters. Poonam had left her husband in Gorakhpur and was now living with another man at Palam Vihar colony on Majitha Road, Singh said.\"Preliminary investigations suggested that Gobind was known to her husband in Gorakphur,\" he said, adding that police were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041398", "title": "Centre told to act against \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfavoured\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 contractors", "text": "Taking up a petition alleging illegal sanction of money in favour of contractors employed for carrying out work under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Rural Mission (JNNURM) in Ludhiana, Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday directed the Union government to take action in the matter within two months.The petition stated that as per information obtained under RTI Act regarding projects of construction of flats under JNNURM, with a view to providing \"Basic services to urban poor,\" works worth Rs 4944.05 lakh have been awarded to four groups in Ludhiana that are a part of Deepak Singhal Engineers and Builders Pvt Ltd. These groups and the money sanctioned to these for carrying out construction work are Giaspura Group III (Rs 938.29 lakh), Dhandari Kalan Group I (Rs 1299.17 lakh), Mundian Kalan Group I (Rs 1371.34 lakh) and Mundian Kalan Group II (Rs 1335.25 lakh). However no solvency certificate has been issued in favour of M/s Deepak Singhal Engineers and Builders Pvt Ltd for the construction work under the JNNURM project.A division bench comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice R K Jain directed the director, JNNURM, Union Ministry of Housing &amp; Urban Poverty Alleviation, to look into the matter and take necessary steps within two months against any persons found guilty.The directions were passed after hearing a PIL filed by Ludhiana resident Kuldeep Singh Khaira.The petitioner submitted that two other contractors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d D P Singh Chadha and H P Singh Chadha \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have been awarded contracts for building flats, \"without inquiring into the genuineness of solvency certificates\" submitted by them, while adding that prima facie those certificates are suspected to be forged and fabricated.Counsel for the petitioner, Sardavinder Goyal further alleged that the contract money has been released in favour of these two contractors without even demanding proper documentary proof of procurement of the total quantity of materials listed in \"List of approved brands &amp; makes of material\" that needs to be submitted by the contractor to the project engineer as and when materials are brought to the site of works. Besides, a utilization certificate, which is an important clause of the contract, is also needed.Goyal further alleged that this has been done to benefit contractors, who are hand-in-glove with the engineers to swindle public money through corrupt ways, therefore the matter should be inquired into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17039972", "title": "MMC writes to govt over illegalities in schemes", "text": "MARGAO: Taking cognizance of the illegalities concerning the kiosks/shops allotted to people under the welfare schemes by various government agencies and corporations, the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) has written to four such bodies. They have been asked to ensure that the beneficiaries have obtained the NOC from the MMC before they are allotted any unit within the jurisdiction of the municipality.MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale, has, in the letter addressed to the Goa handicrafts rural and small scale industries development, Goa state horticulture development corporation, Goa dairy, and the economic development corporation , referred to complaints regarding \"illegal, unlawful and unauthorized activities\" being carried out in the units allotted by them under various schemes.Kothwale has pointed out several cases of irregularities, such as the units being sublet to others by the original allottees, the location of the unit being changed, changing the original activity for which the allotment was done, etc. The letter has also pointed out that some of such kiosks/gaddas are even located in road-widening areas thereby violating the high court order.Kothwale has urged the agencies to conduct a \"discreet survey\" of all such units located within the jurisdiction of the MMC to ensure that all irregularities are stopped and action is taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040127", "title": "'Kids may go into depression early because of spanking'", "text": "MUMBAI: A common belief among parents is that a bit of spanking is the only way to discipline children, say psychologists, adding that it is one of the main reasons for increasing cases of children sinking into depression at a very young age.The survey also pointed out that the behavioural pattern of parents was a replica of how their parents had brought them up. \"Repeating parenting patterns of one's own parents plays a major role in spanking children. When you are beaten as a child, you tend to do the same. Our survey showed that 62% parents were beaten in their childhood and were now beating their own children,\" said Swati Popat Vats, director of Podar Jumbo Kids.\"For any child, the first form of acceptance comes from a mother, and when mothers resort to raising their hands on children, it sparks low self-esteem in kids at a very early stage. Instead of behaving well, children often end up rebelling against their parents,\" said Dr Seema Hingorrany, a clinical psychologist, adding that every time a child is hit, his/her brain goes into trauma, ranging from mild to severe. \"We often advise parents to sit for therapy sessions to understand the cause of their frustration, and then help the children.\"Several psychiatrists said parents often resort to spanking when their child's behaviour becomes a matter of ego. \"Every time a child misbehaves in public, parents take it to heart and end up spanking them instead of explaining the right behaviour. One complaint at PTA meeting leads to severe thrashing back home. Parents need to understand that their children are a different personality,\" said psychiatrist Dr Shubhangi Parkar.In many cases, psychiatrist and counsellors have noticed that older siblings have taken the brunt of their mother's post-partum depression after having the second/third child. \"Post-partum depression can stay for years together and, if not noticed at the right time, can lead to such cases of abusing children,\" said Hingorrany. Often the women are well-educated and feel frustrated only raising children. If these women have something to divert their mind, their frustration would be channelled away from the kids, she added.Mumbai: 'Physically hitting children is the only way to discipline them' is a common belief amidst parents and this, say experts, is one of the main reasons for the increasing cases of children hitting depression at a very young age. While the survey results pointed out that stay-at-home mothers were resorting to spanking kids more, it also pointed out that the behavioural pattern was a replica of how the parents themselves were brought up as children.\"Repeating parenting patterns of one's own parents plays a major role in spanking children; when you are beaten as a child, you tend to display the same. Our survey showed that 62% parents were beaten in their childhood and were now beating their own children,\" said Swati Popat Vats, director of Podar Jumbo Kids. Psychiatrists also added that this has been the most common problem and parents tend to ignore the fact that their upbringing is affecting their own parental behaviour.\"For any child, the first form of acceptance comes from a mother and when mothers resort to raising their hands on children, it sparks low self esteem in kids at a very early stage. Instead of behaving well, children often end up rebelling against their parents then,\" said Dr Seema Hingorrany, a clinical psychologist. She also added that this trend is more evident not only in stay-at-home mothers but also those women whose husbands travel a lot and are not around for support. \"Every time a child is hit, their brain goes into trauma, ranging from mild to severe. We often advise parents to sit for therapy sessions to understand the cause of their frustration, and then help the children,\" she added.Calling this an increasing trend, many psychiatrists added that parents usually resort to spanking kids when their child's behaviour becomes a matter of parents' ego. \"Every time a child misbehaves in public, parents take it to their heart and end up spanking them instead of explaining the right behaviour; one complaint a PTA meeting leads to severe thrashing back home. Parents need to understand that their children are a different personality,\" said psychiatrist Dr Shubhangi Parkar.In many cases, psychiatrist and counsellors have noticed that older siblings have taken the brunt of their mother's post partum depression after having the second/third child. \"Post partum depression can stay for years together and if not noticed at the right time, can lead to such cases of abusing children,\" said Hingorrany and added that this trend can change only if stay-at-home mothers take charge of their lives. \"Most of these women are well educated and feel frustrated to be doing nothing else but taking care of children. If these women have something to divert their mind, their frustration will be channelled in different ways.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17041795", "title": "Earthen lamps to spread light in homes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Kumar the potter is happy with a stock of earthen lamps he has made ahead of the festival of lights hoping \"they will be spreading light in so many houses on Diwali\". He also points out that \"Besides Diwali, we don't have much work rest of the year when all we do is make 'kullhad' (earthen teacups) which too are not much in use now.Another potter Birju feels \"We have to keep the attraction for 'diyas' alive by making them stylish against competition offered by 'jhalars' (electric series of lighting).Potters claim the dying traditional art of making diyas and clay pottery would see a revival as people want to illuminate their homes in the traditional way.There is big demand and we are making best efforts possible to fulfill it. These days, several potters, who have inherited this art from ancestors, are busy making earthen lamps with the hope that this Diwali, people will turn up to buy 'diyas'. But what has lowered their enthusiasm is the rising cost of 'mitti' (clay) used in making the pottery. Despite all odds, potters spin the wheels to create the earthen lamps.\"Chikni mitti (smooth clay) is used to make the lamps. The rise in its cost has, in turn, increased the cost of production. Thus, our profit margin has gone down. But we will not give up and keep this traditional art alive,\" said a potter at Alopibagh.Makers of earthen lamps are also giving earthen lamps new shapes. Efforts are also being made to create colourful lamps. Such lamps are only for decorative purposes and look splendid when used for decoration. The sale of traditional diyas will go up during Diwali, feel potters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039919", "title": "Left, Right attack govt over Jaipal Reddy exit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP dismissed Arvind Kejriwal's \"expose'' on Ranjan Bhattacharya's tapes and the party's alleged sweetheart deal with Reliance Industries Ltd as gossip already in public domain but sought to know from PM Manmohan Singh why Jaipal Reddy was shifted out of the petroleum ministry.Left leaders, on the other hand, endorsed Kejriwal's claims but said the media ignored them when they made similar allegations since 2006.Responding to Kejriwal's allegations about the domination of RIL over the government, BJP spokesperson Rajiv Pratap Rudy wanted to know why Reliance wanted an increase in gas price when an agreement was signed in 2004 that the price would remain $2.20 per unit for 17 years.\"The BJP had fixed the price at $2.20 in the contract signed between NTPC and RIL but it was during the tenure of the UPA that the price increased; it is the PM who has all the explaining to do over the allegations made by Kejriwal as the decisions were taken by an empowered group of ministers,'' Rudy said.BJP also wanted to know why, after the Supreme Court gave the government full authority to fix gas prices in national interest, the government took no steps.\"RIL wanted to increase the price per unit by $10. Would this result in virtually a threefold increase in profits to the company -- some say Rs 65,000 crore or so -- and thus corresponding loss to the country. Is it this that has resulted in the minister being shifted,'' senior BJP leader Jaswant Singh said in a statement.According to Singh, RIL's commitment as per the field development plan was to produce some 80 million metric standard cubic meter per day (mmscmd). \"This was brought down to about 28 mmscmd, and it is reported that the committed numbers of wells were also not dug. This huge shortfall in the output was due to the shortfall in the number of wells that should have been dug,'' he said.\"Is it any malfunction in the ministry that has persuaded Dr Manmohan Singh to effect this change? Or is it that Shri Jaipal Reddy was not found as a 'convenient minister', or is this yet another example of corporate interests taking precedence over national good?'' he added.Asked about activists playing an audio clip containing voices of Ranjan Bhattacharya, foster son-in-law of former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, and former corporate lobbyist Nira Radia, Rudy said it was a private conversation.\"It is a private conversation... I would not like to take that into reference,\" Rudy said. Another BJP leader, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, said it was not necessary to react to every allegation from activists who adopt \"hit and run\" tactics. He added, however, that if there was anything to the allegations, the matter could be probed by an appropriate authority.Left leaders, meanwhile, supported Kejriwal's claims and said they had been making similar allegations since 2006. CPM's Rajya Sabha MP and CITU general secretary Tapan Sen said he wrote several letters since 2006 to the PM and everyone concerned with the petroleum ministry.\"We wrote to them about illegitimate contract given to private contractors, including Ambanis, but unfortunately it did not attract the media. We wrote letters about Reliance inflating field development cost, blackmailing the government and deliberately scaling down gas production to demand premature price hike, but the government did not respond,\" Sen said.CPI MP Gurudas Dasgupta, too, endorsed Kejriwal. \"It's absolutely true. Jaipal was removed following pressure by Reliance. They have made persistent attempts to get rid of him. Earlier too, ministers were changed under corporate pressure,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "17041229", "title": "Magisterial probe ordered into Faizabad clashes", "text": "FAIZABAD: Faizabad district magistrate Deepak Agrawal on Wednesday ordered a magisterial probe into the clashes that erupted here on October 24 during Durga Puja processions. Additional district magistrate JP Tiwari will conduct the probe.About 100 shops in city's Chowk area were set afire by the rioters. While two persons were killed, about a dozen, including policemen, were injured.Meanwhile, curfew was relaxed in the city from 9am to 6pm on Wednesday. The same relaxation will continue on Thursday.In connection with the violence in Raudauli and Bhadarsa areas, the police have arrested former chairman of Bhadarsa town area and BJP leader Ram Bodh Soni. They have also booked BJP MLA from Rudauli Ram Chandra Yadav and BJP chairman of Rudauli Nagar Palika Ashok Kasaudhan for their alleged involvement in the violence.Meanwhile, DM Deepak Agrawal on Wednesday distributed interim compensation of Rs 41 lakh to 99 victims whose shops and business establishments were set afire by rioters.Since the state government though has not announced any compensation for victims, DM used his special powers to withdraw money from the district treasury under the emergency clause. The administration has assessed that property worth Rs 7 crore was destroyed in the clashes.DM said full compensation has been given to small shop owners including hawkers and roadside vendors and a part of accessed loss as interim compensation has been distributed to shopkeepers who suffered greater losses. Full compensation will be provided to all victims at the earliest, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041467", "title": "Sanitation facilities still poor in Ranchi slums", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) and its partner NGO, Nab Bharat Jagriti Kendra, have failed to provide sanitation facilities to every household in the city in the past eight years. This was evident from a recent data of the NGO, which has succeeded in providing sanitation facilities to only 50 per cent of the households. When it launched its sanitation project in 2004, 37 per cent of the houses had sanitation facilities.RMC deputy mayor Ajay Nath Sahdeo, said, \"The population is increasing everyday. There are many houses which do not get clean drinking water even today. There is a constant pressure of migration from the fringe and rural areas. There are 152 notified slums but I am confident that there are many more.\"Regarding construction of toilets, the deputy mayor said holding rights over land were proving to be an impediment. \"The holding right of the land is very important for constructing toilets. Many household don't have the holding right. In such cases, we suggest construction of community toilets. But if they want individual toilets then the holding right rule has to be relaxed,\" he said.Besides, he said, there's lack of awareness among people regarding sanitation and hygiene. \"There are many households which can't afford to build toilets, but even those who can afford don't have toilets,\" he added. He felt every member of society needed to work to provide the best amenities to the people. \"The corporation alone can't do anything. We need the coordination of every organization to spread awareness,\" said Sahdeo.Girija Satish, president of the NGO, said, \"We started with 20 slums in 2004 and now have covered 32 slums. Earlier, only 40 per cent of the people would wash their hands. The figure has now increased to 80%. The number of individual toilets is 650 and community toilets have been installed in five slums.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17040902", "title": "Pakistan applies brake on Bhagat Singh chowk in Lahore", "text": "LAHORE: Giving in to the pressure from hardline groups like the Jamaat-ud-Dawah and a section of local residents, Pakistani authorities have put on hold a move to rename a roundabout in Lahore after Indian freedom fighter Bhagat Singh.The city district government of Lahore had announced last month that Shadman Chowk would be renamed Bhagat Singh Chowk to acknowledge his revolutionary spirit and his role in the movement against the erstwhile British rulers.District administration chief Noorul Amin Mengal, who made the decision to rename the roundabout, came down hard on officials of his department for not placing a board inscribed with \"Bhagat Singh Chowk\" at the spot.However, authorities have still not placed the board at the roundabout and officials on Wednesday said that the move to rename Shadman Chowk had been put on hold. \"We received a strongly worded letter from the JuD that warned us not to rename Shadman Chowk after a Hindu freedom fighter. Besides, we also got a negative response from some individuals,\" an official said.During a public hearing on the issue, several persons rejected the idea of renaming Shadman Chowk after Bhagat Singh, said the official. Another official close to the district administration chief, said Mengal was criticized by different segments of society and groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17041606", "title": "Pollution panel glare on e-waste disposal", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Though six months have passed since the e-waste management rules came into force, organizations involved in manufacture, sale, and purchase and processing of electronic equipment in the state haven't yet pulled up their socks in this matter. The Odisha Pollution Control Board (OPCB) last week served notices to 844 business houses in Bhubaneswar and some other cities, which generate maximum electronic and electrical waste.The organizations, including software firms, banks, mobile phone service providers and educational institutions, have been asked to implement the guidelines of the e-waste Management and Handling Rules, 2011, at the earliest, else face action as per law.\"We have urged the organizations to submit reports regarding their use of electronic gadgets and disposal of e-waste. They have been asked to hand over e-waste generated by them to the two authorized collectors in Bhubaneswar,\" OPCB's senior environmental scientist Dilip Kumar Behera told TOI. \"At present, the collection of e-waste at the collection centres is not up to the mark due to lack of awareness. Users need to be sensitized more. We will hold workshops to sensitize stakeholders,\" Behera added.Sources said Odisha generates around 3,000 tonne electronic garbage , like computer, TV, refrigerator and mobile phones that contain hazardous and toxic materials, posing serious threat to environment. Bulk of the e-waste is generated from Bhubaneswar, which is home to maximum number of government and private offices, commercial establishments, educational and research centres.Though the Union ministry of environment and forests had notified the rules in May 2011, it had given the producers of electrical and electronic equipment a one-year buffer period to set up their recycling and collection centers for scientific disposal of the junk. The Rule came into force on May 1 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "the kannada language has a history dating back more than 2,000 years. great writers like pampa, ranna and kumaravyasa created their works on palm leaves. cut to the modern era, where the current generation of writers uses the benefits of modern technology", "code": "17042010", "title": "Kannada has travelled from palm leaf to tablet", "text": "The Kannada language has a history dating back more than 2,000 years. Great writers like Pampa, Ranna and Kumaravyasa created their works on palm leaves. Cut to the modern era, where the current generation of writers uses the benefits of modern technology: computers, laptops, smartphones and the latest entry, tablets. Authors don't use the pen anymore, instead text is typed out on the keyboard.Indians should be thankful to KP Rao, who incorporated Indian languages into computers almost four decades ago. The system of putting in Indic text phonetically is his invention, and all keyboard software for Indian languages use this method.When Kannada was first introduced into computers, it was a patchwork solution. Text created in one software would not open up in another software. This problem has now vanished with the use of Unicode, the global standard. The government of India declared Unicode the standard way back in 2009, and though many other state governments followed suit, the Karnataka government is yet to do so. It is hoped that they implement the recommendation of the Kannada Software Committee and notify Unicode as the standard at the earliest.The journey of printing and publishing has come a long way from the brick-and-mortar printing industry to the latest paperless websites and ebooks. Kannada entered the Internet through www.vishvakannada.com in 1996. Most Kannada newspapers are online now, and the good news is that as a majority use Unicode, it enables search engines to index them and a search for any Kannada text leads to the related website.Whatever's possible in the field of information technology in English is now possible in Kannada. There are data-driven applications like the ration card software by the Karnataka government. Yogananda from Mysore has created an optical character recognition software for Kannada. Shridhar, who is visually impaired, has perfected text-to-speech software for Kannada.There are many active Kannada websites now. Publishing articles online has its own advantages. Readers can write in appreciation and comments, and this very process leads to additional information, commentary and discussion. Some articles get hundreds of comments in just one day, a kind of interaction not possible in the print media.A lot of healthy discussion is happening in the online Kannada world. Some notable websites are kannada.oneindia.in, avadhimag.com, kendasampige.com, among hundreds of others, controlled by editorial policies.Uncut and unedited expressions are possible only in the blogosphere, and Kannada has not lagged on this front either. There are more than 4,000 Kannada bloggers, most of them individualistic. There are some blogs specific to topics like recipes, Kannada literature, movies, technology, and the interaction among readers is substantial. Kannadigas are quite active in the online world.Online open encyclopedia kn.wikipedia.org has many articles too. As does the Karnataka government's official knowledge website kanaja.in.Kannada has just entered the era of ebooks with www.nannalibrary.com, the Kannada wing of www.meralibrary.com. Kannada ebooks are available for lending and reading on tablets, bringing the journey of the language from the palm leaf to the tablet.(The author is a Kannada script developer)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17042018", "title": "Many Flock To Beaches To \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSee\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Cyclone", "text": "CHENNAI: Beaches in the city drew more crowds on Wednesday than on a weekend. Despite the state government and Chennai Corporation issuing advisories, requesting people to stay indoors till the landfall, people flocked to the beaches to 'see' the cyclone.At Elliot's Beach, the beached ship was the main attraction. The crowd watched the ship's crew members climb out of the vessel and grew excited when the fishermen geared up to rescue those struggling in the sea. Fire service and police said they had a tough time as they tried to keep the crowds off the water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17040258", "title": "2 attack, rob NCP man, arrested", "text": "KALYAN: Two persons who allegedly attacked and robbed a Tasgaon resident and an NCP leader from Sangli, Prashant Jadhav (48), were sent to police custody on Wednesday. The two, Ambernath residents Mukhtar Shaikh (24) and Shahauddin Khan (32), were held on Tuesday.In his complaint, Jadhav, who claims he is related to home minister R R Patil, said he had come to the city on the night of October 22 to drop a relative. The two got down at Kalyan station and the relative left. Jadhav decided to meet his other relatives, who stay in Thane, the next day and planned to spend the night on the station.\"I fell asleep and realized that two persons were trying to snatch my cellphone and Rs 6,500 cash. As I protested, the accused attacked me with a blade and fled with the booty,\" said the complaint. Cops have recovered Rs 3,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17040081", "title": "Missile scientist passes away", "text": "Ramprasad Ramakrishna Panyam, an outstanding missile scientist and associate director of Defence Research and Development Laboratory, Hyderabad, passed away following cardiac arrest. He was 58. According to a press note here on Wednesday, the scientist had been admitted on Monday. He led the propulsion systems team in developing solid integral ramjet technology in the country. As project director of Akash, he led various inter-disciplinary teams and made a significant contribution to DRDO in establishing tactical weapon system integration for surface to air missiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17040107", "title": "One held for threatening to rape girl", "text": "PANAJI: Old Goa police arrested Arbaj Pepari, 18, resident of St Cruz, on Wednesday for allegedly threatening to rape and molest a girl in public. The complaint was lodged by the father of the girl.Police sources said that two days ago, the father of the victim complained about two boys from the neighborhood for alleged harassment. Because of this, their friend Pepari threatened the girl.The incident took place on Tuesday evening, when the girl was proceeding towards her house on her scooter, after attending mass at the St Cruz church. The accused, proceeding in the opposite direction, verbally abused her and made vulgar hand gestures too before making the threat.Police registered a case under Sections 504, 509 and 294 of the IPC and arrested the accused. He was released on bail. PSI R.N. Shirodkar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17042315", "title": "DMDK cadre protest ruling party's vindictive attitude", "text": "TRICHY: As many as 126 people from the DMDK courted arrest protesting against the state government's vindictive act of filing a case against their leader Vijayakanth. The DMDK men and women assembled in front of the district collector's office at 11am and shouted slogans against the chief minister and her style of functioning.Since the DMDK's top brass in Trichy had not obtained prior police permission, the leaders made a beeline to the collector's office for the demonstration. They raised slogans such as, \"down the government that foists false cases against our leader,\" and \"down the police that has become a stooge of the ruling party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041139", "title": "I-T raid in Jaipur jeweller's houses, offices", "text": "JAIPUR: The Income Tax (I-T) department on Wednesday launched a massive search and seizure operation at the residences, offices and showrooms of a leading jeweller and its associates in the city.The I-T officials launched a search at 26 places, out of which 24 are said to be in Jaipur while one each are in Haridwar and Kolkata. Altogether, 141 income tax officials are involved and the help of 30 police personnel have also been taken.\"The jeweller is into trading and manufacturing of gold and silver ornaments. After receiving strong tip-off, our officers launched a search which is likely to be over by Thursday evening. Only after that we would be able to say anything with certainty,\" said an official.The raids started at 7:30 am in the morning at the jeweller's residences at Chaura Rasta, Tonk and various other places in the city.In fact, the jeweller is not new to such raids from the I-T department and similar massive searches were held in 2006 and 1996 too.However, sources also claimed that apart from accumulating massive wealth from jewellery business, the businessman is also allegedly involved in cricket betting and money laundering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039822", "title": "One railway official returns money taken in TVI scam", "text": "NAGPUR: One retired Central Railway pointsman had lady luck smiling on him on Tuesday, when a senior officials returned Rs15,500 taken as part of the TVI Express scheme. Over 500 railway employees have reportedly been lured by officials to invest in the TVI Express, a network marketing company selling memberships.Pointsman Atmaram Govinda was given Rs15,500 on Tuesday by movement inspector (MI) Komal Gajbhiye working in the operating department. Govinda, who had no knowledge of the scheme, had been influenced into investing in it due to Gajbhiye's official position.\"Gajbhiye returned Rs15,500 when he came to my place. He asked me to say that the money was returned two months ago,\" Govinda told TOI.Govinda turned out to be lucky, but there are many more employees who want their money back but are not coming forward to lodge an official complaint fearing victimization at their workplace. Another MI reportedly called employees and former officials to promise that he will return the money.Although DRM Brijesh Dixit has not ordered an official probe, it is learnt that he is not happy with what has happened. The TVI scam has dented his image as a dynamic officer. A source said Dixit wants all MIs involved in the scam to be shunted out, but there is opposition from senior divisional operating manager (SrDOM), under whom the MIs work.Some officials want all MIs working for over 15 years on sensitive posts at the same place to be shunted out. But the SrDOM is not ready since these MIs are in his good books. The MIs deploy large number of pointsmen at the bungalows of officials and also look after transfer and postings of employees, where a lot of stakes are involved, railway sources said.It is not only the TVI scam, Gajbhiye and others were also allegedly involved in selling 'miracle' pendants for Rs8,500 to employees, promising peace and prosperity at home. Some pointsmen said they were also asked to collect donation for Durga Puja festival and handed over receipt books. All these personal business transactions were done using official infrastructure and computers. Several officials involved, including Smriti Dayani, have gone on leave after the scam was reported.Commenting on the issue, PRO PD Patil could only say that the DRM is serious about what has happened and has asked SrDOM Satyendra Kumar to look into the matter. \"In next eight days you can see the results,\" Patil hinted.However, those who were lured to become members even after TVI Express closed down in July 2010 are now asking whether the networking company had indeed taken the money. \"The DRM should seek details about the Honda City car purchased by Gajbhiye,\" said a retired senior divisional safety officer (SrDSO), who lost Rs45,000 in the ponzi scam. Gajbhiye claims the car was bought on loan.One of the peons of DOM Vilas Patil was also not spared. \"I paid Rs15,500 to pointsman Ashok who assured that he will ensure two other members are also added as required. I don't understand anything about computers and did nothing except paying the money,\" said Patil.Meanwhile, there were indications that a formal complaint was lodged in the matter with the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039430", "title": "Reliance favourite group of BJP and Congress, Kejriwal says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan of India Against Corruption launched a blistering attack on the Congress and BJP on Wednesday for allegedly promoting the business interests of Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Industries Ltd. They claimed that the UPA and NDA regimes had conspired to organize benefits worth thousands of crores for the company at the public exchequer's expense.Speaking against the backdrop of the uproar over Jaipal Reddy's removal from the petroleum ministry, allegedly at Reliance's instance, Bhushan and Kejriwal alleged that the same company had earlier got Mani Shankar Aiyar also turfed out from the ministry. They said it was Ambani who was running the government, not Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . They also claimed that Reddy had opposed Reliance's demand for revision of price of gas from the Krishna-Godavari basin field, and was trying to hold them to account for hoarding gas.While the Congress and BJP were savaged and their alleged favours to Reliance were cited as examples of their collusion over corruption, the industry heavyweight was also scorched in what was clearly the first instance of its kind in recent times.Apart from being mentioned as a glaring example of crony capitalism, the activists accused Reliance of hoarding gas from the KG basin field in order to profit at people's expense and of seeking to blackmail the government.The Congress was quick to rebuff the allegations as \"baseless\" and also questioned India Against Corruption's source of funding. AICC general secretary B K Hariprasad said, \"Nowadays, it is fashionable of IAC to make accusations. But where are you getting your funds from? If Mukesh Ambani is running the government, then IAC is run by people from abroad.\" He also accused Kejriwal of being in league with BJP.\"Woh tuchhe jamakhoron ki tarah kaam kar rahen hain (they are behaving like petty hoarders),\" declared Arvind Kejriwal on Wednesday while accusing Reliance of hoarding gas. Bhushan and Kejriwal said Reliance had deliberately scaled down production of gas to pressure the government into raising price prematurely, adding that while Reliance sought and got a four-fold raise in capital expenditure on the KG gas field, only 13 of the 31 gas wells were in production.The activists also played an audio clip from the infamous Niira Radia tapes, with former PM A B Vajpayee's foster son-in-law Ranjan Bhattacharya telling the ex-corporate lobbyist, \"Mukeshbhai told me, Congress to apni dukaan hai\".Reliance forcefully denied the charges and accused India Against Corruption of being a proxy of vested interests. \"Irresponsible allegations made by the IAC at the behest of vested interests without basic understanding of complexities of a project of this nature do not merit a response,\" an RIL statement said.\"The deep water exploration project in the KG-D6 basin has deployed the best technical resources and has been recognized by the oil and gas industry as one of the very best in its class. The project has added great economic value to the country and by all accounts is a project of which India can be justly proud,\" the company claimed.The PM also came in for rough treatment with the activist duo saying he was liable to be prosecuted under the Prevention of Corruption Act for allegedly abusing his position to help corporate interests \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from Reliance to companies engaged in Coalgate and 2G scam \u00e2\u20ac\u201d profit at the cost of the public exchequer. \"He signs on to every file, be it of Coalgate or spectrum scam. He has been ensnared by Congress,\" Kejriwal said.The press conference - the third of a series of exposes promised by the activists -- reinforced their status as a stakeholder in public policy debates, expanding the field beyond the government and business. The activists broke down esoteric concepts of mmbtus (million metric British thermal units) and mmscmd (million metric standard cubic meters per day) into the mundane tangible concern of price of power, fertilizer and inflation.Expanding the arena in which the gas pricing is to be settled, the activists called upon people to rise in revolt against the loot of public money, and exhorted them to maintain a hawk-eyed vigil on the moves of Reddy's successor in petroleum ministry, Veerappa Moily. \"File thousands of RTIs to see what this man does regarding the demands of Reliance,\" Kejriwal said.The activists also backed up their serious charges by releasing government documents which showed that Reddy had opposed Reliance's demand for a hike in gas price from $4.2 per unit to $14.2 per unit. Another document concerned a penalty that Reddy imposed on the energy major for allegedly failing to meet gas production target, and it was cited by the activists to substantiate the charge that Reliance had deliberately scaled down production to conserve gas and sell it at a higher rate later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17039636", "title": "US reels under record blitz of angry poll advertisements", "text": "\"America in Decline\" - this title appears on the screen followed by a searing, fast moving montage of images showing churches turned to mosques, Iran with nuclear weapons, petrol prices going through the roof, unemployment , lights going off across the Eastern coast and so on for three minutes. Then appears the message - elect Obama and this is what will happen. That is one of the apocalyptic TV ads aired in the brutal Obama-Romney war for the President of US.Americans are reeling under a never-seen-before onslaught of TV advertising in the ongoing election campaign for president and Congress seats. And it is predominantly fuelled by anger, fear and sadness. Over 9.15 lakh ads have been aired for just the presidential contest between Obama and Romney till 21 October according to the Wesleyan Media Project. This is 44.5% more than ads telecast in the 2008 election.\"We've already surpassed the total number of presidential ads aired during the entire 2008 campaign \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and we still have two weeks to go before Election Day,\" said Erika Franklin Fowler, co-director of the Project.Two other aspects of this air-war are striking, apart from these staggering numbers. One is that the ads are concentrated on fewer markets than 2008. This means that \"a smaller number of Americans have witnessed the onslaught of messages in the race for the White House \" according to Fowler. The ads appear to be concentrated in battleground states like Ohio , Florida , Nevada ,The other is negativity. Analysis of the high-voltage ad-war in the first three weeks of October shows that anger, fear and sadness were the top three emotions being depicted by both sides of the campaign. Among Romney's ads 86% showed anger, 36% showed fear and 32% showed sadness according to Wesleyan's analysis. Obama's ads were not far behind with 70% showing anger, 30% showing fear and 47% sadness.While the Romney campaign has shifted tracks, with 52% TV ads contrasting him with Obama and 36% only attacking the president, Obama has relied mainly on attacking Romney (73%) with contrasts being shown in just 20% of ads. Pro-Romney attacks have almost universally focused on policy (96%) whereas 44% of the pro-Obama ads were a combination of policy and personally focused critiques.TV ad financing also shows a new development in American electoral politics - the rise of shadowy 'outside' spending. Between October 1 and 21, the Obama camp spent $77.5 million on ads while the Romney camp spent $87.1 million. Obama's spending came mostly from money he had raised himself (94%) but in Romney's case only 44% was raised by him while another massive 44 percent flowed in from supporting groups like super-PACs and other 'welfare' organizations. This has affected the TV ad rates - Obama is getting ads cheaper than Romney.A ranking of the top 15 sponsors of TV ads during the first three weeks of October (with Obama and Romney being counted separate from their parties) has just five Democratic sponsors - the remaining 10 are Republicans. American Crossroads , a super-PAC set up by Bush adviser and Republican ideologue Karl Rove tops the list (after the two candidates) with spending crossing $28.5 million. It is followed by the Democratic group Priorities USA Action with an ad spend of $9.5 million.Taxes, economic disparity and the budget deficit were the top three issues in Obama's ads. Romney appears to be putting all his eggs in the jobs basket - 82% of his ads talked of jobs. Other major issues highlighted by the GOP candidate were the deficit and government spending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039989", "title": "Telangana Congress MPs to refrain from Andhra Pradesh day programmes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bowing to TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao's call to boycott AP formation day celebrations on November 1, Telangana Congress MPs and MLAs have decided to stay away from official programmes on Thursday. However, labour minister Danam Nagender refused to be part of the lobby calling for the boycott and said he would take part in the official functions.BC welfare minister Basavaraju Saraiah, who is also convenor of Telangana Congress MLAs, said that he would not participate in the official programme to be held on November 1 in protest against the Centre's inaction on the Telangana issue. Talking to TOI, Saraiah said Telangana ministers would boycott the celebrations.Nalgonda MP Gutha Sukhender Reddy accused the party leadership of perpetuating injustice to Telangana. \"There is a severe imbalance in the distribution of ministries in the Union council of ministers between Seemandhra and Telangana regions. Telangana, a region of 10 districts, was given three berths while the Seemandhra region with 13 districts was given seven berths,\" he said. \"How does the party expect us to participate in a function connected to Andhra Pradesh formation,\" Gutha asked.Nalgonda MLA Komatireddy Venkata Reddy, who resigned from the cabinet in connection with the Telangana issue, said the separate state would become a reality only if all ministers resign from the cabinet. \"Unless we fight together, a separate Telangana state will remain a distant dream,\" he said. He appealed to the MLAs to observe the AP formation day as the day of betrayal.Anticipating the Telangana ministers' stand, the state government had asked district collectors to officiate as chief guests in the official programmes on Thursday. However, responding to the boycott call given by his colleagues, Nagender said that he would participate in the government programnes. Taking objection to the boycott call given by KCR, Danam asked as to why the TRS president did not think of boycotting the celebrations when he was a minister in the TDP regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039935", "title": "Govt may lift ban on pharma firm-sponsored tours for doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ban on doctors, being sponsored by pharma companies to attend conferences, could soon get diluted.The department of pharmaceuticals that is preparing the \"Uniform Code of Pharmaceutical Marketing Practices\" has asked the Union health ministry to take a relook at the existing rule of such activities by the Medical Council of India (MCI).The department secretary Dilsher Singh Kalha has written to Union health secretary P K Pradhan, saying that the \"industry impressed upon the fact recently that continued medical education (CME) is an essential and important factor in the professional growth of a medical practitioner. Professionally and ethically conducted CMEs sponsored by pharma industry could eventually benefit the patients.\"Kalha is planning to convene \"a meeting shortly wherein MCI officials will also be invited for detailed deliberations and possible amendments thereof\".Kalha says that the MCI notification, dated December 10, 2009, prohibits any Indian healthcare professional (HCP) from accepting any hospitality/travel from pharmaceutical companies for any purpose including educational programmes such as conferences, seminars, workshops and CMEs.Pushing for a lift on the ban, Kalha backs his arguments with the example of the UK, where pharma companies are allowed to sponsor HCPs for bona-fide CMEs, including international and national conferences.Kalha, who recently met with the pharma industry associations regarding \"code of conduct for doctors in their relationship with pharma and allied health sector industry\", argued that the rationale for permitting sponsorship of doctors by pharma companies to attend scientific meetings is that it enables them to learn about the latest cutting-edge developments in the field of medicine.\"The learning translates into improved patient care. Regulations in various countries including the UK permit pharma companies to sponsor HCPs for bona-fide CMEs,\" says the letter to the health ministry.Doctor-pharma nexus has become rampant in India.Some drug companies were recently caught red-handed recently writing scientific recommendations of their own products and submitting them to the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) after getting them endorsed by top doctors for a quicker marketing approval.Usually, scientific recommendations are submitted by experts after they have studied a drug's content.The endorsement is considered a crucial testimony that convinces India's Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) to trust the drug's effectiveness, in turn, allowing it to be launched in the market.A recent study by the Planning Commission's high-level expert group (HLEG) said the pharmaceutical industry spent over 25% of their annual turnover on sales promotion alone as compared to a paltry 7% on research and development in 2008-09.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad recently said that the ministry has received several complaints against such doctors taking gifts from pharma companies which have been referred to the MCI.According to the MCI, in 2011-12, it received 702 such complaints of which 343 have been referred to state medical councils.Registration of just three such doctors has been temporarily removed and one other doctor has been warned. Azad has said that investigation is still underway on 168 of these complaints.In 2010-11, MCI received 824 such complaints following which they cancelled the registration of only 10 doctors, warning four others.Azad said India will soon introduce the \"Uniform Code of Pharmaceutical Marketing Practices.\"The code makes some very important recommendations.It says the word \"safe\" cannot be used on a drug without qualification and it must be stated categorically that a medicine has no side effects, toxic hazards or risk of addiction. It explains, \"No gifts, pecuniary advantages or benefits in kind may be supplied, offered or promised to persons qualified to prescribe or supply by a pharmaceutical company. Gifts for the personal benefit of healthcare professionals (such as tickets to entertainment events) also are not be offered or provided. Companies must not organize meetings to coincide with sporting, entertainment or other leisure events. Venues that are renowned for their entertainment must not be used.\"It added, \"Any hospitality offered to healthcare professionals must not be extended to spouses. Funding of healthcare professionals to compensate them for the time spent in attending the event is not permitted.\"Congress MP Jyoti Mirdha had recently complained to the Prime Minister's Office that drug companies were indulging in unethical practices.Planning Commission member Syeda Hameed took the example of the US' Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) and how it has mandated strict regulations to curb unethical promotions.These include mandated disclosure by pharmaceutical companies of the expenditure incurred on drug promotion, ghost writing in promotion of pharma products to attract disqualification of the author and penalty on the company and vetting by FDA of drug related material in CME.The parliamentary standing committee recently said there is \"sufficient evidence on record to conclude that there is collusive nexus between drug manufacturers, some functionaries of CDSCO and some medical experts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17040065", "title": "9 tourists rescued off Candolim", "text": "CALANGUTE: Nine tourists were rescued from drowning at Candolim beach late on Tuesday evening.Lifeguards said that a large group of tourists were swimming at Candolim beach at 6.15pm around the time when lifeguards go off duty. Lifeguards present advised them not to swim as the spot is demarcated for water sports activities and swimming is not allowed. But despite warnings the tourists entered the water and were caught in a rip current.Lifeguards who had been observing the group went in with rescue tubes and boards, while a water sports operator in the area also rushed to their assistance. The victims were then brought to the shore one at a time on a jet-ski and boat. They were later allowed to go. The rescued tourists, both men and women , had arrived from different cities. They have been identified as R D'Souza, T Choudhary, Rahul Shirsat, Riya Shirsat, Mohit Agarwal, Pritam Singh, Atul Fodhar, Rehman Mehaboob, and Rupashi Munshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17040859", "title": "Megastorm Sandy: 2nd most popular online topic of 2012", "text": "Megastorm Sandy has been the year's second most- talked-about topic on social networking website Facebook, after the Super Bowl game, a survey has found. According to data gathered by Facebook, the most-shared term by US users on the social networking website was \"We are OK\". Sandy scored an 8.34, at its peak on Monday, on Facebook's 'Talk Meter', which measures chatter about a news event on a scale of 1 to 10 when compared with a baseline. So far in 2012, Sandy trails only the Super Bowl - the annual championship of the National League of Football - between the New England Patriots and the New York Giants , which earned an 8.62 in February, CNN said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040599", "title": "Cultural fest kicks off in SoBo this weekend", "text": "MUMBAI: Just after Literature Live! kicks off at the NCPA with its supply of literary, theatrical and musical acts, another festival will sprout up not far off at the Hornimal Circle Garden. This one, called Indikaleido (Nov 2 to 4), will put out a schedule comprising predominantly of live music, dance performances and children's workshops. This is the festival's inaugural edition.\"We want to make Horniman Circle Garden come alive as a cultural hub,\" says Shirin Barucha, chairman of the Horniman Circle Garden Trust. \"The trust has been doing this in one shape or another for over 20 years,\" she adds, referring to the various cultural events the garden has hosted. At Indikaleido, entry to all events is free. Only children's workshops demand prior registration on account of limited seating.Some of the performers include fusion rock band Indian Ocean, tabla artiste Ustad Fazal Qureshi, singer Indira Naik, El Ferda, an Algerian Sufi group, santoor artiste Rahul Sharma, and the dance troupe Prince of India's Got Talent fame. Workshops for kids on glass painting, storytelling, astronomy, art a la M F Husain, and even an introduction to the tabla will be held.The organizers have also partnered with the GPO and Mani Bhavan. The former will instal a stamp counter in the 'History' corner of the festival. Mani Bhavan will set up a tableaux depicting Gandhi's life and instal a charkha where visitors can spin thread from cotton. For more details visit www.indikaleido.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040195", "title": "CNG price hiked, will cost Rs 33.95 from today", "text": "MUMBAI: The price of compressed natural gas (CNG) has been increased by about 2.57% or 85 paise per kg. Following the hike, which came into effect from Wednesday midnight, CNG will cost Rs 33.95 per kg in the city.As autorickshaws, taxis, Cool Cabs, fleet taxis and buses run on CNG in the city, the news caused some anxiety to citizens who thought they might have to brace for another round of fare hikes. Allaying fears, state transport commissioner V N More said there would be \"no revision\" in auto and taxi fares till May next year. \"The government recently passed a resolution which states that fares of autos and taxis should be hiked only once in a year-anytime in May,\" -and the fares should be increased only if the calculation (as per the Hakim formula) comes to more than 50 paise per km,\" said More. This means citizens will not be burdened with a further hike in auto/taxi fares till May.Commuters are already aggrieved with the recent increase in auto and taxi fares and have asked the government to roll back the hikes.Taxi and auto union leaders are unhappy with the hike in CNG price. Taxi union leader A L Quadros said, \"We got a small hike of Rs 2 as compared to the Rs 3-hike for autos. Now, we will have to pay nearly Re 1 per kg extra for CNG. This will be a huge burden and we will seek a revision in fares.\"As far as BEST is concerned, more than 50% of its fleet runs on CNG and the rest on diesel. The BEST administration is likely to put forward a proposal for a hike in bus fares. Congress members in the BEST committee said they will oppose any hike in fares. But BEST has already announced that it may hike fares by Re 1 from April next year due to the increase in diesel prices. Now, with the CNG price hike, the transport body may demand a Rs 2-hike from April, sources said.For those who have switched over from petrol to CNG cars, the fuel price will be Rs 33.95 per kg at the CNG stations from Thursday morning.An official from Mahanagar Gas Ltd (MGL) said, \"Due to an increase in the overall input costs, MGL is constrained to increase the price of CNG by 85 paise__a marginal increase of about 2.57% with effect from Wednesday midnight.\" The revised rates of CNG would be Rs 33.95 in Mumbai, Rs 34.12 in Thane, Rs 34.37 in Mira Road-Bhayander, Rs 34.29 in Navi Mumbai and Kharghar, Rs 34.97 in Bhiwandi, the official said.He further stated, even after the revision, the CNG supplied by MGL remains a very attractive customer proposition and offers savings of about 69% and 42% as compared to current prices of petrol and diesel in Mumbai.\"The last time CNG price was hiked was in February when it was increased by 5%.NEW CNG PRICES FROM NOVEMBER 1Area ......................................New RatesMumbai..................................33.95Thane ....................................34.12Mira Road-Bhayander..........34.37Navi Mumbai and Kharghar..34.29Bhiwandi.................................34.97Source : MGL", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040039", "title": "Hyderabad police clueless as temple thieves strike at will", "text": "HYDERABAD: Lack of basic security measures and easy access have made temples a low-risk lucrative target for burglars, say analysts alarmed at the increasing cases of break-in seen in these religious places in recent weeks.Burglars struck at over half-a-dozen temples in the city in the last one month. None of the temples targeted this month has either a watchman or CCTV cameras. Also, the locking mechanism at majority of the temples is very basic, which any experienced burglar can open in less than 30 seconds, a Central Crime Station (CCS) investigator told TOI.According to police, most offenders, before committing a burglary, conduct a recce of the location to familiarize themselves with movement of people and figure out if there are any hurdles like dogs, security or watchman. \"Committing burglary at a house is a lot more risky as one does not know whether any valuables are stored there or not.However, committing a burglary at a temple is lot safer as the offender is sure of valuables available there. \"Most temple burglars visit the target place in the guise of a devotee before committing the offence,\" a Chatrinaka police officer said.The Hyderabad and Cyberabad police have arrested 45 temple burglars till date this year. As per police records, 15 inter-state and six local temple burglar gangs are active in the city.After the burglary at Mahankali temple in Lal Darwaza on October 9, the Hyderabad police had shortlisted 13 such offenders active in the city and interrogated some of them, including Prakash Sahu, Ravi Mohan, Rambabu and Sai Krishna, to get possible leads.They also questioned two local youths who had committed a minor theft at the temple a year ago. \"We have questioned some suspects and some more are yet to be traced. So far, nothing concrete came out of the interrogation,\" Hyderabad commissioner Anurag Sharma said. But sources say that other than basic inputs, the police have no clue about gangs of temple thieves. \"With low risk in the activity, many new gangs must have become operational but the police has no intelligence on them,\" an inside source said.\"The only thing that the police may know is that the gang members are not very religious. Otherwise they would not steal from a temple,\" the source added.Meanwhile, the Hyderabad police, embarrassed with all-round criticism, have installed three CCTV cameras connected to a recorder capable of holding 15-hour video feed at the Mahankali temple in Lal Darwaza on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041123", "title": "Youth held for outraging modesty of minor girl", "text": "JAIPUR: A 21-year-old youth was arrested after he barged into the washroom of a house and tried to molest a minor girl.The incident took place late on Tuesday night in Jhalana Doongri area. A 16-year-old girl had gone to the washroom of her rented house when a youth, identified as Pradeep Shekhawat, barged in and attempted to molest the girl. The girl shouted for help and soon others in the house arrived and thrashed the youth.At least 50 people gathered on the spot and started thrashing the youth. Almost after 20 minutes somebody informed the police and he was handed over to them.\"We have arrested him on charges of outraging the modesty of the girl. People claimed that he was attempting to undress the girl while he was nabbed,\" said Bhagwat Singh Hingar, circle inspector, Malviya Nagar police station on Wednesday.A case under Section 354 (outraging modesty) of IPC was lodged against him. The accused is a student and was a regular visitor to a house situated near to the victim's house, said police.The investigation of the case was handed over to assistant commissioner of police, Malviya Nagar.The accused was presented before the local court from where he was sent to judicial custody of 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040436", "title": "Keep accused away from Apna Ghar victims: HC to Haryana govt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The high court has directed the Haryana government to make sure that Bhim Singh Ranga or any other accused did not gain access to children in the Rohtak shelter home, Apna Ghar.Warning that swift action would be taken against anyone found troubling the children, the High Court asked the Haryana government to make arrangements for counselling of the children.Advocates Anil Malhotra and Utsav Bains have been allowed to interact with counsellors for rehabilitation of the victims. These directives were given by Justice Mahesh Grover while taking up a petition seeking initiation of contempt proceedings against the CBI for its failure to complete the probe into the case within the stipulated two-month period.Meanwhile, the Haryana government placed on record a report before the HC saying that departmental proceedings have been initiated against Bhim Singh Ranga, who was arrested by the CBI for destruction of evidence.Ranga, now retired, was the investigating officer in the case of sexual abuse of Apna Ghar children by its manager Jaswanti and her kin. A status report was also filed by the CBI in the case.On July 19, the Punjab and Haryana High Court had directed the CBI to complete the probe within two months. The contempt petition on the issue filed by local lawyer Utsav Bains pleaded that the CBI had filed a chargesheet against seven accused, Jaswanti, Sushma, Jai Bhagwan , Satish, Sheela, Jaswant and Veena on August 7. The remaining three accused, Haarvinder Singh, Daya Nand and Bhim Singh Ranga, were granted bail as the investigation is still pending and no chargesheet was filed within the 90-day deadline.The petitioner also said Bhim Singh Ranga, who is out on bail, has been threatening case witnesses after his release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040252", "title": "14 held with fake cellphones worth Rs 1 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch and the crime branch control arrested 14 persons who were selling over 1,000 fake cellphones worth Rs 1 crore and accessories at City Center Mall in Mumbai Central. A special team of the crime branch raided the place on a tip-off.The accused have been booked under copyright act and for cheating and forgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "17041416", "title": "New district formation in Bnegal put on hold", "text": "ASANSOL: The panchayat election, slated for early next year, seems to be the chief minister's top priority. The bifurcation of the districts, supposed to be implemented from Thursday, has been put hold and will come into effect only after the panchayat polls are over.Earlier, the state government had decided to bifurcate West Midnapore to set up Jhargram district and Burdwan to form Alipurduar and Asansol Durgapur districts.During her first visit to Durgapur as the chief minister, Mamata Banerjee had said she would form a new district with Asansol and Durgapur sub divisions. According to the census report of 2011, the combined population of Asansol and Durgapur is over 2.6 million. Mamata had also given out instructions to the state and district officials for the formation of three new districts which was supposed to come into effect from November 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041561", "title": "Ranchi teenager kills father for thrashing him", "text": "RANCHI: A teenager killed his father by slitting his throat with a kitchen knife late on Tuesday night. The next morning, he surrendered himself to the police.The 17-year-old, however, was not repentant. \"I have no regrets. He was not a nice man. He always scolded and thrashed me. Last night when I returned home he thrashed me again. I got furious and slit his throat with a vegetable knife,\" said the boy.The officer-in-charge of Tupudana police station, Krishna Murari, said the boy is the youngest of three siblings. He used to live with his father, Francis Gadi, while the two other brothers lived in a different house. After their mother died five years ago, the two elder brothers left the house.The officer said that at the time of the crime, the boy was in an inebriated condition. \"In the morning when he came and informed us about the murder, we took the boy in custody. We have sent the body for post-mortem to ascertain the time and reason of his death as we cannot rely on the statements of the boy completely since he was in an inebriated condition,\" said the officer.A neighbour pointed out that Francis unnecessarily scolded and thrashed his son and that they were often heard quarrelling at night. \"Last night also they had a tiff but within a few minutes they became quiet. So we did not bother to check what had happened,\" said the neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17041624", "title": "Caught at very first click though Criminal Identification Centre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman has successfully used newly developed software at the crime branch's Criminal Identification Centre (CIC) to nab a person, who took away her gold ornaments worth Rs two lakh by posing as a police officer.The imposter was identified as Salim Rathod, who had earlier served as police constable. Rathod was arrested on Wednesday.Last month, a man stopped the woman when she came out from a hotel in Naroda.He insisted that she is involved in illegal activities and should accompany him to the police station for interrogation.When the scared woman got inside his car, the imposter made another proposal.He asked her to pay him Rs 20,000 if she wanted to avoid the embarrassment of being booked for unlawful activities.The woman told the 'cop' that she did not have any money and asked him to come to her house. However, even at her home she did not have enough money.The imposter then forcibly took away gold ornaments from her houseThe woman, whose identity is being kept confidential for safety, later had lodged a complaint against the unknown 'cop' with Naroda police station.\"Recently, the woman read about the CIC and approached us,\" said deputy commissioner of police, crime branch, Himanshu Shukla.This became CIC's first successful crime detection after it was inaugurated on Tuesday.The woman was shown a number of fake police suspects' photographs with their modus operandi and other details of criminal records. \"She was quick to identify one photograph in the very first list of suspects. This helped us nab Salim. He had been caught earlier for similar offenses at Odhav and Sola,\" said police inspector, BM Desai.Salim was an armed police constable who was thrown out of the police force in 1997 because he failed to report to his duty for three years continuously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17042081", "title": "'Being in exile helps in seeing reality'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Being in exile enhances a writer's ability to understand reality, said Booker Prize winner Ben Okri . Responding to a question whether he considered himself a writer in exile at the 'In Conversation' held as part of the Vishwa Malayala Mahotsavam on Wednesday, the Nigerian author and poet said he viewed exile and literature as twins.Okri considers himself partially a writer in exile because he carried Africa with him despite spending his early years in London. \"Being in exile is a strange condition of literature. To see the reality, we need a distance,\" he said, citing his own experience in depicting a street, where he lived for years, in a novel. Africa has been a victim of enough negative promotion and he felt it is his duty as a writer to put an effort to change the picture.\"Africa, more than any other place, has suffered profoundly from perceptions like land of famines and starvations. If you take what you have read about Africa till today, it would have vanished by now,\" he said. The brighter side of the continent has never been celebrated and Africans have been suffering due to this demonization. \"Africa also has a richness of literature, laughter, great markets and variety of languages. It is an important responsibility to change this picture but not by protesting as protesting cannot change perceptions,\" Okri said.Regarding his double role as a poet and a fiction writer, Okri recalled that he began his writings with poems about love. He was inspired to write by the stories that his mother used to tell him.\"My mother would never correct me as a child but instead she used to tell me stories. Those were enigmatic, fascinating stories from which I learnt the mystery of story-telling,\" he said.Okri entered the mythical world of novels in his teens. He wrote the first novel at 17. \"It took three years to complete, and by the time it was published, I was disillusioned with it and went on to the next one.\"On his Booker Prize winning novel 'Famished Road' published in 1991, he said his intention was to change the perception of the spirit-child concept prevalent in Africa.\"Spirit child is a tragic figure in Africa. The moment such a child is born, the emotion of the mother is grief. I wanted to transform it into an optimistic figure.\"He also recited one of his poems titled 'My mother Sleeps'. \"By the time I published this poem, my mother had passed away but I decided to retain the title.\"Okri addressed the programme with writer-politician Shashi Tharoor .Thiruvananthapuram: Being in exile enhances a writer's ability to understand reality, said Booker Prize winner Ben Okri.Responding to a question whether he considered himself a writer in exile at the 'In Conversation' held as part of the Vishwa Malayala Mahotsavam on Wednesday, the Nigerian author and poet said he viewed exile and literature as twins.Okri said he considered himself partially a writer in exile because he carried Africa with him though he had spent his early years in London. \"Being in exile is a strange condition of literature itself. To see the reality, we need a distance,\" he said, citing his own experience in depicting a street where he lived for years in a novel.Africa has been a victim of enough negative promotion and he felt it is his duty as a writer to put an effort to change the picture. \"Africa, more than any other place, has suffered profoundly from perceptions like land of famines and starvations. If you take what you have read about Africa till today, it would have vanished by now,\" he said.The brighter side of the continent has never been celebrated and Africans have been suffering due to this demonization. \"Africa also has a richness of literature, laughter, great markets and variety of languages. It is an important responsibility to change this picture but not by protesting as protesting cannot change perceptions,\" Okri said.Regarding his double role as a poet and a fiction writer, Okri recalled that he began his writings with poems about love. He was inspired to write by the stories that his mother used to tell him. \"My mother would never correct me as a child but instead she used to tell me stories. Those were enigmatic, fascinating stories from which I learnt the mystery of story-telling,\" he said.Okri entered the mythical world of novels in his teens. He wrote the first novel at 17. \"It took almost three years to complete, and by the time it was published, I was disillusioned with it and went on to the next one.\"On his Booker Prize winning novel 'Famished Road' published in 1991, he said his intention was to change the perception of the spirit-child concept prevalent in Africa. \"Spirit child is a tragic figure in Africa. The moment such a child is born, the emotion of the mother is grief. I wanted to transform it into an optimistic figure.\"He also recited one of his poems titled 'My mother Sleeps'. \"By the time I published this poem, my mother had passed away but I decided to retain the title.\"Okri addressed the programme with writer-politician Shashi Tharoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17041001", "title": "Frame scheme to control stray dog menace: Punjab and Haryana high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday ordered the states of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh administration to frame a comprehensive scheme within two months to control the stray dog menace.A division bench comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice R K Jain also directed that the scheme should be \"in the form of rules or otherwise\", keeping in view a judgment and decree of a Delhi court and \"Comprehensive Guidelines for Dog Control and Management\" framed by the high court of Bombay in \"CWP No.1596 of 1998\".The bench also directed the states and the UT administration that after formulating the scheme within two months, the same should be placed before the court to signify that action as directed had been taken.The directions came in the wake of a PIL filed by former Mohali councillor Kuljit Singh Bedi, who had sought directions to the UT and Punjab and Haryana to control the rising stray dog menace.The petitioner had claimed that in the recent past, stray dogs had created terror in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh and were endangering human lives.He had also submitted before the court that in case the stray dog menace was not possible to control by way of sterilization, then they could either be put in four walls of the cattle/dog pounds or killed in legal chambers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039815", "title": "Cops scanning new bike records", "text": "NAGPUR: Stepping up investigations in the sensational Rs1.58 crore robbery at the busy Jaistambh Square near Nagpur railway station on Tuesday morning, Sadar police and city crime branch have started exploring every possible clue that would help in cracking the case.Three men on a bike had stopped an auto rickshaw near the station and decamped with a bag containing jewellery worth Rs1.58 crore in possession of a courier agent Pradeep Vighe at knifepoint during rush hour traffic.Police said that the robbers used a new bike (MH 31 TC 232) for the crime. Sadar police are going through the registration of bikes sold during Navratri and Dussehra. \"Since a large number of vehicles were sold during this period, going through the records will take some time,\" said senior PI RV Bansod.Police also do not rule out involvement of some hawala traders in the case and have already started questioning a few of them. Crime branch has also questioning some history-sheeters.Auto driver Ramesh Budankar, who tried to chase the robbers, had told police that the youths had fled towards Motibagh and then disappeared in the crowd. A squad is also searching the Mominpura area.Vighe, the complainant, was earlier nabbed by GRP for illegally transporting valuables worth Rs1.80 crore by train after a tip off from an informer. City police are also keeping a close watch on the activities of this informer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039907", "title": "Congress questions IAC\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s source of funding", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Wednesday questioned India Against Corruption's source of funding, rebuffing as \"baseless\" the allegations that UPA was favouring Reliance Industries Ltd.AICC general secretary B K Hariprasad said, \"It is baseless. Nowadays, it is fashionable of IAC to make accusations. But where are you getting your funds from? Who is funding the IAC... It is Ford Foundation -- from Ramlila Maidan to this press conference.\"The Congress leader also accused Arvind Kejriwal of being in league with BJP, questioning his exclusive focus on Delhi. \"Why he is not going to states which are neck deep in corruption. He should first come clean on charges levelled against him before making accusations at others. If Mukesh Ambani is running the government, the IAC is run by people abroad -- Ford foundation and others,\" Hariprasad said.The Congress reaction revolved around the calculation that Kejriwal's timing was again aimed at denting the party's advantage in the wake of positivity evoked by the Cabinet reshuffle.The reviews about Congress pitchforking GenNext in leadership positions had nudged out corruption and policy paralysis from headlines, giving fresh optimism to the Congress otherwise reeling under bad publicity. IAC earlier made serious accusations against Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra after an year-long campaign against the Manmohan Singh government.The strong bid to renew graft focus on UPA appeared to many as IAC's attempt to undermine the Centre, with BJP being the beneficiary. That it would help the saffron camp duck the relentless scrutiny of party chief Nitin Gadkari's alleged dubious business dealings raised suspicion of continued partnership between IAC and BJP. Ironically, Gadkari was a victim of IAC's expose but Congress claims it is evidence of Kejriwal being aligned to the anti-Gadkari faction of BJP.Assembly polls in Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat have seen an interesting turn on corruption. While the charges against Congress mascot Virbhadra Singh of receiving payoffs from corporates rattled the party looking to dislodge BJP, Gadkari's woes brought it back to life.The BJP chief's dropping out of the campaign in the hill state only helped neutralize the advantage that the saffron party enjoyed over Congress on the graft issue.Now, the fresh cloud over UPA is seen as an attempt to help its rival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17043145", "title": "Now a film on Hindu ganglands", "text": "Forbidden themes seem to be her forte. And so, taking her bold filmmaking a step further, Ekta Kapoor will team up with Sanjay Gupta to make another crime thriller; this time round based on Hindu gangs and gang wars in Maharashtra.Not only is this a never-before-tackled gangland subject, S Hussain Zaidi, on whose book Dongri to Dubai, Shoot At Wadala is based, will be writing the novel while Gupta will be writing the film's script.Gupta confirmed the news and said, \"The film on Hindu gangs in Maharashtra is entirely Ekta's brainchild. She commissioned Hussain Zaidi to write the book on the subject and commissioned me to write the script based on the novel and to direct it.\"Gupta is currently in consultation with his legal team to ensure the film doesn't land Ekta and him in trouble. And, we hear John Abraham will be playing Sachin Aahir in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17041726", "title": "Enhance security at shipbuilding project site, demands MP MK Raghvan", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The security arrangements at the site earmarked for the National Institute for Research and Development in Defence Shipbuilding (NIRDESH) project at Chaliyam near Beypore should be entrusted with the military or paramilitary forces, said MP M K Raghvan.Addressing a news conference here on Wednesday, he said the recent destruction of the boundary wall around the site should be taken seriously.Raghavan said he would write a letter to defence minister A K Antony seeking deployment of military or paramilitary forces in the area to protect the project site.The Nirmithi Kendra has been engaged in constructing the compound wall around the project site. A portion of the wall was destroyed by unidentified person on October 18 and police registered a case following the complaint by the Nirmithi project officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039858", "title": "No water in east &amp; north Nagpur for 2 days", "text": "NAGPUR: After West Nagpur, now it is the turn of east and north Nagpur residents to face drinking water crisis. Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) will take up work to install 500mm and 700mm diameter valves at Omkar Nagar ESR (elevated storage reservoirs) under Pench IV project on November 1. To carry out the work, OCWL will stop the water supply to residential localities getting water from Omkar Nagar ESR. The next day (November 2) repair of a leak in the 900mm valve on the Kanhan Pumping Main at Sakkardara will be taken up.Therefore, there will be no supply of water to Sakkardara, Nandanvan and Tajbagh (Dighori) ESRs on the same evening. Also, areas like Bhande Plot, which is served through interconnections, will also not receive water. \"So, citizens of all the above areas are requested to take note and kindly cooperate with NMC and OCWL,\" said a press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039891", "title": "Power cuts to increase from Jan", "text": "NAGPUR: The new year eve of 2013 will mark the beginning of an increase in power cuts as the generation of 1,130MW Parli power plant of Mahagenco will dip sharply in January due to water shortage. The generation of the plant varies from 600MW to 900MW depending on the number of units that are generating. Water in Khadka barrage, the plant's water source will last only till December end. This fact is being kept under the wraps by the government due to gram panchayat elections in the state.Power woes in high loss areas - the ones having distribution and collection losses (DCL) above 34% - and rural areas will worsen. In summer, MSEDCL may resort to load shedding in C category feeders (those having between 26% and 34% losses) if the deficit caused due to Parli is not abridged, officials say. Unless losses in the city's franchisee area reduce by next summer it too may face power cuts, they added.Parli plant is located in Beed district of Marathwada, which is facing a severe drought this year. The Khadka barrage is supplied water by Jayakwadi and Mazalgaon dams on Godavari river. A Mahagenco official said that the company was trying to find alternative sources to feed Khadka barrage. \"We have also written to the government to give as much water as possible to the plant from the barrage. However, we know that drinking water will get first priority and some water may be supplied to farmers too.\"The official claimed that the plant would not shut down but will work at half load as the plant had a water recycling system. However, chances of meeting this target are negligible as power plant recycling systems are not that efficient.The plant's closure will hit the consumers hardest during summer months, when it will shut down completely and power demand will shoot up on the other hand. The plant won't become functional until rains in 2013 fill up Khadka barrage. The closure of 2,340MW Chandrapur plant in summer of 2010 had caused power cuts to increase sharply.A MSEDCL official told TOI that the demand had reached 15,000MW this summer and was expected to be higher by next year. \"A deficit of 600MW to 800MW will create lot of problem for us. Power rates shoot up during summer months and buying this much power will put heavy burden on consumers. We may be forced not to bridge the Parli deficit entirely and increase load shedding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041987", "title": "Fishermen turn heroes of the day", "text": "Vadivelu , a 28-year-old fisherman from Oorur Kuppam, had never been treated like a hero. On Wednesday , he was received by hundreds with applause.Vadivelu and four other fishermen were the heroes of cyclone Nilam, as they rescued six crew members of Pratibha Cauvery which ran aground off Besant Nagar beach on Wednesday . While onlookers at the beach hailed them, the rescued crew members worshipped them.Even while being patted on the back by his friends and fire service personnel, Vadivelu's eyes kept darting back to the grey, choppy waters, where several more sailors hung on to orange floats and their dear lives. \"We wanted to save them, but it's tough to get all of them to the shore. Now the only way is to bring a helicopter,\" he said.When hundreds of people watched in despair as the lifeboat of oil tanker Pratibha Cauvery capsized, the fishermen decided to launch their own rescue mission. Catamarans fitted with motors sputtered to life and fishermen were competing with each other to go on the mission. Vadivelu and four others, who the community agreed were the best swimmers, were chosen.The men threw over six men who were being tossed around by the waves. They returned to the sea to rescue the others who were clinging on to a collapsed boat, but could not go near the ship because of high waves. \"We told them to swim towards us, but they were scared. They couldn't throw ropes at us either ,\" said a fisherman. Subbu, another fisherman, offered to jump into the water again, but Vadivelu stopped him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041814", "title": "One dead, 5 missing as cyclone grounds oil tanker off Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: At least one sailor drowned and five were missing after an oil tanker beached off Chennai due to gusty winds and choppy waters when Cyclone Nilam slammed into the east coast on Wednesday.The powerful cyclone made landfall between Mamallapuram and Kalpakkam at 4pm, but winds with speeds of up to 60kmph that preceded it churned the sea and created chaos across the city.The captain of oil tanker MT Pratibha Cauvery ordered sailors to abandon ship after it lost anchor and drifted to around 100 metres off the Besant Nagar beach, where it ran aground around 2.30pm and appeared to be in danger of sinking.Met department officials said the cyclone, which started as a trough of low pressure over the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, rapidly dissipated after it crossed the coast and headed northwest towards Andhra Pradesh. The cyclone was stationary through Tuesday night off the northeastern Sri Lankan coast, but intensified early on Wednesday and headed straight for the Tamil Nadu coast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17040305", "title": "Corporation initiates disaster mitigation measures", "text": "COIMBATORE: The district administration has begun the disaster mitigation activities following low depression in the coastal regions, causing moderate to heavy rains in the district, on Wednesday.Due to the low depression in the coastal regions the district received moderate to high rainfall, said V Geethalakshmi, professor, Agro Climate Research Centre, TNAU.She said the district received 1.55 mm of rainfall registered in the morning at 8.30am. However, by late evening the district received 25mm of rainfall, she said. The storm would subside once the cyclone crossed the coast, she added.According to Geethalakshmi, the rain in the district would increase in the coming days. The North East monsoon would be more affective due to El-nino effect, which would result in average to heavy rainfalls in the region. \"We are expecting the district to receive 350mm or more of rainfall this season,\" she added.The district administration is well equipped to handle the heavy rains, said K Karpagam, Coimbatore district Revenue Officer. As a precaution, she said the district collector M Karunagaran has declared schools and college would remain closed on Thursday. No major disaster or problems were reported on Wednesday, she maintained.The disaster management team is in place and has already conducted mock drills to act in any emergency situation. The administration has identified vulnerable areas including Sanganoor pallam, Ammnkulam, Singanallur, Kamala mill Kuttai, Vallamkullam, Sundakamuthur, Kovaipudur, Eachenari, Thondamuthur, Chettipalayam, Arasipalayam. In mettupalayam region Periya pallam near Karamadai, Eramaipallam, Bhavanir river belt Dayanur, Marapettaillam are some of the areas identified.She said public works department has been instructed to clear the bunds and ponds. Highways and local bodies have been instructed to clear the culverts for free flow of water. TNEB officials have been instructed to immediately attend to the fallen electricity line and to resolve any problem immediately,The revenue department has been instructed to keep stock of essential and relief materials. Temporary shelters are in place and staff has been deployed to identify the victims. Compensation of Rs2500 for partially damaged huts and 5000 for fully damaged huts would be given, along with 10kg of rice, one litre of kerosene and free dress material. Higher compensation would be given in the case of destruction of concrete homes and relief fund would be given for fatal cases.A senior corporation official said that pumps sets are in place to clear accumulation of water within city limits. All drainages have already been cleared for free flow of water and staffs have been assigned to attend to any problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17039651", "title": "Samajwadi Party warms up to Gujjars at rally", "text": "NOIDA: The Samajwadi Party pulled out all the stops in trying to warm up to the Gujjar community in Gautam Budh Nagar on Wednesday in order to make a votebank in a constituency that is dominated by their arch-rivals, the BSP. Promising rehabilitation and alternate employment to Gujjars who reportedly lost their livelihood after their land was acquired, UP PWD minister, Shivpal Yadav, was in Noida to address the All-India Gujjar Mahasabha in lieu of his elder brother, SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav .The SP leader promised that the party will continue extending its support to Gujjars in their fight to get a share in the reservation quota pie. \"In the past, Mulayam Singh had supported the Gujjar reservation issue. SP will continue to stand up for this community,\" said Shivpal Yadav.The meeting in Noida, which coincided with the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, was also attended by a Pakistani Gujjar delegation. Bihar governor, Devanand Konwar, and J&K; irrigation minister, Taj Mohiuddin, were also present in the meeting.Upon demands of Gujjar leaders, Shivpal promised to work towards providing better educational facilities for the backward community as Gujjars are low in representation in higher-level government jobs.The tall promises made by the SP leader is, however, being viewed in political circles as an experiment in western UP to try and add the G-factor (Gujjar factor) to its Muslim-Yadav votebank for electoral gains in the General Elections of 2014. The party had lost the Lok Sabha seats of Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad in the UP-NCR in the General Elections of 2009. Also, the party lost all eight seats in these two districts in the assembly elections held earlier this year.Political analysts believe that the SP has a lot of groundwork to do for the Gujjar-Yadav-Muslim experiment to succeed in UP-NCR because issues of development, law and order and good governance have come to assume greater significance in the region.\"Gujjars in western UP are also highly factionalized in their political allegiances,\" said Ramesh Dixit, professor of political science at Lucknow University. \"Mere support of Gujjar leaders will not count for much if promises of rehabilitation and development do not impress those who lost their land,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040745", "title": "Civic panel nod to dog shelter plan", "text": "PUNE: The civic standing committee approved the proposal to build a shelter for over 40,000 stray dogs in the city on Wednesday, notwithstanding the administration's opposition.The proposal to build a dog shelter was tabled by Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporators Kishor Vitkar and Sunil Gogale.The standing committee had asked the civic administration to give feasibility report for the project. The administration rejected the idea saying that each dog would require maintenance worth Rs 18,000- 25,000 every year. Also, special staff will be required for the maintenance. The administration also said that as per the Prevention of Cruelty to Animal Act, 1960, keeping stray dogs together is banned.\"The administration rejected the idea, but corporators insisted that the PMC should go ahead with the dog shelter as the stray dog menace is on the rise in the city and common citizens are suffering. The committee approved the proposal and convinced the civic administration to act on the same,\" standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere told reporters after the committee meeting.Corporators said that the stray dogs menace and dog bites in the city continue unabated. On an average, 1,150 dog-bite cases per month were registered since January 2012. Last year, around 1,000 cases were reported each month.\"The PMC sterilises dogs and releases in the same locality. But this has not helped control dog bites, and hence we supported the idea of a dog shelter\" said Chendere.However, the civic administration has claimed that the sterilisation efforts have reduced rabies over the years from 56 cases in 1997 to seven in 2000, three in 2005 and just one in 2009-2010. No rabies case has been recorded since then.Treatment is available at 14 civic-run hospitals and three out-patient departments of the PMC, which reduced rabies cases in the city.Many people ignore dog bites and seek medical help only when full infection sets in. Experts stress the need for health educational programmes for the medical community and public about the dangers of neglecting dog bites. The importance of proper wound care and post exposure vaccination must be reinforced to prevent total rabies infection, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040553", "title": "Pedder Raod flyover still awaits environment ministry's nod", "text": "MUMBAI: The construction of the Pedder Road flyover may take time to get off the ground as the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) will take the crucial decision on green clearance to the project at a meeting to be held next week.\"The traffic police are in the process of giving us only the no-objection certificate for soil testing on certain stretches of Pedder Road so as to help us prepare design and construction strategy. This NOC is not the permission to appoint the developer and construct the flyover,\" said a senior Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) official.Joint commissioner of police (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar confirmed that the MSRDC had been given the go-ahead for a 'geo-strata technical assessment' on Peddar Road. \"This exercise will help determine the soil's load-bearing capacity beneath the road. Rock testing work will begin mid-November and will continue for at least ten days,\" said a senior officer from the traffic department.An MSRDC official said even after the green clearance comes through, it will take time for the bidding process to get under way. \"The construction will have to be on a par with international standards. Moreover, the traffic diversions during construction will be a daunting task. We will need time to plan it to ensure that there are no complaints from the residents and commuters,\" he added.\"We have suggested that the work be done between afternoon and 10pm. It will be shut during the morning as Peddar Road sees heavy traffic,\" Phansalkar said. Time slots and exact drilling locations will be scheduled by the MSRDC and submitted to the traffic police.At least four machines will work at a time to drill holes. The rock testing carried out by the MSRDC will be useful to finalize the flyover's design, number of pillars and pile locations, sources said.The MSRDC hopes to instal pillars at 100 locations. \"The MSRDC is planning a central pillar system but the civic body may not give it the go-ahead, as there are civic utilities running beneath,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17042451", "title": "Bird flu scare: Chicken prices take a beating", "text": "MYSORE: The bird flu scare has triggered panic among chicken lovers in the city. Though no cases have been reported in the city, the sale of chicken has dipped remarkably, dealing a financial blow to eateries and chicken shops.The spread of bird flu has scared meat lovers in the city and hoteliers have reduced the quantity of meat supply to their eateries. Meat prices have fallen to Rs 20-30 per kg from earlier market rates.\"We used to supply around 50 kg chicken meat to hotels; now they have reduced to 35 kg due to the outbreak of bird flu in Bangalore,\" said Mohammad Saif, Madina chicken shop proprietor. It's a huge financial blow, he adds.Though government officials have confirmed there is no outbreak of avian flu people are scared to buy chicken. But during Bakrid the sale of chicken drops, said Saif.Another chicken meat vendor Raju says that they assure their clients that there is no reason to worry.\"Cook well and enjoy it, there is no bird flu in Mysore is what we tell them,\" he said. \"If a fowl is infected, it can be made out easily. So there is reason for people to get panic,\" he added. Mysore Hotel Owners' Association president M Rajendra said that chicken supplies to hotels in normal, and business is as usual.District health officer SM Malegowda told The Times of India that there have been no cases of bird flu so far.\"It is advisable that poultry items be well-cooked at least for half an hour and consumed hot,\" he advised.Malegowda said the health department is keeping a close watch on poultry farms and it has asked those working on poultry farms to taking precautionary measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17043237", "title": "And a blog that blew the 'purdah'", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Maina Umaiban never imagined that a girl like her, hailing from a sleepy village in Idukki district, would make it to the literary world. There was no library in her area nor was there any good educational institution.Bu tin 1996, a three-day literary workshop held in Kanhangad, while pursuing her B Com degree, gave her the confidence to write. Thus was born a writer who through her blog posts raised issues against practices in the society which she found disturbing.For newspaper readers, she is a writer standing for environmental issues. But her posts on her blog www. sarpagandhi.blogspot.in, which began in 2007, address a host of topics such as the 'purdah' code for women to child marriages in the Muslim community. After marrying to Sunil K Faizal, the 34-year-old published three books Visha Chikilthsya (2008), Chandanagramam (novel, 2008) and Athmadamsanam (2012).\"I have received threatening calls and emails and abusive comments for the post on purdah,\" said Maina. \"Some people discouraged me because I am a female and treated me as an enemy. The issue was in the limelight at after the controversy on purdah erupted when a Muslim girl from Kasaragod expressed reluctance to wear the dress. What pained me most was that though I never mentioned the community while writing, they still identified me as an enemy of Islam,\" said Maina. \"I am not against religion. I write about things that touch me,\" said Maina.When asked about why she chose to write in a simple style, Maina said, \"I had difficulty in understanding some books I read. The purpose of a writer is to convey his feelings to readers. So I chose to write it in a simple manner that everyone could understand.\" Maina also treats snakebites using Ayurveda medicines, a talent she inherited from her grandfather Kani Rawther. Maina, who works at Calicut Cooperative Urban Bank, believes that it was her husband's support that gave her strength to face the toughest moments in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17042052", "title": "Micro level initiatives help check salinity ingress", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Micro-level initiatives implemented with the help of local villagers have helped check salinity ingress to a large extent in Gujarat. Besides, these interventions have resulted in a large amount of fallow land becoming cultivable in Kharif season with an improvement in soil productivity and fertility. An additional area of 8,580 hectares has come under cultivation in Rabi season and drinking water facilities have been created.This is one of the four success stories from Gujarat that have figured in a recent document \"Incentivising Agriculture - RKVY Initiatives\" brought out by Union agricultural ministry.The document highlights a three-pronged strategy worth Rs 135.43 crore over the last five years. Fourteen districts in Gujarat face the menace of salinity ingress which has had a detrimental impact on agricultural productivity. The problem is predominant in Saurashtra and south Gujarat with the latter being worst affected.The first initiative implemented under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY) includes erection of reclamation bund along arable land to prevent entry of saline seawater. The second is promotion of recharging of ground water through measures like loose boulder structures, farm ponds, plugging of nullahs.The last initiative is adoption of soil conservation measures such as field bunding with drainage, land levelling, soil texture amendments, and over seeding of grass etc.In each affected district, micro plans were prepared and implemented with the help of village sarpanchs and panchayats. The action plan had been prepared by scientists of various state run universities, Central Soil Salinity Research Institute in consultation with the people.\"Cropping intensity has increased by approximately 1.5 times. In Gujarat, 69,771 hectares of land has been reclaimed making it cultivable through the project till November 2011. Total number of farmers who have benefited from this intervention is 20,479,\" the document says.It further states, \"Before implementation of the project in the salt-affected areas, crop cultivation was either not possible or else it was limited to the Kharif season only. Project implementation made it possible to take crops both in Kharif and Rabi. Cropping patters have also changed thereby lifting the economic status of the farming community and preventing migration in search of greener pastures.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17040953", "title": "Military truck mows down ex-army man", "text": "NASHIK: An ex-serviceman, Vasant Kashinath Pawar (42), residing at Shigve Bahula, was crushed under a military truck as he came under its rear wheel on Wednesday morning.Pawar was killed in the road accident around 7am on Wednesday, when the ammunition truck happened to take a turn near Shigve Bahula on the road towards Barnes high school.Senior police inspector A T Powar said the deceased was on his way to Lehvit on his bike where he owns a stable. Since firing practice is underway at that time by officials of the school of artillery, the ammunition truck was also on the same road. The wheels of the truck were so huge that its driver Shivkumar Sharma, apparently did not see Pawar as the truck made its turn.Deolali Camp police said that Pawar was a former amrmy man and currently working with a private security agency. The truck driver, Shivkumar Sharma, has been arrested under IPC section 304(A) for causing death by negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17042202", "title": "Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University exam schedule decided", "text": "KANPUR: Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University authorities have fixed the examination schedule for regular students enrolled with the varsity under the academic year 2012-13.The exams for the regular students will commence on March 9, 2013 and will continue till April 20. After the culmination of the examinations for regular students, the exams for private students would be held and the schedule for the same is awaited. These decisions were taken in an important meeting of authorities of Chatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University held on Tuesday.Over 7.5 lakh students are set to appear for the exam and students of graduation and post-graduation courses like BA, BSc, BCoM, MA, MSc have been asked to fill the online examination form.Details of the examination schedule would be made available on www.kanpuruniversity.org soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041212", "title": "National Eligibility cum Entrance Test: Medical students forced to leave Bengal for test", "text": "KOLKATA: Confusion over availability of seats has forced many medical students to opt for examination centres outside the state for the forthcoming National Eligibility cum Entrance Test - Post Graduate (NEET-PG), for admission to postgraduate courses for the 2013 session. The examination is scheduled to take place between October 23 and December 6 throughout the country. The National Board of Examination (NBE), which is conducting the common entrance test, has allotted two examination centres for West Bengal.This is the first time aspiring postgraduate medical students in the country have to sit for a common admission test (CAT). The computer-based test will be conducted simultaneously across 33 centres. According to the Medical Council of India (MCI) regulations, it is mandatory for a medical student to clear this test in order to gain entry to postgraduate degree and diploma courses in all medical colleges.\"I put in an online application on October 5. When I found no vacant seat in the two centres in the state, I was left with no option but to hunt for a centre in the neighbouring state. I finally applied for the Jamshedpur centre. Things would have been much easier if I could sit for the test in Kolkata itself,\" said Dr Anirban Bijali.Online applications opened on October 4. By the next day, applicants found all seats in the two centres allotted for the state filled up. This confusion led many to opt for seats in neighbouring states. A few who took the risk of waiting for the next few days got lucky when the NBE increased the number of seats.\"There was utter confusion when I found no vacant seat in the two centres. I had already got the demand draft for the fee. I then sent an email to the concerned department in NBE about the chaos. It took them 10 days to revert back, stating that the number of seats had been increased for Kolkata and I could opt for the home centre,\" said Dr Manisha Roy.But many of Roy's friends and colleagues who did not want to take the risk of waiting had then already opted for centres in adjoining states like Jamshedpur, Ranchi, Varanasi and Patna . The last date for application was October 20.\"All seats in the two centres were filled up within three days. Whenever I tried applying online I found no vacant seat and hence finally gave up. Many of my friends too will not be sitting for the test this year due to this chaos and confusion. How could they plan for this test without doing the groundwork and ensuring the infrastructure?\" said Dr Gouranga Pramanik.The two centres in the state too are away from the city. One is at the Swami Vivekananda Institute Of Management and Computer Science, Narendrapur and another at the Future Institute of Engineering and Management, Sonarpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041907", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCaptain told us to abandon ship\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "The crew of the Pratibha Cauvery were a worried lot as cyclone Nilam approached the city on Wednesday. Around 9am, as heavy gusts buffeted the oil tanker off the Chennai port and they began to feel vibrations from underneath, the crew panicked, said S K L Reddy, one of those rescued. They immediately started signalling for help. \"At 10am, when we felt the vessel move we called the ship owner, port officials, DG Shipping and even police,\" said S P I Swaroop, another of those rescued.The winds got heavier, and after floating towards Pattinapakkam and Srinivasapuram, the ship was blown further south and ran aground off Elliot's Beach around 2.30pm. The crew again radioed the port for help. When there was no response, the captain advised \"us to abandon the ship. He said it was time we helped ourselves and we should get off the ship before it sank or was dragged elsewhere,\" said Sharath, another crew member.Several men lowered themselves into the life boat. Then, after realizing that the boat was not moving, they decided to reduce its weight and sent four men back to the ship through the ladder. However, it still did not help things on board the lifeboat.\"We could not control it with the plastic oars we had. It just moved with the wind and waves. Soon the boat was filled with water and capsized,\" said Sharath. The men, wearing lifejackets, managed to stay afloat for nearly an hour holding on to the overturned boat, small pieces of wood and each other.Those on the ship began sending out distress signals in the form of seven red sparks, seeking help from other ships and the coastguard. However, the only people who managed to see the signals were the hundreds of people who had lined up the beach and were praying for the sailors' safety. Fisherman managed to pull the men floating in the water into their catamaran, but could not go to the place where eight men were holding on to the boat.Of the rescued, Sharath, Binay Kumar Chauhan, Reddy and Swaroop escaped unhurt, while chief engineer Jeevan Prakash and Rahul Pawar were admitted to the ICU of a private hospital in Adyar. Late in the evening, their condition was said to be stabile. \"A lot of water seems to have entered their lungs. So breathing difficulties continue, they are also prone to infections and complications like pneumonia ,\" said a doctor at the hospital. The oil tanker had arrived at Chennai port from Haldia in West Bengal a month ago and the crew had been without water, electricity or fuel since then, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "there's a video floating around that first made its way on that information platform we love and hate", "code": "17040930", "title": "Bonded labour &amp; feudalism in us", "text": "There's a video floating around that first made its way on that information platform we love and hate: the internet.In it, a landed woman - one in ownership of many an acreage - is spitting venomous insults at two of her employees (bonded labour is a better term).Using all the abuses she can hurl, she adds insult to injury by plastering the hapless offenders with black paint, marking them with the shame of having dared to anger their mistress.The incident is something out of the unequal world of a Dickensian novel but this is 2012, and the lady will walk away without an injured conscience, only to repeat it when her boys misbehave again.The conversation and commentary that followed the footage focused on either abusing or defending the institution of feudalism. Some tried to interpret the conversation, which is in some harsh unlikeable usage of the Sindhi tongue.Also, there was confusion about the identity of the landed queen though the location was confirmed as interior Sindh.Though my blood boiled as I watched this uploaded video, I quickly realized that the discussants on the post were all descendant recipients of feudal culture, either born in it or observing it from the outside. The online discussion, hence, was zero-sum.However, there is much to debate on the issue of how labour is treated in the subcontinent at large, and while feudal women, and no doubt, their male counterparts, may excel in enacting pure villainy in their carriage of justice, the reality of mistreatment is much closer to everyone's home, if not inside it.The International Labour Organization (ILO) documents Pakistan's labour force to be the ninth largest in the world at 55 million people. These days the ILO is working to urge governments to promote 'decent' work. Obviously this involves cutting out bonded and child labour in addition to working towards a fairer system. Indeed the government has policies in place to combat these ills; what's lacking is their implementation. Leaving aside bonded labour, we all know what happened in the factory fire not so long ago. Employers Associations claim to be working to create decent workplaces decent workplaces are not easy to find.This is one area where folks on this side of the border can feel assured that this is not a Pakistani problem. India has ratified four out of eight fundamental ILO conventions, the latest one in 2000 on the Abolition of Forced Labour. Pakistan has ratified all the eight conventions including the Minimum Age Convention and the Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention but, as in the outset of this piece we can see that actions speak louder than words.However, I strongly feel that this is more a battle of mentality than anything else. We can pride ourselves in South Asia for being especially bigoted and locked in hierarchies that can be attributed to various things - caste, class, history, bias.How many conversations have you overhead where people refer to their domestic staff as the 'other', describing their behaviour, practices, culture as unlikeable or worse, despicable. How many people struggle to give their workers even one day off in the week.Fundamentally, all of society would have to accept that domestic labour - as other labour - deserve some fundamental rights with regard to pay, work timings, rest and their basic motivational needs. As employers in the smallest of spaces, we are - a great majority of us - feudal in mindset, even though seeing the woman in the video irks us at our core.The author is a Delhi-based Pakistani journalist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17042472", "title": "'Banana in, potato out as staple food'", "text": "LONDON: Bananas could soon become a critical food source for millions of people and replace potatoes as the staple diet due to climate change, a new study has claimed.Researchers from the the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR) partnership said that while bananas may replace potatoes in some developing countries, cassava and other little known cowpea plant could play increasingly important roles as temperatures rise.People will have to adapt to new and varied menus as traditional crops struggle say the authors, the BBC reported. A group of experts in the field, responding to a request from the United Nations' committee on world food security, looked at the projected effects of climate change on 22 of the world's most important agricultural commodities.They predict that the world's three biggest crops in terms of calories provided - maize, rice and wheat - will decrease in many developing countries. They suggest that the potato, which grows in abundance in cooler climates, could also suffer as temperatures increase and weather becomes more volatile.Researchers argue that these changes \"could provide an opening for cultivating certain varieties of bananas\" at higher altitudes, even in those places that currently grow potatoes. Researcher Dr Philip Thornton said that while bananas also have limiting factors, they may be a good substitute for potatoes in certain locations. \"It's not necessarily a silver bullet but there may be places where as temperatures increase, bananas might be one option that small holders could start to look at,\" he said.The report describes wheat as the world's most important plant derived protein and calories source. However, researchers said wheat will face a difficult future in the developing world where higher prices for cotton, maize and soybeans have pushed wheat to marginal land, making it more vulnerable to stresses induced by climate change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17042074", "title": "Malayalam University to be inaugurated on November 1", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Malayalam University will be formally launched by chief minister Oommen Chandy on November 1 at Thiroor, the birth place of Thunjathu Ramanujan Ezuthachan.\"The aim is not just to provide conventional Malayalam courses, but to go deeper into the language and culture of our state. The university will have nine schools and offer 12 courses,\" K Jayakaumar, vice-chancellor of the proposed university, said here on Tuesday.The inaugural function would be attended by Union minister of state for external affairs E Ahmed, state ministers P K Kunhalikutty, K M Mani, Aryadan Muhammed, K C Joseph, A P Anil Kumar , Manjalamkuzhi Ali, MPs E T Muhammed Basheer and M I Shanavas, deputy leader of opposition Kodiyeri Balakriashnan and other MLAs.Presently the university will function from a temporary building from the Thunjan Memorial College campus. \"Another 100 acres will soon be acquired where the permanent headquarters for the building will be set up,\" Jayakumar said.The university will also have five chairs in the name of Raja Ravi Varma, Swathi Thirunnal, C V Raman Pillai, Kumaranasan and Herman Gundert. The nine schools would focus on language studies, literature, comparative literature, translation, performing arts, visual arts and architecture, cultural studies, media studies and traditional knowledge systems.The government had appointed K Jayakumar as the first vice-chancellor of the university who would be guided by a 24-member advisory committee consisting of Malayalam experts and scholars.As part of the inaugural ceremony, writers and poets like M T Vasudevan Nair, ONV Kurup, T Padmanabhan, Sugatha Kumari, Akkitham Achuthan Namboothiri and M Leelavathi will be felicitated.The Malayalam University will be formally launched by Chief Minister Oommen Chandy on November 01 at Thiroor, the birth place of Thunjathu Ramanujan Ezuthachan.\"The aim of the university is not to provide conventional Malayalam courses, but to go deeper into the language and culture of our state. The university will have nine schools and 12 courses under it,\" K Jayakaumar, the vice-chancellor of the proposed university said here on Tuesday.The inaugural function would be attended by union minister of state for external affairs E Ahmed, state ministers P K Kunhalikutty, K M Mani, Aryadan Muhammed, K C Joseph, A P Anil Kumar, Manjalamkuzhi Ali, MPs E T Muhammed Basheer and M I Shanavas, deputy leader of opposition Kodiyeri Balakriashnan and other MLAs.Presently the university will function from a temporary building from the Thunjan Memorial College campus. \"Another 100 acres will soon be acquired where the permanent headquarters for the building will be set up,\" Jayakumar said.The university will also have five chairs in the name of Raja Ravi Varma, Swathi Thirunnal, C V Raman Pillai, Kumaranasan and Herman Gundert. The nine schools would focus on language studies, literature, comparative literature, translation, performing arts, visual arts and architecture, cultural studies, media studies and traditional knowledge systems.The government had appointed K Jayakumar as the first vice-chancellor of the university who would be guided by a 24-member advisory committee consisting of Malayalam experts and scholars.As part of the inaugural ceremony, writers and poets like M T Vasudevan Nair, ONV Kurup, T Padmanabhan, Sugatha Kumari, Akkitham Achuthan Namboothiri and M Leelavathi will be felicitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041841", "title": "Storm blows away power", "text": "Many parts of Chennai city plunged into darkness on Wednesday as several power feeders, including the grid connectivity between Sriperumbudur and Taramani, tripped in the heavy winds caused by Cyclone Nilam. As high tension power lines swung and touched in the strong winds that touched 60kmph in Chennai, sub-stations tripped.Power supply resumed in Choolaimedu, Kodambakkam , Chetpet and KK Nagar early in the evening. In other places, supply is likely to resume by morning if lines have not snapped. The feeders would be charged only after field officials confirm that the lines have not snapped and that there are no short circuits, said a Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) official.As a caution, TNEB switched off supply to some neighbourhoods to avoid accidents such as people stepping on snapped live wires. In most parts of the suburbs, power is still supplied by overhead cables. Instances of electrocution are rare in the city centre where cables are underground.TNEB sources said field officials including area engineers in the city and suburbs were instructed to make the decisions regarding switching off power and resuming supply , based on the weather conditions in the respective sub-station limits.In many areas including Vadapalani, Kodambakkam , KK Nagar, Velachery, Alandur, Kilpauk , Avadi, Poonamallee, Sholinganallur and Tambaram, supply was disconnected nearly an hour before the daily scheduled two-hour power cut. For the past week, TNEB employees have been pruning trees near power lines and electrical poles to prevent short circuits and disruption of supply. Area engineers, along with line men and helpers, had been inspecting unsafe power lines for the past week. They had replaced 460 weak electric poles and transformers in the city and outskirts as part of the monsoon preparedness in the past month, officials said.Meanwhile, Madras Atomic Power Station (MAPS) at Kalpakkam was put on high alert on Wednesday as the storm got closer to the TN coast. MAPS director Ramamurthy, in a statement, allayed fears of possible damage to the plant. Ramamurthy, who retired on Wednesday, said the reactors were designed to withstand a wind velocity of 160kmph and hence Cyclone Nilam would not cause any damage. Both reactors at Kalpakkam continued generation as usual, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040431", "title": "HC seeks Centre\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s report on dengue plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has asked the Centre to furnish a report on implementation of the government's long-term action plan to control the outbreak of dangerous diseases like dengue in the city.A division bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw sought the report within three weeks from the Union ministry of health and posted the matter for December 12.HC's poser came while hearing a petition by advocate Gaurav Kumar Bansal seeking formation of an independent committee to monitor implementation of a long-term action plan, formulated by the Centre earlier, to combat the mosquito menace in the city.In his plea, Bansal sought a direction to authorities to constitute an independent committee to effectively monitor the implementation of the long-term action plan issued by the Directorate of National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme, the ministry of health and family welfare, the government of India.\"It is the duty of the respondents to effectively and properly implement the long-term action plan issued by the central government in a time bound manner so that the menace can come to an end,\" the plea added.Citing data of dengue cases in the capital for the period 2007-2012, the petitioner said the number of cases have gone up drastically this year. The petition also mentioned the widespread media reports on the increasing number of dengue cases and accusing the authorities, including those of the Union health ministry, of failing to act in time. The PIL wants the court to examine the steps taken till now by the Delhi government, the municipal corporations, NDMC and the health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039883", "title": "Government proposes extra 1.5 floor space index for private hospitals", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra government has proposed a 150% rise in floor space index (FSI) for private hospitals in non-congested areas of the city. It has called for suggestions and modifications within 30 days from the general public regarding this scheme and the rules proposed under it.The Maharashtra government's urban development department (UDD) issued a notification to this effect on October 29. Sources in NMC town planning department pointed out there are no provisions regarding granting of additional FSI to private hospitals in non-congested areas in the existing development control regulations. The UDD has incorporated a new rule to do this and help improve health services in the city.A private hospital in the city can now use FSI of 2.5, up from the existing 1. The UDD has, however, put some riders.First, private hospitals will have to pay 30% of the land price as per the ready reckoner to purchase additional FSI. Second, a private hospital which avails of a higher FSI must keep 20% of its total beds reserved for people belonging to the economically weaker section and people below poverty line. In addition, 10% of the total number of patients in OPD should also be provided treatment at concessional rates.Maharashtra director of health services has been appointed as competent authority to monitor whether the medical institutions are adhering to the terms and conditions, failing which the violators can be penalized.According to the notification, out of the total additional FSI, 50% may be availed by utilizing Transferable Development Rights (without paying premium) provided that the utilization of such TDR is allowed after availing additional FSI. \"However, use of TDR will be optional and not binding,\" said the notification, adding that such additional FSI (except the TDR component) will be permissible subject to the payment of premium to the government at the rate of 30% of the market value (i.e. annual statement of rates), out of which 50% will be payable to NMC.However, the UDD has clarified that the rule will be applicable only to plots fronting on roads with minimum width of 18.30 meter and having plot area of minimum 4,000 sq meter. Besides, a building for a medical institution containing mixed users can also avail the scheme subject to some conditions.Welcoming the notification, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare said the move will also increase NMC revenue.Earlier, the UDD had directed NMC to publish a notice about modifications in the official gazette within 90 days from the date of the directive of January 3, 2012. After NMC failed to publish the notice, UDD exercised the powers vested in it and published the notice on October 29, inviting suggestions and objections from the general public in respect of the modifications within a month.The government has also appointed deputy director of town planning to hear suggestions or objections and submit his report to the government within 30 days after expiry of the given period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040375", "title": "Aircraft breaches separation limit, triggers alert at Mumbai airport", "text": "MUMBAI: A breach of separation limit, reported between two aircraft flying in Mumbai airspace, created a brief moment of panic on Wednesday morning. However, the situation was immediately brought under control without any risk or danger.The incident occurred around 10am when an Indigo flight and a SpiceJet aircraft were approaching Mumbai airport for landing. The Indigo flight 6E-482 from Bengaluru was flying at a level of 38,000 ft. The SpiceJet flight from Chennai was cruising at 36,000 ft. The air traffic control (ATC) directed the Indigo flight to descend to 35,000 ft. However, according to airport officials, the flight started descending at a higher speed than prescribed. \"The rate of descend of the Indigo flight was much more than the prescribed speed.On an average, an aircraft should descend at around 1,500 ft per minute. However, the flight was descending at a higher speed,\" said an airport source.Because of this, the traffic collision avoidance system (TCAS) triggered a resolution advisory in the Indigo aircraft. \"This means that the aircraft alerted the pilot that another aircraft was nearby and further descend could lead to coming close to it or even collision,\" said a Mumbai airport source.The Indigo pilot immediately realized this and brought the descend rate to the required minimum. The matter has been referred to the directorate general of civil aviation ( DGCA) and an enquiry will be conducted. ATC general manager Jayant Das Gupta said, \"There was no near-miss as the aircraft were sufficiently away from each other in terms of vertical and lateral separation. The matter is under investigation.\"Airport officials said TCAS is fitted inside an aircraft and helps in alerting the pilot in case of even a small breach of separation. This helps the pilot to restore the gap between two aircraft. An Indigo spokesperson confirmed that its aircraft received a resolution advisory. \"It was triggered while descending at Mumbai,\" said the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17042009", "title": "8 killed in road mishaps", "text": "HUBLI: Eight persons were killed and 25 others injured in Shiggaon taluk of Haveri district on Wednesday.Six persons including two women were killed when their bus rammed into a stationary truck near Bankapur of Shiggaon taluk in Haveri district in the wee hours of Wednesday.While Karigowda, 60, of R T Nagar in Bangalore, Shrinivas, 65, of Tumkur and Sarojamma, 55, of Heggeri were killed on the spot, Narasimhappa, 50, Nagaratna, 45, and Sanjeevappa, 60, died on their way to the hospital. Around 25 persons sustained injuries and were admitted to hospitals in Davanagere, Haveri, Shiggaon and Hubli KIMS hospital. The passengers on the bus were on their way to Tumkur after visiting Maharashtra and historic places in North-Karnataka, said PSI R Y Bajammanavar, Banakapur.A case has been registered with Bankapur police station.In another accident, two people were killed on the spot when their bike collided head on with a bus near Tadas of Shiggaon taluk of Haveri district on Wednesday.The deceased are S N Bhat, 58, and Narasimha Hegde, 55, of Banavasi. They were going to Dharwad on their bike to distribute wedding invitations. A case has been registered at Tadas police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17040382", "title": "Snakes infested Coimbatore, leading to a rise in the number of attacks and deaths", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was only during April this year, Coimbatore's renowned snake charmer 'Pambu' Murugan was bitten by a cobra, rendering him unable to continue in his profession. Murugan, who hailed from a poor family in Karuppu Gounder Street, was well-known in the city, especially for his bravery in capturing even the most venomous snakes. Murugan started interacting with snakes at the tender age of eight. Since then, he has felt a deep affection for these reptiles. But after three decades in the profession, he was bitten by a cobra during a late night operation at a residence in Kamaraj Nagar.The growing incidents of snake bites leading to either death or severe health complications in the city has once again come under public focus on Monday when young snake rescuer B Nirmal breathed his last at a city hospital four days after he was bitten by a Russell's viper. One of the most venomous snakes in Asia, the Russell's viper had bitten Nirmal when he attempted to rescue it from a house near Sulur. A software engineer by profession, Nirmal started rescuing snakes only out of curiosity and adventure.As Coimbatore city is surrounded by forests, the city is sees plenty of snakes. It was only recently a 20 feet long Cobra spread its hood in one of the under passages of Avinashi Road flyover, creating both panic and curiosity. Traffic was disrupted for about one hour at the over bridge and underpasses as passersby stopped to take a look. Eventually, a snake charmer was called for and he rescued the snake, releasing it in the Siruvani forests.With snakes increasingly moving into city areas, at least 100 cases of snake bite are reported every month at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH), say doctors. Most often, snake bites occur during the rainy season. While 4 percent of the cases are fatal, 10 percent suffer serious health complications. CMCH alone handled an alarming 202 cases of snake bites during August and September this year. Among them, seven succumbed to their injuries. During summer and winter, the number of snake bite cases reduce by one third when compared to the rainy season.According to Dr P Sivaprakasam, Resident Medical Officer (RMO) of CMCH, earlier, most snake bite cases were reported from rural areas but the trend is now changing. Most causalities happen when the snake is a Russell's Viper, Common Krait or Cobra. \"There are two types of venoms. While Hemotoxins directly affect the blood (Russell's Viper), Neurotoxins affect the nervous system. (Cobra and Kraits). Most often, the culprit is a viper. M Satish, a regular snake catcher in the city, says that vipers multiply faster than the usual snake varieties and are more common even in city areas.If the bite victim failed to identify the type of snake that he was bitten by, the medical expert can identify type by observing the wound and symptoms. For instance, a viper victim may suffer from bleeding or swelling. Victims of cobra or krait bites may suffer from respiratory problems or weakness in the nerves. The treatment differs depending on the type of venom inside the body. Both types of patients are administered anti-venom serums. Hemotoxin victims may need blood transfusion or even dialysis while neurotoxin victims may require respiratory support.Most leading government hospitals have anti-venom serums including CMCH and government hospitals at Erode, Mettupalayam and Tirupur. A few of the private hospitals in Coimbatore too keep stock of anti-venon serums. \"Recovery is better if patients are bought immediately to the hospital. If unable to do so, the wound should be cleaned with soap and water and a knot should be tied above the wound with medium force,\" says Dr Sivaprakasam. The victim should remain seated as movement will increase blood circulation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040282", "title": "Sagar police too seek action against telcos", "text": "BHOPAL: After state's anti-terrorist squad (ATS) and counter intelligence (CI) cell recommended to the telecom regulatory body, seeking action against telecom companies for allotting numbers without proper verification, another such complaint has been made by Sagar police in this regard.This time, the SIM card acquired on bogus documents was allegedly used to send unsolicited SMS to at least 10 top ranking police officers at the state police headquarters (PHQ) including the director general of police (DGP) Nandan Dubey.While investigators refused to divulge the contents of the short messages, sources claimed that these were against a commandant. Given the fact that, police chief was one of the 'victims', it took a very short time for the intelligence to track the subscriber's origin. But to no avail. The DGP received an SMS from the same number on Wednesday also.The ownership of SIM card was traced to a 60-year-old farmer in Sagar's Khurai village, who never possessed a mobile phone, said sources. His name and identity was used fraudulently to obtain the number, police said.Police claim, it was a Vodafone's pre-paid SIM card, activated on October 11, 2011, to Hari Shankar Shrivastava (60), resident of Shastri Marg, Khurai (Sagar).Shrivastava, however, pleaded ignorance when team of Khurai police station reached his resident for investigations.After interrogation, police concluded that the number in question was allotted on the basis of fake documents enclosed with a morphed copy of Shrivastava's voter ID.While the person who was sending the SMSs remains at large, the SIM card distributor -- Om Traders, Khurai - was booked under various sections of Indian Penal Code (IPC).\"Distributor has been booked for forgery and negligence\" U K Chouksey, station house officer (SHO) of Khurai police station told TOI on phone. The SIM was allotted on copy of Shrivastava's voter ID, but his photo was replaced, he said adding that the distributor should have verified the identity of subscriber.Even Shrivastava was surprised. \"I never used a cell phone... don't know how my voter ID got into their hand,\" he said.The police are now analysing call details record (CDR) of the SIM to locate the accused. \"He has switched off his phone, last locations were in Bhopal and Hosangabad,\" said a police officer.Allegedly, the accused is a suspended sub-inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039846", "title": "Cantonment water woes set to end", "text": "HYDERABAD: The water woes of the residents of over 120 colonies in the Secunderabad Cantonment area may soon end as the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has agreed to supply Krishna water to them from the Mahendra Hills master balancing reservoir (MBR).The Water Board had in 2007 constructed a 25 million gallon-capacity master balancing reservoir in Mahendra Hills to supply water from Krishna drinking water supply project phase-II but did not supply water to the Cantonment areas due to non-payment of Rs 9 crore in connection charges.The issue figured at a recent meeting of officials from the Water Board and the Cantonment Board. Several issues like connection charges, release of Krishna water to Cantonment area through Mahendra Hills MBR and hiring of HMWS&SB; tankers to supply water in the Cantonment area came up during the meeting.According to Water Board officials, SCB has to pay Rs 9 crore connection charges which are pending for the past three years. \"We have convinced Water Board managing director (J Syamala Rao) to accept part payment. The SCB will shortly pay Rs 3.50 crore towards connection charges,\" SCB water wing superintendent M Raj Kumar told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040247", "title": "Congress preparing for November 4 New Delhi rally", "text": "BHOPAL: While the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh is busy with the state foundation day celebrations, the opposition Congress is preparing for a programme no less significant. The Congress is preparing its workers for the November 4 massive party rally in New Delhi to support the UPA-Centre on the FDI in retail issue.The state Congress office said that the AICC gave them a target of getting a 50,000-strong crowd to join the rally from Madhya Pradesh. \"Our contribution will be much more,'' PCC media in charge Manak Agarwal said.According to the state Congress, the national leaders will also highlight corruption in the BJP with focus on the alleged business links of the rival political party president Nitin Gadkari . The Congress rally will also feature attacks on BJP state government who allegedly are changing the names of the Centre's welfare schemes and passing them off as their own. State PCC said that the Congress rally, party leaders will speak on the dual policy'' of the BJP on FDI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17041073", "title": "NGO begins sterilizing stray dogs in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: A city-based animal welfare organisation, Sharan, has taken on the responsibility of sterilizing and vaccinating stray dogs following the attack by a rabid dog on children in Satpur on Tuesday morning.The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) health department transported 16 dogs from Satpur in its van on Wednesday to the NGO's shelter. \"Since the incident in Satpur, we are carrying out sterilization procedures on these dogs,\" said Sharanya Shetty, of the animal shelter.\"We will get them sterilized, vaccinated and will try to get them adopted. We are also thinking of asking the NMC to provide a place for such dogs, like it has for stray cattle,\" Shetty said. She added that anti-rabies vaccinations were given for free at all government hospitals and people should avail of the facility. Health officer Dr S G Hiray while confirming this said people were unaware of the service and added that it was the medical officer's duty to check if sufficient vaccines were available at the hospitals and create awareness about it. Mayor Yatin Wagh said if necessary he would provide financial assistance to patients attacked in the Satpur incident \"I visited the patients again. The condition of the two-year-old boy is critical since he has been bitten badly on the cheek. His left eye is also badly injured,\" Wagh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17040254", "title": "Pastors seek to squeeze Good Friday in gazetted holiday list", "text": "SHIMLA: Christian community, which takes credit for making Shimla a renowned town and setting up convent schools in the township, is looking for some space in the state official gazette. It wants Good Friday holiday.The Forum of Christian Pastors in Shimla has raised a demand for declaring Good Friday as gazetted holiday from the candidates in fray for the upcoming polls. Forum president Francis K Rana said, \"Good Friday, which is a Central government holiday, has been converted into restricted holiday by the state government.\"A meeting was held two days ago where the pastors felt that the Christian minority has a significant legacy in town but is not being considered a part of the mainstream, Rana said.Corroborating Rana, Rev Mushtaq A Malk, presbyter in charge of the traditional Christ Church , which has been a landmark on the historic Ridge said, \"Good Friday holds significance for our community as it marks the time of death of Jesus Christ and his resurrection, which is the foundation of Christianity. We are raising this issue ahead of the assembly elections so that it is declared gazetted holiday by any party that forms the government.\"He said, \"Around 4,000 people of the community are residing in Shimla. Amongst these nearly 200 families are aligned to the major five churches.\"According to Church historians apart from founding main line churches, a host of independent churches have sprung up over the years in Shimla. The main churches have second and third generation of Christians from Kotgarh in Shimla and Kangra district as members, besides Punjabi Christians. Some South Indian members who have been in working in the hills are also members of the Catholic Church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040381", "title": "SP College officials, staff booked for irregularities", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrambaug police have booked some officials and staff of the S P College on charges of alleged financial misappropriation and irregularities in collecting Rs 29.11 lakh fees from 163 scheduled caste (SC) students, since academic year 2006-07, in violation of an order from the state department of social justice.Social welfare inspector Subhash Salunke, attached to the office of the assistant commissioner for social justice here, has lodged a complaint in this connection following an audit of the S P college by the social justice authorities for the period between 2006-07 and 2010-11.Principal of S P College D N Sheth has denied any misappropriation or irregularity on the part of the college authorities. \"We have nothing to hide and have not done anything wrong,\" he told TOI on Wednesday. \"The college has issued receipts against the fees collected from students while whatever proportion of reimbursement of fees was received from the social justice department has been deposited to the bank accounts of the students concerned,\" he said.Vishrambaug police inspector Rajendra Sawant said that as per the government resolution the colleges are not allowed to collect fees from SC students as the social justice department gives the grant to the colleges against the fees of these students. \"There is also a provision of registering criminal offence against the colleges, which are found collecting fees from SC students,\" Sawant said.Inordinate delays on the part of the state government in releasing the grants to the colleges compel the latter to collect fees from the student and the same is returned to the student on the receipt of grant by the college.The social welfare department had received a complaint from a political party that the SP College authorities have been collecting fees from SC students. Following this, Salunke and his team had conducted an audit inspection at the SP college in August. \"The department had checked all the applications of the students sent to the social welfare department through the college,\" Sawant said.He said, \"The complainant found that the S P College authorities have collected fees worth Rs 29.11 lakh from 163 SC students between the year 2006 and 2009 and in 2010-11 despite the fact that the social justice department had given a grant of Rs 2.61 lakh to the college for the period between 2006 and 2009. We are investigating the matter based on the social justice department's report.\"Meanwhile, Sheth said that fees referred to in the complaint are mostly related to admissions effect to no-grant basis courses like BCS, MSc (mathematics) and MSc (computer science), among others. \"These are the courses for which the government does not give us 100% grant but only a specific proportion of grant is released. We have deposited the proportionate amount of grant received from the state to the students' accounts.\"Sheth said, \"The social justice authorities ought to have given a copy of their audit report with the shortcomings, if any, to the college before initiating the police complaint. Why did they act now if they feel the irregularity was happening from as long back as 2006-07? We will place our side before the police and take all the necessary legal recourse to deal with this issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040810", "title": "Secularism is part of our ethos: Gulzar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noted lyricist Gulzar said he inherited secular values from his father who lived the devastation of partition but stayed true to humanist values.He received the Indira Gandhi Award for National Integration from Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at a function on the former PM's death anniversary on Wednesday.\"We don't have to learn to be secular. It is part of our ethos. We fear the forces that may break our secular mindset,\" Gulzar said.The celebrated film director-poet received rousing applause when he received the award and addressed a packed gathering in his trademark baritone, explaining how he stayed true to secular ideas after witnessing the worst tragedy in Indian history. \"I have seen a partition. I don't want to see a crack on national unity again,\" he said.There was laughter all around when Gulzar, praising Indira Gandhi as a dynamic personality, said even men are taught to be strong like her.Sonia called him a progressive mind. PM Singh lauded Gulzar for his sensitive portrayal of human characters and subjects while underlining that he had taken Mirza Ghalib, Munshi Premchand and secular thought to every household by making TV bio-pics on them. He referred to the recent violence in the northeast to caution that divisive forces were still active.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17047078", "title": "Emraan Hashmi headed to Hollywood", "text": "Emraan Hashmi has certainly come a long way. From a time when the tag of 'serial kisser' refused to leave him and his name was associated solely with a certain kind of cinema, the actor is now counted among the film industry's A-listers.If rumours are to be believed, he has been approached for a significant role in an upcoming Hollywood film by Academy Award winning director Danis Tanovic.The Bosnian-Belgian film director and screenwriter is best known for his 2001 film No Man's Land . His most recent films include the 2009 Triage starring Colin Farrell , Paz Vega and Christopher Lee and the 2010 Cirkus Columbia starring Miki Manojlovi and Mira Furlan.A source told TOI, \"Emraan was just wrapping up a schedule of his upcoming film when his team got a call from the production house. After a formal discussion over the phone, Tanovic is believed to have taken the first flight to India to discuss the project with the actor.\"Emraan has had a fabulous run in recent times, what with hits like Jannat 2 and Shanghai in his kitty. If he lands this film, it would be the biggest project in his career so far. Just recently, we had also reported the actor plans to start his own production house.According to the source, Tanovic and Emraan met on the 23rd of this month. After a rather long discussion, they both had a smile on their faces. Apparently, Emraan is also planning to treat Danis to some delectable Indian food before he leaves the country. Emraan remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17039774", "title": "Maharasthra slips four points on national education index, ranks 17", "text": "MUMBAI: The state is steadily losing ground on education. It has slipped four points to the 17th position in the Centre's latest education development index, from 13th position in the previous year.The Union government carries out the annual ranking exercise based on various aspects influencing the quality, outreach, infrastructure and performance of students.The latest findings are based on surveys carried out across the country in 2010-11. Maharashtra ranked 13th following a similar exercise in 2009-10. Further, it witnessed a decline in ranking in both the primary (class I to IV), and upper primary (class V to VIII) categories. In the primary section, it dropped one rank from 14 in 2009-10 to 15 in 2010-11. The decline is starker in the upper primary section, where it slipped from the 13th slot (2009-10) to 17th (2010-11).During a state cabinet meeting on Wednesday, the school education, higher and technical education departments were severely criticized by several ministers, following which chief minister Prithviraj Chavan ordered appointment of a core group comprising senior experts and education experts to oversee and chart an improvement in the state's education standards. Chavan also directed both the school education and the higher and technical education departments to submit a presentation on the existing education standards before the cabinet.Even as the school education department claimed that the state had fared well with regards to performance of students, senior minister Patangrao Kadam said \"such a justification had no meaning\" when overall standards had declined. Congress minister Narayan Rane raised the issue during a discussion on non-salary grants for schools, questioning the lack of quality of education imparted in schools.The District Information System for Education report was then cited by the administration. Raising a red flag over a high drop-out ratio and migration of students to English-medium schools, Harshvardhan Patil (Congress) highlighted the issue of improving teaching standards and employing only those with a diploma in education or a higher degree. Finance minister Jayant Patil (NCP) said a \"systematic approach\" was needed to improve education quality. School education minister Rajendra Darda admitted there was scope for much improvement while highlighting various reforms undertaken in the recent past. Minister of state (school education) Fauzia Khan said there was a need for restructuring the education system.While Puducherry and Lakshwadeep retained the top two slots in the latest rankings, Punjab was placed third. Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka and Kerala which are comparable in education network and size were all ranked ahead of Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17042376", "title": "Festivals, marriages to take fizz out of poll campaigns", "text": "SURAT: The forthcoming festivals, Diwali vacations and marriage season are threatening to affect poll campaigns of political parties. Their biggest concern is about arranging for the audiences in the political events like rallies and corner meetings.The political parties are putting in efforts in advance to control the coming slackness in their campaign. The workers are being told about the importance of their presence at various political events and duties have already been assigned to them for the coming weeks of festivities and marriages.The Diwali vacation will be starting from second week of November and the labour force employed with the industries is expected to head home to th, congresseir native places in Saurashtra, north Gujarat, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Maharashtra for a period of 20 to 30 days. Soon after the Diwali vacation is over, the marriage season starts from the Dev Diwali that falls on November 28. A very large number of marriages will be solemnized between November 28 and December 15.With people expected to be busy with marriages, the political parties are on tenterhooks not only with regards to their presence during the poll campaign but also for the turnout on the days of polling.\"It is going to be a tough time for the political parties and we are trying to find out ways to deal with it. The absence of people will affect the public meetings,\" said Ashok Jirawala, president Surat city Congress.BJP MP from Navsari CR Patil said, \"We are making the workers aware about the importance of their presence. The party workers have been asked to continue campaigning during the festivals and marriage season. They are being persuaded to let their family members attend the social gatherings while they concentrate on the poll related assignments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041357", "title": "Our BEd model is being followed by other universities, says outgoing vice-chancellor", "text": "He believed in academics and was confident to stride through the controversies. In the end, it was just the reverse. Completing his three-year term as vice-chancellor, Lucknow University on November 2, Prof MK Mishra feels \"not all was bad\". In fact, he says there has been a \"historical\" change during his regime. The man who held the helm of affairs claims he lost path because he looked up to the rules. In an exclusive talk, he traces his journey with Isha JainTrace your journey as a vice-chancellor of Lucknow University for three years.A. It's a journey of personal transition as well as of the university. For the first time, students were able to see their answer sheets evaluated. With no structure and experience of how to follow it, it was a Herculean task. Re-evaluation was out of rulebook. More than academics, administrative and financial issues ruled the roost. All these years, I operated from the VC's office and not from my residence. Things have undergone a positive change. In the upcoming years, the results will give proof of my work.You have always been surrounded by controversies. There have been fingers pointing at your credibility and accountability. What do you have to say?A. I followed the 'rule of law' and that made me a controversial man. In 33 months of my tenure, I called 29 executive council (EC) meetings. During my entire tenure, I never used special powers. All decisions were passed by a consultative committee. I do not believe in giving an emotional reaction in times of protests and agitations. Appeasement is not my cup of tea. There were questions on B Ed but whatever model we adopted is being followed today by other universities. In matters related to employees, I found that more than 80 per cent had no appointment letters. Here, everyone looks up to court for petty issues. In my 23 years in IIT, I never heard a single person going to court. It was strange to me.Comment on gross anomalies in admission process 2012, and PhD entrance test.A. In the admission process, an interesting thing came out. It was always student leaders pointing out the anomalies. Even after the merit list was uploaded on the website, no student came up with a problem. Talking about PhD, I was able to conduct the entrance examination which was suspended for the past two years. There was a huge backlog of students eagerly waiting to get through PhD admissions. Unlike previous years where university teachers knew students who took admissions to PhD, this year was completely different. Teachers had no discretion in the JEE.You claim academics have been on forefront. Then what does falling numbers in IMS, ASC being an under performer and closure of many courses indicate?A. A good question. When I took charge, there were many institutes which had a monopoly and where I never knew what was happening, Academic Staff College was one. In all such places, when I established the rules, it ruffled feathers of those who thought they own the university. Institute of Management Studies did bring all management courses under an umbrella but it didn't do away with the ownership of coordinators. In case of courses that were closed, they failed to fulfill the norms.Comment on major challenges you faced in the university. What could have been done for betterment?A. When I came here, I had no realistic idea of the university. I had no agenda in my mind. But I feel continuous addition of colleges; majorly self-finance is vitiating the residential character of the university. It's a burden the university is unable to take. I feel the university needs to get the Central status in order to encourage research and academics. A lot of problems are on the financial front. The state government should mull over this.If given a chance, would you like to continue as VC of LU or any other state university?A. No. Change is important to keep things flowing in a positive direction. I feel the term of VCs in state universities should be extended to five years like in Central universities to give better understanding of the university system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17042453", "title": "Human ancestors taught tool-making to Neanderthals", "text": "LONDON: Neanderthals learned how to make jewellery and sophisticated tools from the ancestors of modern humans, according to a new study. New high precision radiocarbon dating shows that a cultural exchange may have taken place between modern humans and Neanderthals in France and Spain more than 40,000 years ago, the Daily Mail reported.The findings have important implications for understanding of our long-extinct sister species. If Neanderthals made the ornaments, they must have been capable of symbolic behaviour thought to be unique to man, researchers suggest.Artifacts discovered strewn among the remains of Neanderthals in the Grotte du Renne cave in central France and several other locations have long presented anthropologists with a puzzle. Belonging to what archaeologists term the Chatelperronian culture, a transitional industry from south-west France and northern Spain, it has been hotly debated whether they were made by Neanderthals or humans.Previous research had suggested that the artifacts were in fact produced by human ancestors before settling into deeper layers of cave strata until they sat among the earlier remains of Neanderthals.The new findings of an international team from the Max Planck Institute , Germany, suggest that the tools and body ornaments were indeed produced by Neanderthals - but only after humans arrived in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17040132", "title": "Applications invited for district youth club award", "text": "PANAJI: The Nehru Yuva Kendra, South Goa, has invited applications from youth clubs for the district youth club cash award of 10,000 for the year 2011-12. Apart from the entire significant programmes of the applicant club, the activities for the financial year 2011-12 will also be given weightage in selection for the award, states a press note. The club should be registered under the Societies Act 1860 and should produce audited accounts for the last one year.Applications, along with activity report with photographs and press clippings, should be submitted at C-2 20, Junta quarters, Pajifond, Margao, on or before November 2. For details call on 9422057156, 2714760.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17041840", "title": "Congress leaders led by MP K Sudhakaran threaten cop", "text": "KANNUR: There was high drama in Valapatanam police station here on Wednesday when a group of politicians led by K Sudhakaran, MP barged into the station, gharoed the sub-inspector and threatened him with dire consequences if he did not release Youth Congress leader Kallikodan Ragesh. Ragesh was taken into custody for demanding the release of a lorry that had been confiscated for sand smuggling.The Congress leaders alleged that sub-inspector B K Shiju had cruelly assaulted Ragesh who had inquired about the lorry.A police team led by additional SI P P Rajan had arrested two other Congress workers, they said.Police however claimed they had not assaulted Ragesh. They said two people, Samad and Abdul Hameed, both Congress activists, had been arrested for sand smuggling. There was nothing illegal about the arrest, and hence they could not be released.Around 11.30am, K Sudhakaran and INTUC state general secretary K Surendran reached the spot. Sudhakaran threatened the SI saying he would not be in his seat if he did not behave himself. By then Azhikode MLA K M Shaji and KPCC secretary Satheeshan Pacheni had also reached the station.The MP called the district police chief, Rahul R Nair, over phone from the station, but when Nair justified the police action Sudhakaran cut the call. He then contacted the ADGP and home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan and demanded action against the sub-inspector.Kannur DySP P Sukumaran reached the spot around 1pm and the issue was solved by 2pm.Ragesh was released after a case was registered against him for misbehaving with police and obstructing them from doing their duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040466", "title": "PWD lowers road to save British-era bridge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Public Works Department (PWD) is lowering part of the road under the British-period Mangey bridge to protect it from further damage. The move comes after Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) requested the agency to reduce the height of the road as commercial vehicles keep knocking against the overhead arch of the bridge, leaving it damaged. PWD is lowering a portion of the road under the bridge, which connects Salimgarh Fort with Red Fort, by more than one metre (almost four feet).\"The work, which started in July, is nearly complete. We are relaying the road with concrete, which lasts longer than bituminous material. Frequent relaying of road tends to increase its height. With concerete, this should not %happen. Currently, only the road under the middle arch is being lowered. The road underneath one more arch may also be lowered in future if ASI sends a request,\" said a senior PWD official.There are three arches with two lanes of the road underneath each arch.The bridge has been extensively damaged by heavy vehicles passing under it. Large portions of the bridge had fallen off and a major part of the arches was also hit.Over 100 years old, the bridge was constructed by the British to connect the two ancient forts and is under the care of ASI. Officials had observed that the road level under the bridge had risen considerably in recent years due to constant relaying. This, they said, was the root of the problem. The bridge is located on a highway that is used by a large number of heavy vehicles regularly. Earlier, ASI had requested that the traffic police to change the route taken by heavy vehicles, but that could not happen.Two years ago, a British firm was roped in by ASI to help in conservation and repair of the bridge. A team of 15 engineers from UK-based firm Cintec, known the world over for its patented anchoring system, had been specially brought in from Newport along with four expert drillers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17040772", "title": "Bar licence cancelled over belly dance", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana excise and taxation department has cancelled the licence of a city-based bar, located in MGF Metropolitan Mall. The licence was cancelled because a belly dance by a hired Russian girl was being held in the bar apart from the liquor stock exceeding the bar's limit. A district excise team sealed the bar on Wednesday. District excise and taxation commissioner (DETC) Aruna Singh confirmed the development to TOI.After getting news of the cancellation of their licence, the bar owners filed an appeal to the DETC.S K Sharma, collector of state excise and taxation department, has issued the order to cancel the licence of Sabbia bar-restaurant, situated on the 2nd floor of MGF Metropolitan Mall, Gurgaon. The bar is named 'Empire' while the licence is registered in the name of 'Sabbia'.About one and a half months ago, during the general checking, the district excise and taxation officials had issued two challans to the bar owners.During the questioning, the bar owners told the excise officials that they had hired the Russian girl for Rs 8,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17042043", "title": "Two cops nabbed for graft", "text": "RAJKOT: Two cops were trapped by officials of Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) in Jamnagar on Wednesday while allegedly taking a bribe of Rs 40,000. Those trapped are sub-inspector Dasharathsinh Zala posted Panchkoshi police station and constable Mahavirsinh Vadher of 'D' staff. They had allegedly demanded the money for settling a liquor case.Sources said the ACB had been approached by Rajendrasinh Jadeja, who was arrested with a consignment of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) some months ago by the police. The accused had offered not to seize his two-wheeler and not to add anyone else in the list of accused in the liquor case if he paid them the sum demanded.The ACB officials laid a trap and nabbed the two cops red handed, while they accepted the money from Jadeja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17042306", "title": "19 get District Rajyotsava Award 2012", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada district in-charge minister CT Ravi will honour 19 people with the District Rajyotsava Award 2012 Nehru Maidan here on Thursday.Deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda who released the list of achievers said a committee chaired by additional deputy commissioner KA Dayanand had finalized the list of award winners. Other committee members are: Dakshina Kannada District Kannada Sahitya Parishat president Pradeep Kumar Kalkura, Mangalore City Corporation commissioner K Harish Kumar, Kannada and Culture Department assistant director Mangala Nayak and Alva's Education Foundation chairman M Mohan AlvaThe winners are : KT Gatti, Azeez Baikampady, Shantharama Acharya Kalladka (literature), S Prabhakara Ujire (education), Puttur Shridhar Bhandary (yakshagana), Prakash Karanth Narikombu, Shridhara Bhat, Mahabala Poojary Kadambody (social work), Rohini Subbarathnam Kanchana (music), Jeevan Ram Sullia (theatre), Lokaiah Sere (folk - daivaradhane), Edward Thakode (agriculture), Mohan Sonangeri (art), Sharada Mani Shekhar (dance), Ashoka Vardhan (environment), Ramakrishna Ashram (organisation), Gayathri Navada (research), Ronald Anil Fernandes ( journalism ) and Kodipady Narayana Joisa (religious and cultural).IN UDUPI Following is the list of recipients of the Udupi district Rajyothsava Awards 2012: Vittal Kundar (Social Service), Ganapathi Hoblidar (stage), Dr KR Venkatakrishana (medicine), Dr YN Shetty (Tulu Culture), Jaya Kumar (Yakshagana), Veena Muralidhara Samaga (classical dance), K Sridhar Das G (Harikatha scholar), M Chadrashekar Hegde ( sports ), Veenu Vishwanath Herenje (Kambala), Janardhan Kodavoor (photography), Dr H S Ballal (education), Rangabhoomi Udupi (cultural activities), Sudhindra Aithal (animal saver), M Kogga Achari (yakshagana), Bhaskar M Kotian (art), Dr Neri Cornelio (Education), Dr GS Chandrashekar (medicine), Aruna Kumar Shiroor (culture), Shanker Pambda (folkart), Kodi Vishwanatha Ganiga (Yakshagana), Mohan Sherigar (music), M Amulya Manji (classical dance), Dr M Babu (education) and Yarlapadi Grama Panchayath (Bharath nirman volunteers).The award distribution ceremony will be held at the Mahatma Gandhi stadium in Ajjarkad, Udupi on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17040749", "title": "Builders must let residents manage their neighbourhood", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government has decided that the developer, as defined in the Haryana Development and Regulation of Urban Areas Act, 1975, shall transfer the administration of the condominium to its residents' welfare association (RWA) immediately after the grant of the occupation certificate.The builders will also have to transfer administration in case the DTCP has given \"part completion certificate\", a state government release said on Tuesday. The new rule has come into force with immediate effect and all the Senior Town Planners and District Town Planners have been informed for compliance. ,There are many condominiums for which the colonizers have secured only part completion and continue to keep all the administration under their control directly.There is no timeline for the colonizers to hand over the administration to the RWAs but the flat owners in Gurgaon have greeted the development since it paves the way for managing their condominiums. The state government had swung into action after RWAs had raised the issue with the Gurgaon Senior Town Planner, R K Singh.The RWAs had argued that the colonizers had executed the deed of declaration as required under Section 2 of the Haryana Apartment Ownership Act, 1983, after obtaining the occupation certificate but the administration of the condominium remained with the colonizer.\"The colonizer will take a plea that the project is not complete and the commercial side is to be developed and delay the handing over the administration to RWA. So unless the STP takes it seriously the new rule will not be implemented in letter and spirit,\" said Raman Sharma, president, Gurgaon Progressive Forum.The flat owners in Gurgaon condominiums have formed RWAs and there are 67 townships with muti-storey buildings that are occupied. At present, despite the existence of RWAs in condominiums the colonizers continue to keep all the records relating to the project.Sharma said that new rule favours the RWA but colonizers were not keen to endorse it.Explaining the reasons for the reluctance of the colonizers to hand over administration to RWAs, he said : \"Before the hand-over the colonizers will have to pass on the entire details of the project that include the super area, common area and other factors like commercial and basement aspects. Now this will open a Pandora's box and result in conflicts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040078", "title": "TV digitization deadline ends, Chennai gets relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The deadline set by the government for switchover to digital TV in four metro cities ended on Wednesday making a blackout imminent for those who have not installed set top boxes (STBs).TV viewers in Chennai who have not made the change, however, got some relief with the Madras High Court granting extension of the deadline till November 5 for the process of digitization of TV signals.But residents in Mumbai, Kolkata and Delhi are unlikely to get more time to shift from analog to digital addressable system (DAS).Union information and broadcasting secretary Uday Kumar Varma confirmed that analogue signals in Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai would be switched off on Thursday but Chennai would not be in the list because of the court order.\"However, apprehension that there will be a blackout are misplaced. There are only some pockets in areas in the metro cities where people have not switched over and we are confident that they will in the next few days,'' he said.I&B; ministry's data for all the four metros combined showed digitisation of cable TV households including Direct To Home (DTH) connections upto 94%.As per the data, out of a total 65.50 lakh cable TV subscribers in four metros, 62.34 lakh STBs had been installed while the rest were yet to be installed.\"In the past few days, the analogue signal has been switched off in a staggered manner. The ministry has given enough time and the deadline should not be extended further,\" a senior official said.\"In case some cable operator is found violating digital rules, action could be taken and even the license of the offender could be cancelled,\" he said.In a statement the I&B; ministry also claimed that on October 30, there was a huge surge in the installation of STBs in the four metros, especially Delhi.\"A total of 1,05,180 boxes were installed, out of which approximately 65,000 boxes were installed in Delhi alone. This huge increase in the number of boxes installed in Delhi has taken up the cable TV digitisation to 95% in Delhi. Along with DTH, the digitization percentage in Delhi has gone to 97%,\" the ministry said.Mumbai has already achieved 100% digitisation while in Kolkata the percentage of cable TV digitization has gone upto 83%. In Chennai, cable TV digitization has gone up to 62% while with DTH, the percentage has touched 86%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "17041185", "title": "Jam threat to digital cable in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: The deadline set by the government for switchover to digital cable TV in the four metros ended on Wednesday, making a blackout imminent for those who have not installed set-top boxes yet.As the Centre refused to back down, a forum of cable operators in Kolkata threatened to block digital signals from November 1 if they were forced to shut down analog transmission. The ugly tiff has now put a question mark on cable TV viewing across the city, which may see both analog and digital signals switched off on Thursday.Union information and broadcasting secretary Uday Kumar Varma confirmed analog signals in Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai would be switched off but Chennai would not be in the list because of the Madras high court has extended the deadline till November 5.Officials, however, said a blackout of the analog signal was unlikely since cable operators are controlled by the state government, and a law-and-order problem is feared. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has staunchly opposed the deadline and wants analog signals to continue.Even as people kept their fingers crossed amid fears of TV sets in nearly 2 million households getting blanked out, the administration deployed additional forces in all 65 Kolkata police station areas, with special focus on on the southern fringes. The other potential problem areas were identified as Howrah, Bidhannagar, Barrackpore and Hooghly.Minister seeks EMI scheme for set-topsAt Writers' Buildings, Mamata held an urgent meeting with urban development minister Firhad Hakim to check if TVs in the city would continue to beam channels and discuss a strategy to quell violence should it erupt if some areas got blacked out. Hakim, who is overseeing cable TV digitization, had earlier met MSOs and cablemen, and stressed upon the need to keep channels switched on.\"If the Centre does not listen to reason and forces the issue, we will counter it in the interest of the people,\" Hakim said, reiterating supply of set-top boxes needed to improve. He also called for EMI schemes so that viewers from all economic sections could avail of it and not be deprived of entertainment simply because they did not have the means to pay upfront.Though broadcasters and MSOs maintained a studied silence on what would happen, sources said the government had instructed them to use analog signals available for viewers in districts to beam into homes in Kolkata in the event of a blackout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17039949", "title": "Combative Nitin Gadkari dares Congress to investigate Vadra", "text": "MUMBAI: After much hemming and hawing, the Maharashtra BJP has come to Nitin Gadkari's rescue following charges of corruption against him. BJP activists turned up in good numbers at the domestic airport in Vile Parle on Wednesday to welcome the party chief. Buoyed by the show of strength, Gadkari launched a frontal attack on the Congress party.The state BJP has rallied behind Gadkari following instructions from the RSS, it is reliably learnt. The RSS is said to be keen on Gadkari getting a second term as party chief, a senior Maharashtra BJP functionary said. The Shiv Sena is in two minds whether or not to come out openly in support of the chief of its poll ally.Describing charges of corruption against him as a \"political conspiracy\" by the Congress, Gadkari said, \"In fact, it is the Congress which is mired in financial scandals\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe CWG, 2G, Coalgate et al\u00e2\u20ac\u201damounting to Rs 4.38 lakh crore,\" he said while talking to party members receiving him at the airport.Gadkari denied having business links with NCP chief Sharad Pawar and BJP MP Ajay Sancheti. \"Arvind Kejriwal has accused me of usurping government land. Let me tell you, the land still belongs to the government,'' he said.The BJP leader admitted that he had written to the Prime Minister and the state irrigation department on the completion of the Goshikhurd project. \"But, my purpose was to ensure that adequate funds are released by the authorities for the project. This I did out of my concern for the farmers of Vidarbha. However, the media distorted the entire matter and accused me of standing by the contractors,\" he explained. Gadkari cleverly skirted the main charge against him that his driver and members of the personal staff were the stakeholders in the company.\"The CAG has exposed scandals involving the Congress party. Now, the Congress is trying to deflect attention by accusing me and the BJP of corruption. A section of the media is helping the Congress in its design,'' he alleged. He threatened to expose the questionable financial transactions of the pro-Congress media at the \"right time\".Refuting charges against him in the Purti Sugar and Power Limited case, Gadkari said he was ready for any probe. \"But, what about the son-in-law who is mired in a slew of questionable land deals?\" he asked, referring to the Robert Vadra controversy.\"This is the Congress policy. The party finds itself in a spot. Hence, Congressmen are confusing people as they cannot convince them,'' Gadkari said, adding, \"I have come clean on the issue of corruption. My conscience is clear. I haven't done any irregularity, even of one single paisa.\" Gadkari predicted a grand slam for the NDA in the next general elections.\"If I wanted to make money, I could have offered the Mumbai-Pune expressway project (during the BJP chief's stint as PWD minister in the erstwhile Shiv Sena-BJP government in the 1990s) to the lowest bidder. The bid was for Rs 3,600 crore. However, I rejected it and wrapped up the project in Rs 1,800 crore,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040811", "title": "Call to boycott autos, taxis gets moderate response", "text": "MUMBAI: Withdraw the steep autorickshaw and taxi fare hikes at the earliest\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe message was clear on Wednesday. While the response to the boycott call was not overwhelming, many Mumbaikars got an opportunity to express their anger at the fare hikes and errant drivers by choosing not to take an auto or taxi.Autos and taxis were found running empty at a few places in the morning; long queues of three-wheelers were also seen at some stands outside stations. But union leaders claimed that business was \"as usual\".Rajesh Gade, chief organizer of the No Auto-Taxi Day, said he was approached by several office-goers outside stations in the western suburbs. \"They supported the call voluntarily and informed me that they either walked to stations or took BEST buses,\" he said. Sources said the activists were not deterred by the moderate response and planned to continue with their crusade.Civic activist Anil Galgali wrote to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and to the Bombay high court, requesting that the government and the HC take suo motu cognizance of the public protest and take appropriate steps. \"The Mumbaikars' resolve to boycott autos/taxis for a day in protest against the unjust fare hike as well as fleecing seems to have struck a chord among citizens today. Many passengers boycotted autos and switched to buses,\" the letter read.Even though examinations were on in some city schools and colleges, many students decided to support the boycott call. \"We planned our travel a day in advance and decided to go to college in groups. Our friends who have cars ferried us to and from college and we paid for the petrol. None of us took autos today,\" said Ashirwad Solanki, a Borivli resident who studies in a Malad college. In some cases, parents dropped their children to school and went to office after that.At Borivli station, a group of activists held a silent demonstration for two hours.While the response was better in the eastern suburbs, the organizers said they also found takers in parts of Borivli, Kandivli, Andheri and Vile Parle. The BEST, on its part, ran additional bus services depending on the requirement in certain areas of the suburbs.The organizers also got support from Sarangi Mahajan, wife of the late Pravin Mahajan. \"I am against the fare hike as it is a huge burden on the common man. I, too, have switched to buses from today. The services provided by drivers should also improve,\" she told mediapersons.The campaign, however, was not as successful as expected. Said Subhash Dalvi, a commuter, \"The organizers did not conduct the drive aggressively, unlike some of the youngsters who had launched the Meter Jam movement in the past.\"TOI readers, too, called up to say that most of them supported the cause. \"We want the state to withdraw the hikes and give us relief,\" said Sunidhi Sharma, another commuter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040295", "title": "Ajit denies rift, shares dais with Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: In an indication that ties between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and ex-deputy CM Ajit Pawar have been restored to an extent, the former denied any rift on Wednesday. Ties between the two have been frosty for some time now.Chavan and Pawar shared the dais at an event organized at YB Chavan. Pawar said that Chavan had nothing to do with his decision to quit. The event was organized by Maharashtra State Cooperative Textile Federation to acknowledge good work in the sector.Addressing the gathering, Chavan said the new textile policy unveiled by the government would ensure that all the cotton produced in the state is processed in situ. He said a decision regarding the demand for supply of electricity at subsidized rates to textile mills will be taken soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17042218", "title": "Helmet-less riders get fuel on day 1, but with a warning", "text": "KANPUR: The state government's October 30 directive asking petrol pumps to not provide petrol to two-wheeler riders not wearing a helmet has met with a lukewarm response in the city.The orders were issued by transport minister of state Mahendra Aridaman Singh who had sought the support of transport officers and police officials to implement the same with the help of petrol pump owners. He also called upon parents to not allow their wards to drive two-wheelers without wearing helmets.The transport minister had taken the decision while observing that two wheeler riders constituted the majority when it came to deaths in road accidents.Interestingly, while the impact of the orders was visible in the city, many of the locals seemed to be resisting the initiative. Several two-wheeler owners reached petrol pumps in the morning without helmets and got petrol filled in their vehicles. However, later in the day, petrol pump owner refused to provide fuel to such riders.They did so only after issuing a warning to the helmet-less riders. A petrol pump owner on Mall road said since Wednesday was the first day of the orders coming into force, he allowed every one to get petrol, but not without warning them that the same leniency will not be shown in later days.Manish Mehrotra, a motorcycle owner lauded the move and said there was immediate need of such directives as helmet use would reduce the number of deaths in road accidents.On the other hand, a group of advocates said that the orders were illegal and they would challenge the same in the court. \"If I have some problem in my head and therefore cannot wear a helmet, am I to be denied fuel? This is not logical. The court would immediately put a stay on these orders when approached,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17040336", "title": "Defence counsel pleads against death sentence", "text": "COIMBATORE: The defence counsel A Sharmila in the murder case of Muskan (10), and Hrithik Jain (7), has requested the Mahila court here on Wednesday not to award the death sentence to the lone surviving accused R Manoharan, 26. She pointed out that there ware no eyewitnesses in the murder case.On Wednesday afternoon, the defence counsel Sharmila presented her arguments before Mahila court judge MP Subramaniam. She argued that the motive of the abduction was not established by the prosecution. The case dealt with drowning. There is no direct eye witness in the abduction of the siblings by Manoharan. The prosecution already argued that the siblings were kidnapped for ransom. But the ransom was not proved in this case. Identification parade was not conducted for Manoharan. She also added that this case was based only on circumstantial evidence. The age of the accused and the old age of his parents should be considered by the court, she said. Mahila court judge Subramaniam will deliver the sentence for this case on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "17042279", "title": "Eerie silence in Ramnad", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: An eerie silence coupled with tense undercurrents prevails in Ramanathapuram as well as parts of other southern districts as police have been on their toes to prevent flaring up of violence on Wednesday.The police have booked cases against 110 people from Ponnayapuram and Pambuvizhunthan villages for murdering the three persons who were heading to participate in the Muthuramalinga Thevar guru pooja at Pasumpon village near Paramakudi on Tuesday, and have launched a hunt for them. In addition to the 5,000 police personnel, 15 SPs, 50 DSPs and 150 inspectors drawn from across the state ahead of the celebrations, 1,500 more personnel have been pressed into service from adjoining districts after the violence.There was a minor spill over of the previous day's violence as stone pelting incidents occurred in a few places in the district on Wednesday. As tension continued across the district, shops, trade establishments and educational institutions remained shut. While bus services were completely suspended in Ramanathapuram district, buses were not operated in many pockets of Sivaganga and Virudhunagar districts too.\"The situation is completely under control. There were no untoward incidents anywhere in the district. But we are quite aware of the situation prevailing and are on constant vigil in sensitive places,\" said Ramanathapuram SP N M Mylvaganan.A group of men stuck condolence posters of the three murdered men in and around Ramanathapuram bus stand, which led to a clash with another caste group and subsequent stone pelting. The men dispersed after police chased them away.In Tirunelveli district, a few miscreants tore down a banner of a community leader at Nelkattumseval. At Vasuthevanallur, a similar board was set on fire. As indications of fresh violence surfaced, police was rushed to the two places to diffuse the tension.Meanwhile, relatives of the murdered people - M Sivakumar of Velangudi in Virudhunagar, V Veeramani and M Malaikannan from Sivanganga district - took out a protest rally from the new bus stand at Karaikudi to the government hospital where the bodies of three were kept. As the police prevented them from nearing the GH, the agitators staged a road blockade. At Kamuthi in Ramanathapuram district, and Perunali in Virudhunagar district too, people staged road blockades.Meanwhile, the condition of four of the 21 people who suffered burn injuries in the petrol bomb attack at Chinthamani in Madurai outskirts continued to be critical. They have been shifted to a private hospital for intensive care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17042095", "title": "Cauvery arrives, but not in all taps", "text": "BANGALORE: It was billed to be the end of a long wait for Cauvery water. Yet, the launch of Cauvery Phase II Stage IV on Wednesday did not exactly have water gushing out of most taps of new consumers.BWSSB minister S Suresh Kumar had announced on Tuesday that the project launch would bring Cauvery water into 14,000 houses. Areas like Rajarajeshwarinagar, Dasarahalli , Yelahanka, Bommanahalli , Byatarayanapura, KR Puram , Mahadevapura and Kengeri were to benefit.But the post-launch development indicates that it will take 15 more days for most beneficiaries in the new areas to get water as several steps like testing of pipeline and checking quality of water remain to be done.However, there were residents who were elated as Cauvery water flowed out of their taps. \"Water came out of the tap dedicated to the Cauvery supply line,\" said Sandeep Kadtane, software engineer and resident of Brookefields.On Wednesday, near Mahadevapura , the Cauvery water released into the pipelines was let out into the Mahadevapura lake. BWSSB officials said the initial supply of water carried mud and other waste left by welding work. It will take a couple of days for clear water to start flowing through the pipelines.BWSSB chairman Gaurav Gupta said the new project shouldn't be seen only in terms of benefiting newly added areas of BBMP. He said the project will improve water supply situation in several other areas getting limited supply.\"For new consumers, charging of pipelines has commenced with this launch. Water supply will be increased in phases . Water will be supplied to new consumers in a gradual process. We have never said it will be dramatic,\" he added.T Venkatraju, engineer in chief, BWSSB said, \"All the pipes laid from the reservoir level to the consumer level are being tested now. We will provide the meters to houses which have pipelines within seven days of applying. They will get water within a month.\"Good news for rural BangaloreThe Ettinahole drinking water project will be extended to rural parts of Bangalore and to neighbouring districts of Kolar, Chikkaballapur and surrounding areas, said chief minister Jagadish Shettar here on Wednesday. \"111 villages located in the west part of rural Bangalore shall be soon connected with drinking water projects,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17043519", "title": "Ahmedabad shooters training without a coach", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Olympic medalist shooters Gagan Narang and Vijay Kumar may have inspired millions of souls in this nation but looks like Amdavadi shooting realities still lies in tatters.The Rifle Club is the only place in the city where budding shooters can train. It is a well-equipped place, but it has one vital ingredient missing-a coach. In fact, it's never had one in the 74 years of its existence.General secretary of Ahmedabad Military Rifle and Training Association ( AMRTA), Narendra Oza, says they cannot afford one. \"A coach asks for Rs 500 for three hours of training, while we get only Rs 20,000 grant from the state government per year. Also, coaches lack dedication and commitment,\" says Oza. He says six to seven former national champions come to the club on a regular basis and guide students free of cost.Rina Green, a student, who trains regularly at the Rifle Club, says she opted for special training where a coach trained a team of four for 15 days. However, she says there is no permanent instructor to teach students on a daily basis.Another shooting buff, Harshal Patel, says he took up the sport seven years ago. Despite the lack of instructors at the Rifle Club, Harshal has managed to keep up his enthusiasm because his father, a national-level champion, trains him.Regulatory hurdles in importing equipment and arms as well as the fact that it is an expensive sport to pursue at the competitive level are other deterrents for youngsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17043195", "title": "Sandhya Suraj, area sales manager of Sula wines says 'times have changed'", "text": "KOCHI: Talking about wines in a room packed with women is as easy for Sandhya Suraj as selling the Sula brand to a five-star hotel's wine taster. As area sales manager of Sula Wines, her job involves marketing, and almost always dealing with a question - why did you select this job?And Sandhya has taken it in her stride, to answer the curious queries of Malayalis, and to succeed in a field where a female presence is often frowned at. But with the changing times, she feels the attitude of the society in the state is also changing slowly towards a more women-friendly scenario where a job is a personal choice and not one ruled by old norms.\"Women too used to look at me like I am doing a forbidden job, now there is a marked difference in the attitude. Women are more becoming aware of the various wine brands, and feel free to talk about them,\" says Sandhya, who joined the industry after starting her career with the Taj Group of hotels. \"I keep telling people that I am not selling liquor door-to-door, and wine is a totally different beverage.There are more women in this field now.\" Coming back to Kerala after spending years in Mumbai has been a cultural somersault for her as she was faced with a city that went to sleep before 9 pm and where night life meant going for a movie. \"But now I see young girls too in lounge bars. And women are feeling the independence of changing times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17042277", "title": "Water tax hike withdrawn", "text": "MADURAI: After receiving opposition from many quarters over the increase in drinking water tax in the corporation limits, the civic body on Wednesday decided to withhold the increase for two years. During the council meeting on Wednesday, the issue was discussed as the drinking water tax was raised from Rs 418 per six months to Rs 900 for a household effective April 1, 2010 based on a resolution passed on June 30, 2009. The issue has been raised many times in the council after the AIADMK assumed office. The tax was implemented during the DMK period. As the increased drinking water tax has been opposed by many residential associations, industrial and trade unions and public either through phone or in person, the petitions were carefully considered, mayor V V Rajan Chellappa told the council. Hence a resolution was passed during the meeting to withhold the increase in drinking water tax for 2010-11 and 2011-12.During the council meeting, the issue of sewage mixing with drinking water was also brought for discussion and one of zonal presidents, P Salaimuthu, proposed that the affected areas be supplied drinking water through trucks. The problem of drinking water contamination with sewage has been reported in many parts of the city, especially in the old city limits due to damage of sewage pipes.In earlier council meetings, the AIADMK councillors themselves brought this issue to the corporation. As the proposal of supplying drinking water through trucks was brought forth, the council supported it. Chellappa said the proposal would be implemented till the issue was solved and the affected regions can call the corporation for drinking water, he said. To find a permanent solution to the problem of water contamination, the corporation was working on phasing out old sewage pipes, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040834", "title": "Maharashtra to rank colleges on attitude towards women", "text": "MUMBAI: How a college treats the women on its campus will play a crucial role in determining its ranking among other colleges in the state. The state government plans to rank the best colleges at district, university and state level after assessing them on several parameters, the most important criteria being its sensitivity to women.The parameters include measures taken by colleges to curb eve-teasing/ragging, maintaining a balanced male-female ratio, convincing girls and their families to pursue higher education, and steps taken by colleges to make girl students economically independent. The idea is to promote equality between girls and boys and increase the enrolment of women in colleges.The state's higher and technical education department issued a resolution on October 23 to all universities announcing a competition in the state for 'public awakening'. Different committees have been set up to pick two best colleges each at the district and state university levels and in the final stage, three best colleges in the state. The government has even set aside a budget of Rs 150 crore to award cash prizes to the winning colleges. Colleges will be assessed for a total of 100 marks, of which 50 marks are allotted for efforts made by institutes to make female students comfortable in the college environment. Another 50 marks is for innovative schemes by students.The idea is to remove inequality between boys and girls and encourage girls to take up higher education. Rajesh Tope, minister for higher and technical education, said, \"The idea is to improve girls' enrolment in higher education and also to make them fearless. I have been approached by many groups complaining of regular eve-teasing incidents. Women's safety is the topmost priority in higher education. We will try to make it an annual exercise.\"Ujjwal Uke, principal secretary, women and child development department, said, \"The campaign will definitely help bring about awareness among today's youth. I appreciate the education department's move in initiating the 'public awakening' movement.\"A department official said, \"The colleges have to write to us with filled form. The prizes will be announced on International Women's Day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17042110", "title": "State government firm on DMRC", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government is firm on its choice of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation for the Kochi Metro project in spite of the reluctance shown by the latter to take up the project.Chief minister Oommen Chandy and transport minister Aryadan Muhammed would approach Prime Minister Manmohan Singh seeking his interference in persuading the DMRC to take up the project, Chandy said after holding discussions with E Sreedharan here on Wednesday.\"The state would resort to political pressure for seeking DMRC's services in Kochi Metro project and monorail projects in Kozhikode and Thiruvananthapuram. The government is not looking for an alternative agency at present,\" the chief minister said.The meeting also decided to suggest ways to implement the project under DMRC's supervision without causing any extra burden on the agency. These would be brought before the DMRC and KMRL boards. The government feels that the DMRC's involvement in the project will reduce the technical hurdles, including the availing of loans.Chandy and Aryadan would meet Union urban development minister Kamal Nath and Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit before meeting the Prime Minister. Sreedharan will also be part of the discussions in Delhi, scheduled on November 7 and 8.Meanwhile, opposition leader V S Achuthanandan said several questions remained unanswered in the Metro controversy. \"Why did Tom Jose hold talks with Bangalore metro? Why did the CM send Tom Jose to Singapore to hold discussions on Metro? Why did they showcase Metro at the Emerging Kerala summit? And, why didn't they issue GOs if the cabinet had decided to hand over the project to the DMRC? The CM has to give an answer to all these questions,\" he told reporters here.Achuthanandan said as the Congress has eight ministers in the Union cabinet, including number two A K Antony, it would be possible to convince the urban development department to entrust the DMRC with the task of Kochi Metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17041475", "title": "SG Road to remain close for a year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Brace yourself up for some serious traffic chaos from today. The city's main central business district road, the SG Road, will be closed for a year from today from Sola bridge up to Gurdwara crossroads.What is scary is that on this 2.5 km stretch between Sola and Gurdwara crossroads one would have to take diversions into barely two lane roads running parallel to the SG Road. These diversions pass through residential zones and outside commercial centers that have heavy on-street car parking during working hours.Be it judges, lawyers or petitioners going towards the high court, businessmen and shoppers to the malls and clubbers to Karnavati or Rajpath, they would be all tangled up in thick traffic, if the traffic cops fail to ensure a smooth vehicle flow along the diversions. The density of the vehicles could be gauged from the fact that in 24 hours, about 64,000 to 65,000 cars and SUVs pass by these junctions, while there are 11,758 heavy and commercial vehicles pass through these junctions - the highest in the city.\"SG Road is being converted from a four-lane highway into a 12-lane one. Both at Thaltej and Gurdwara crossroads, two over bridges of 50 metres x 30 metres dimensions are being built. Between Gurdwara and Sola crossing, on each side of the highway there will be a three-lane road that will take vehicles above while three lanes will be available in the continuous underpass. There will be a total of 12 lanes for traffic on SG Road,\" says a senior official of National Highways Authority of India (NHAI).But there is not a complete shut down till December. NHAI has plans to keep one side open for the two-way traffic till the road expansion and underpass construction for the other side is on. But this luxury would soon disappear after January next year when for the next nine months the 2.5 kilometer stretch will be closed for all traffic. \"When the expansion work reaches Gurdwara crossroads, we don't have any service lanes on either side of this stretch. It is then that we would have to block complete traffic. We will reach the Gurdwara stretch by January end,\" adds the NHAI official.The reason for the continuous underpass is that between Sola bridge and Gurdwara, the road level varies between six to eight meters. While coming from Gandhinagar, one has to climb a gradient and get down. NHAI plans to level this stretch. The underpass will have six lanes and there will be three slip lane roads on either side of the under pass. The under pass will start from the New York Tower and end at Pakwan restaurant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17041625", "title": "Music cannot have competitions: V Dakshinamoorthy", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Music is god and hence there cannot be competitions in it, said veteran music director V Dakshinamoorthy. \"Competitions are for events like wrestling,\" he added. He was speaking at a meet the press programme in Kottayam on Wednesday.However, when asked about the music reality shows in television channels, he evaded the question saying he was not aware that they were called reality shows. Referring to the process of selecting winners through SMS voting, he said then they should be called vote shows.Regarding the new singers getting few chances to lend their voices in movies, he said those who spend money for making the movies decide the singers and not the music director.Dakshinamoorthy is in the city to attend a function in which he is being honoured by 'Rasa' cultural forum and Kottayam municipality.The programme will be held on Thursday evening at Mammen Mappilai Hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039896", "title": "Hundreds of TV screens go blank as digitisation deadline ends", "text": "NEW DELHI: Television sets without set top boxes (STBs) in hundreds of households across Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata went blank as the deadline for switch over to cable TV digitisation ended this midnight.People watching various programmes faced a TV blackout when the clock struck 12. However, in some areas of Kolkata, the television sets without STBs were found to be working.In Mumbai, nearly 20% of the households have not installed STBs.Information and broadcasting ministry's data for all the four metros combined showed digitisation of cable TV households including Direct To Home (DTH) connections up to 94%.TV viewers in Chennai who have not made the change, however, got some relief with the Madras High Court granting extension of the deadline till November 5 for the process of digitisation of TV signals.The Bombay High Court, however, refused to grant more time to cable network providers in the city to switch to digital addressable system (DAS). But it asked the Union government to consider giving some relief to viewers during Diwali.According to ministry figures, Delhi has achieved a 97 per cent digitisation (including DTH connections) while in Kolkata it is up to 85%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17041630", "title": "Into its 3rd year, but corporation council still to tie up loose ends", "text": "KOCHI: The UDF-led corporation council will complete two years on Thursday, but what has Kochi gained from this local body as far as development is concerned.Nothing much if one were to go by the record. It hasn't been able to address major issues like sewage treatment, waste disposal, proper maintenance of roads and footpaths, water logging and mosquito eradication.According to the opposition, it has miserably failed in implementing projects committed in the 2012-13 budget.According to opposition councillor K J Jacob the corporation seems to have \"lost itself in the furore over the Kochi Metro and mayor Tony Chammany prefers to remain silent on development issues.\"LDF councillors alleged that almost all the construction activities had come to a halt.Apart from the state government initiative to rope in Suchitwa Mission to set up a new waste treatment plant at Brahmapuram, the corporation has not taken steps to install sewage treatment facilities.The proposed Rs 151-crore sewage treatment plant at Elamkulam and the Rs 93 crore plant at Mundamvelly remain on paper.Though it was stated that the corporation would initiate a junction improvement project, no progress has been made. The plan to have a uniform and designed footpath has not taken off. It was planned to introduce these projects on a private public partnership basis. An amount of Rs 10 lakh and Rs 5 lakh were kept aside for drafting these projects. While presenting the budget deputy mayor B Bhadra had said an amount of Rs1 crore was allocated for construction of utility ducts.Opposition alleged that the mayor and his team had ignored the budget.It was Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) that took up the responsibility of repairing and relaying 13 roads owned by the corporation.KMRL even took up the task of cleaning the Thevara-Perandoor Canal.\"There are no serious discussions happening at the corporation. We don't think that the local body would implement any of the projects announced for the current fiscal,\" he said.Even some UDF councillors said council meetings had become a namesake programme.Authorities are not keen on executing the decisions taken at the council. \"This is a sad state of affairs where nobody is willing to take up the responsibility,\" said a senior councillor.Mega projects yet to become a realityCochin Regional Master PlanE governanceUnified Metropolitan Transport AuthorityCity Development PlanHover craft serviceAsset assessmentCity beautification projectCochin firstIT hub at KacherripadyCochin trade centre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040551", "title": "HC spells relief for stray dogs at Lodhi Garden", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stray dogs at Lodhi Garden won't be targeted, since they are sterilized and accounted for.New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) on Wednesday assured the Delhi high court there are 29 dogs at Lodhi Garden which are sterilized and vaccinated yearly, and are not diseased. NDMC told HC they haven't received any complaint of dog bite or dog nuisance from the area.A division bench comprising Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw then agreed to the plea of dog lovers that the canines shouldn't be targeted by the municipal authorities. HC then posted the case for December 19 for NDMC to inform it of the progress made in removing bandicoots from the garden. A group of individuals and organizations, including Maneka Gandhi's outfit People For Animals and The Voice of Stray Dogs, had approached HC, seeking modification of the court's October 10 order to NDMC for removing canines from the garden. The dog lovers had argued that as per the Birth Control (Dogs) Rules under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, stray dogs can be vaccinated or sterilised and then they would be returned to their territory but the canines cannot be removed from the area. They said removal of a dog is allowed if there is a complaint of bite or nuisance.Taking note of the TOI report on bandicoots damaging Lodhi Garden, the bench had on October 10 directed NDMC to remove the rodents and also the stray dogs and had sought a report.The report drew attention to the growing number of bandicoots (Asian rats) who feed on the eatables left behind for birds by visitors in the garden.\"Catch hold of all those stray dogs. We have noticed several stray dogs moving inside the garden. As a lot of children come there, steps are required to remove the strays,\" the court had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17040131", "title": "Mix-up over moms sparks battle for baby boy in Guntur govt hospital", "text": "GUNTUR: Confusion reigned at the Government General Hospital (GGH) in Guntur with two mothers staking claim to the same baby boy following the death of another newborn boy soon after delivery.That the names of both the mothers is the same, Lakshmi, only added to the chaos. With the maternity ward turning into the site of a heated altercation between the new mothers, the GGH superintendent, Challa Mohan Rao, declared that a DNA test would be conducted to settle the dispute.Gorre Lakshmi, 22, wife of a carpenter in Srinivasaraothota area of Guntur city, got admitted to GGH for delivery on Monday. On the same night, she gave birth to a baby boy through normal procedure.However, the infant had to be put in neonatal care for stabilization of his health. Subsequently, another woman, this one called Para Lakshmi, 23, of Cobaltpet in Guntur, joined the maternity ward for delivery on Tuesday afternoon.In the late hours of Tuesday, Para Lakshmi was shifted to the labour room after she started getting labour pains. An hour later, ward attendant (ayah) Rasool Bi summoned the relatives of Para Lakshmi.Meanwhile, anxious over the well-being of the newborn, the family members of Gorre Lakshmi approached the ayah and enquired about the condition of the baby in neonatal care. Taking them to be the kin of Para Lakshmi, Rasool Bi informed them that the baby was born dead. Shocked members of Gorre Lakshmi's family then got into an argument with the ayah as to how the child could have died after being placed in neonatal care.Without giving any attention to the grievance of the family members, the ayah left the place in a huff.Upon hearing the commotion, the relatives of Para Lakshmi, who was in the labour room at the time, arrived on the scene to enquire about the status of her baby.And they were led to believe that the baby born to Para Lakshmi was alive with the dead baby belonging to the other Lakshmi.However, when they went to see Para Lakshmi's baby, the ayah told them that he had died. Alleging that the ayah had changed the babies, the family members of the two Lakshmis got into an argument.Gopi, Para Lakshmi's husband and a daily wage earner, alleged that the ayah had demanded Rs 500 from him before taking his wife to the labour room and had then handed them the dead baby for their refusal to pay her.With the family members and other relatives from both sides joining in, chaos prevailed at GGH till well into the afternoon.After verification of records, the hospital superintendent clarified that the baby born to Gorre Lakshmi was alive with Para Lakshmi being the one who had suffered the loss of her newborn. He said that infants were tagged immediately after birth and thus there was no scope for babies getting swapped.\"We will be left with no option but to send the samples of both the mothers and the infant for a DNA test if the dispute still persists,\" Mohan Rao said. He said that in such a situation they would keep the baby in their custody till the receipt of the DNA report.Curiously, the two Lakshmis had also occupied the same bed in the maternity ward of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17041458", "title": "Two held for raping 15-yr-old in Sanwer", "text": "INDORE: Two accused of raping a 15-year-old girl in Sanwer on Dussehra last week were arrested on Wednesday.Sanwer police in-charge UPS Chouhan said that the accused siblings Pintu alias Vinod Bagadi and Rakesh Bagadi have been arrested while another accused Jitendra Jaiswal is still at large. The three are the victim's neighbours.On the festival day, Pintu lured her to a deserted place and allegedly committed the crime while the other two helped in pinning her down. \"Jitendra and Rakesh caught her hands and legs forcing her to give in to the carnal desires of Pintu,\" said Chouhan.The three reportedly also threatened her of dire consequences if she informed anyone about the incident.After suffering the pain for about a week, the girl gathered courage and narrated the incident to her family. Her father lodged a complaint. Police booked the accused under sections 376-2 and 506 of IPC. Hunt for Jitendra is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039667", "title": "It's a healthy season but to keep the chill away, one needs to be cautious, say doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: There is a distinct nip in the air for the past couple of days, signalling the arrival of winter. Despite the season being a much-awaited one for most of us, it also calls for us to be more cautious about our health. With some easy precautionary measures, one can ward off the possibility of an illness.Doctors say that the kind of pleasant winter that we experience in Nagpur is a considerably healthy time of the year, when they have the least footfalls in the out patient department. If one is well protected from cold and has reasonably good resistance, one can survive this season without being afflicted by an illness.\"Fortunately for us, we do not experience very extreme cold here during winters. This is the time when we have a few infectious diseases around. But it is mostly a time when people enjoy very good health,\" said Dr PP Joshi, head of the medicine department at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH).President of city chapter of Association of Physicians of India Dr Pradeep Mishra agreed and said, \"Exposure to cold remains the only reason for people falling sick during winters, with seasonal infections at their lowest. It is a difficult time for people with respiratory illnesses like bronchitis and asthma. Also, with Diwali celebrated during the season, people allergic to dust and smoke find it a little difficult.\"However, with their low immunity and vulnerability to sickness, children often fall sick during the colder days. \"If exposed to cold for long, children may develop conditions like hypothermia and pneumonia. Very small children can get watery loose motions. Viral gastroenteritis can also affect them from eating outside food,\" said paediatrician Dr Ravi Waikar.However, urging some caution, former president of city chapter of Indian Medical Association and physician Dr Pradeep Rajderkar said, \"Cold and cough are common illnesses during winter, and their number is already high right now. An uncommon occurrence this year is the high numbers of dengue patients even in this season. Those with arthritis also need to be especially cautious in winter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039847", "title": "Several govt panels rejected RIL proposal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Various committees, not just the oil ministry, rejected petro giant Reliance Industries Ltd's (RIL) proposal to link cost of KG gas with the international crude price with the ministry estimating the tab for states and the Centre adds up to a staggering $6.3 billion.In its report to an Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) then headed by Pranab Mukherjee, the oil ministry set out the financial implications of acceding to the RIL request to hike the price of gas from $4.2 per million metric British thermal unit (MMBTU) to $14.20-$14.51 per MMBTU.If Reliance honoured the production targets it was projecting, the loss for state governments and the Centre would be around $10.5 billion. Even if gas production remained at the current levels that are under par, the loss would be $6.3 billion.The oil ministry under Jaipal Reddy made the sub-optimal calculation as it felt RIL was depressing production to arm twist the government into accepting a hike in prices as shortage of gas supplies was hurting fertilizer and power units.The dispute with RIL, seen to have led to Reddy's exit from the ministry last Sunday, saw the ministry argue that \"In brief a $10/MMBTU increase in gas price will result in $8.5 billion increase in revenue to the contractor in the next two years and a $1.4 billion increase in revenue to government if production remains constant.\"As most of the gas produced by the Krishna Godavari offshore fields \"is being used by fertilizer and power units to supply power to state discoms, the burden on state and central governments will go up (between $ 10.5 billion to $ 6.3 billion).The EGoM was told Reliance's arguments did not cut ice with committees other than those under the oil ministry. A committee of secretaries said, \"The RIL formula may be taken up for approval only after a policy is put in place. Prima facie the formula seems to suffer from several infirmities...\"Oil ministry guidelines observed if competitive bidding to discover price of gas is not feasible, the valuation be based in most recent competitive determined price indexed to the present. The economic advisory council to the PM also expressed its reservations.Asked if government can forgo \"contractual privilege\", Attorney General Goolam Vahanvati said price fixation till April, 2014, cannot be ignored. But he added the EGoM can decide on the advisability of price revision as this was \"not a matter of law, but a matter of policy.\"Although the A-G left the matter open, oil ministry stuck to its guns as it was also armed with the report of the Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH) that pointed to falling gas production in the KG blocks as apart from 2009-10, the first year of production, targets were not met in 2010-11 and 2011-12.The DGH observed that there has been an underutilization of facilities since the second year, of the 31 well envisaged, only 18 were completed and of these 14 were in operation. Four wells drilled in 2010-11 and 2011-12 have not been connected, and non-compliance has resulted in less production.The report further notes that \"in the absence of drilling, completing and putting on stream new wells, the gas production rate from D1D3 fields is likely to further decline.\" The DGH was of the view that cost recovery be restricted in proportion to actual production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17042491", "title": "In God\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s own country, now even the devil is clueless", "text": "KOCHI: When I was a child, we used to stay in an old, creaking house that changed its shape with the season, at Vanross Junction, in Trivandrum. It was also the office of Deshabhimani of the undivided communist party .Every evening at around 7, my father would pick up the receiver of that old-fashioned, black, funereal phone (3271) and file his report to the head office in Calicut. And that's how kids in the family got to know news before it sort of officially happened next morning.Despite a natural talent for misery, I found the days exciting. Everything seemed to be happening towards an end. There seemed a direction to the fall and spin of events. Charismatic leaders like EMS, MN Govindan Nair and A K Gopalan, actors like Sathyan and Nazir, and a whole bunch of spiffy writers like Uroob, Thakazhi and VKN trooped in and out of my father's study.I had this proud feeling that all of us kids, despite being backbench revolutionaries at one of the politically rowdiest schools in the neighbourhood, were right in the middle of the formative years of Kerala's culture and politics.Put it all down to delusions born of naivete \u00e2\u20ac\u201d or innocence, if you are of a charitable disposition. But one thing you couldn't take away from the drift of the project: Kerala was going somewhere. It was on the road, on the move, and to a terminus, a destination.Now, don't ask me to spell out that destination. I don't know. Certainly there was an air of great promise about it, as reflected in the movies and plays of that time, a sense of Utopia, conjured partly from the magic of its great writers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d novelists and poets who lived their words \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who had a say in the way the place was run, and partly the result of the exhilarating exhalations of a bunch of gifted left-ofcentre political leaders who were intellectuals in their own right. I suppose it was a mood-altering mix of imagination and incorruptible intellect.Fifty six milestones down that road, as a Malayali who has spent most of his adult life outside the jade garden, its backwaters infested with tourists, every second son of the soil abroad, every second street corner giving off toxic fumes from the potent waste of compulsive consumption, endemic gentrification \u00e2\u20ac\u201d house, car, wife, gold, old songs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the politics of polarisation, and, in keeping with the rest of the awful middlebrow republic, the death of the intellectual, I no longer see Kerala as a place I could return from vocations I once considered prodigal. It is just a vacation spot, which is more or less its official portrait of itself.How utterly indeed it has changed. The novelists write only to win awards, the politicians rule clueless about the world outside. And everybody is a poet. There is no one to blame, but the fact is that for a long time now Kerala's politics and culture have been acephalous. We have just no idea where we are going, simply because there is a vacuum of leadership. That crisis has strange manifestations. Most glaringly it shows in the general attitude of the CPM, which once was redeemed by its intellectual zeal and a certain visionary courage. Those qualities have now deteriorated to a universal intolerance to criticism and an intellectual inertia which can be only categorised as breath-taking. 'No woman I know is happy with her lot in Kerala'When was the last time Pinarayi Vijayan or V S Achuthanandan came up with an insight that startled us all into admiration?No woman I know is happy with her lot in Kerala. In my experience, women who spend a few years outside the state dread going back.What's the party's official position, for example on feminist liberation, a movement that has more or less run its course in the west, but is historically still relevant in the third world? In fact, the rise of feminism here is a failure of the party to practice its original inclusivism.Again, what's their position on Tibet? When was the last time our leaders wrote an article that rose above the expediency of local politics and showed to their people where the Kerala project had gone off the rail and how to put it back on track? Compare, just for the cruel irony of it, the two with the theoretical contributions of an EMS or a Damodaran.Mikhail Bulgakov's The Master and Margarita is a bewildering novel written in the bleak Stalinist years of repression. He wrote it between 1928 and 1940, and died soon after. The novel was published in the '60s, thanks to a sleight of sight by the Khrushchevian establishment. It begins with the Devil weaving himself out of the sunlight on a balmy day in Moscow.The novel is an exhausting mix of the burlesque and beastly. There is no explanation for anything. Not for the comedy, not for the violence. No one is in control, not even the Devil. Kerala is not Bulgakov's Moscow.It doesn't snow in Cochin, for example. But as you can see, 56 years down, there is no dearth of clowns, or commissars. The moot question is who will have the last laugh, 44 years from now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17040763", "title": "Swift stolen on NH-8", "text": "GURGAON: Vehicle lifters stole a Swift car from a Rajasthani taxi driver at gunpoint on NH-8 late on Tuesday night. The car thieves were in a Wagon-R car. A case has been registered with the Bilaspur police station.The incident took place in front of Samrat Hotel near Bilaspur Chowk. The victim, Girander Singh, is a resident of Nagaur in Rajasthan and works as a taxi driver with a Jaipur-based tour and taxi services agency.Around 1am on Wednesday when he was returning to Jaipur after dropping a passenger in Delhi, a Wagon-R overtook his car.\"When he stopped his car, four armed robbers took him hostage at gunpoint. One of them snatched the car key and pushed him out of the car and fled with the car,\" said the victim.\"We have lodged an FIR under Section 392 of IPC and the Arms Act against four unidentified armed robbers,\" said Babu Lal, SHO, Bilaspur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17041141", "title": "Infant mortality rate comes down in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The infant mortality rate (IMR) in the state has come down from 55 per 1000 live births to 52 per 1000 live births, says the recently released Sample Registration Survey (SRS), 2011, conducted by the Registrar General of India.The IMR in the state has reduced by 3 points over the last one year, which is equal to the amount of decrease in the IMR in the country. As per the SRS 2010, the IMR in the state was 55 per 1,000 live births. Also, the IMR in India was 47 as per SRS 2010 but it has come down to 44 according to the survey released in October.An official of health department said that they have become successful in reducing IMR in the state by 3 points because of various schemes launched by the state government to improve maternal and infant healthcare services which include Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna.But, Rajasthan is still one among few states which have higher IMR in comparison to the national average which is now 44 deaths per 1000 live births. The other states which have higher IMR than the national average are Madhya Pradesh with 59, UP and Odisha with 57. Assam , Chhattisgarh and Meghalaya have also have IMR above national average.The health department has a daunting task ahead in bringing down the IMR as the Centre has assigned 'difficult' targets. As per the approved state programme implementation plan 2012-13, the Centre has laid out goals and service delivery targets specifically for the state's health department, under which the health department has been given the targets to reduce IMR to 37 by the end of 2012-13. The Centre has set target for the state government to reduce IMR to 25 per 1000 live births by the end of 2014-15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040895", "title": "Chandigarh municipal corporation has some special plans for Children\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The arts, sports and culture committee of the Chandigarh municipal corporation on Wednesday decided to celebrate Children's Day in Sector-22 Nehru Park on November 14.As a part of the celebrations, MC will conduct various competitions, including fancy dress, declamation and painting. The committee members said, \"Pt Nehru's birthday was chosen for the celebration because of his love and passion for children.The day will be marked with a variety of activities for children, but the fact remains that only a section of the country's children actually have an opportunity to celebrate their existence.\" The committee members added, \"There is an entire populace of youngsters who are left ignored on this special day. So MC plans to invite children from colonies and sectors to celebrate the day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039973", "title": "'Rs 6.89 cr seized money belongs to MGF'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Dinesh Jain, a close associate of Emaar- MGF MD Shravan Gupta, has told the CBI that the Rs 6.89 crore money seized by Enforcement Directorate (ED) from his Delhi residence in December 2009 indeed belonged to MGF group. The CBI officials, who are investigating into Emaar scam, took Jain as their witness in the case and recorded his statement since they are suspecting that this money was part of the Emaar scam money siphoned off from Emaar- APIIC project in Hyderabad.The Emaar scam has resulted in huge loss to AP state and its infrastructure wing, APIIC, and unduly enriched unscrupulous private players and unauthorized brokers at the cost of the state exchequer. In his statement before the CBI, Dinesh Jain, described himself as a property broker and claimed that he was engaged by Shravan Gupta as MGF group's property broker in the year 2000. M/s MGF Developments Ltd, Emaar- MGF Land Ltd, M/s VMR Promoters Pvt Ltd etc - all are part of MGF group of companies belonging to Shravan Gupta.Narrating the sequence of events as to how the Rs 6.89 crore reached his house, Jain stated that M/s VMR Promoters Pvt Ltd, one of the MGF group companies, developed a mall called 'Market Place' in Delhi and all the commercial space in the said mall was sold to different buyers. In the year 2009, Jain said, VMR Promoters wanted to buy back all the space in order to lease it out to big retailers like Reliance, Wall Mart etc. To facilitate the buy back, VMR sent me an amount of Rs 6 crore in November 2009, he said adding that he did not know who delivered this cash since he was not in house at that time.\"Later, the ED sleuths raided my house on December 3, 2012 and seized a cash of Rs 6.89 crore from me along with some gold items,\" Dinesh Jain said. \"I have not requested the ED to return the said amount to me yet,\" he said. \"However, I made a request to the income tax authorities while filing my 2010- 2011 to deduct proportional tax from my declared annual income of Rs 89.5 lakh and refund the remaining amount. I have not yet received any communication from the I-T authorities on this,\" Jain said.Jain in his statement said that he visited Hyderabad Emaar project in 2007 along with several other brokers and was in touch with Emaar-MGF officials like Srikant Joshi, M K Singh and Vijaya Raghav etc. \"During the course of my business for MGF, I used to collect cheques and DDs from the prospective buyers towards initial payment for the properties booked by them. I would hand over the cheques to the concerned heads of the companies. Since MGF came into picture, all transactions were done through cheques and DDs. I was paid a commission of 3% to 5% for the business done and I earned an amount of Rs 7 to 8 crore per annum as brokerage,\" Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17041365", "title": "Schools remove rare species\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 specimen from labs", "text": "LUDHIANA: Schools affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) are quite busy these days. After receiving a third notification a few days ago that bans the use of rare species' specimen in laboratories, the institutes are making sure that nothing \"objectionable\" is found in their biology labs during a surprise check by CBSE officers.The school principals have been told to discontinue the use of specimens of rare, threatened plants and animals kept in science laboratories or classrooms for teaching and learning process.Now, to ensure lessons are as informative as before, many schools are going for virtual teaching. Anuja Kaushal, head of the biology department at BCM school, Shastri Nagar, says, \"We stopped dissections after receiving the CBSE directives two years ago. And after the recent notification, we removed hundreds of specimens from the school labs. We now hold virtual classes to make biology interesting.\"Ekansh Sharma, 15, a resident of Civil Lines, says, \"The smart classes are helping me learn dissection, but I wish to actually perform it in the lab.\" Suman Arora, principal of Tagore Public School, Aggar Nagar, says, \"Our labs do not have any of the endangered species. If we need any of the samples, we make sure we leave out the threatened plant and animal species.\"Gurmant Kaur Gill, principal of Guru Nanak International School, says, \"We do not use specimen of banned species. At times, we use cockroaches for dissection. And for the heart dissection for Class XII, we get goat's heart from a meat shop.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041965", "title": "Patients at government hospitals dodge puddles and floating trash", "text": "V Santhanam's hands shook as he wrapped a polythene bag round his leg before wading through the water-filled path to the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital on Wednesday.\"I asked the auto driver to take me right to the entrance of the hospital, but he demanded more money, so I got down and decided to walk,\" said the 72-year-old , who lost his leg in a road accident. \"The last time I came here, it was raining heavily and I had to sit on the floor in the corridor to meet the doctor,\" he said.As the city braced for cyclone Nilam, patients in hospitals had many hurdles to cross. Apart from waterlogged roads leading to hospitals, the corridors in many hospitals were flooded. At the KMCH, people huddled together as they tried to evade water that snaked into the wards through the windows.While hospital authorities claimed a lot of infrastructure improvement had been made since the last monsoon, they admitted that there was a lot more to be done. A senior official said the ground level has been raised, drains constructed and pumps put in place to drain out excess water. \"But there is definitely more to be done. Several of our ongoing works have been stalled because of the rain,\" he said.Apart from stagnant water that welcome patients, piles of construction debris, open sewers and floating garbage added to the problems of patients and others.The scene at the children's hospital in Egmore, Stanley Medical College and Hospital, Government General Hospital and Government Royapettah Hospital was the same.From dealing with poor infrastructure to draining out excess water, officials had their hands full. \"We are doing everything to mitigate flooding to prevent threats of infection. The public works department, Chennai Metrowater and Chennai Corporation are working in tandem to ensure this,\" said C Vamsadhara, director of medical education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041822", "title": "Distress signals of crew ignored", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as a sailor drowned and at least five crew of a grounded vessel went missing when their lifeboat capsized off Chennai during an attempt to reach the shore, questions were raised about the absence of the Coast Guard and other maritime agencies from the scene.The lifeboat carrying 22 crew of MT Pratibha Cauvery, an Indianflagged tanker vessel, capsized in turbulent waters less than 100 metres from the shore, and fishermen helped rescue 17 of them. Four were in a serious condition and one, identified as Anand Mohan, was declared dead at a city hospital.Significantly, neither the Navy nor the Coast Guard came to the rescue of the stranded crew despite distress signals being sent out since 10am when the vessel broke away from its anchorage.Coast guard to deploy choppers for rescue operationsDespite a fleet of four advanced patrolling vessels and two choppers in Chennai, which is its eastern regional headquarters , the coast guard was unable to launch a search and rescue operation until late in the evening . The delay was attributed to poor visibility and wind conditions.The coast guard is expected to deploy choppers and two more inshore patrolling vessels on Thursday morning for search and rescue operations . But it may be a case of too little too late, said some surviving crew members. \"The ship started drifting since morning. We called Coast Guard, Navy and the vessel owners seeking immediate help as the engines were not working. Finally we had no choice other than launching the life boats to reach the shore before the cyclone hit the coast,\" said a crew member who was rescued and taken to a private hospital in Adyar. It is likely that there was panic on board due to stormy weather on Wednesday and the absence of response from maritime agencies.However, some experts questioned the need for the crew to abandon the vessel since it had already beached and was unlikely to capsize. Pratibha Cauvery, a 1981-model Japanese built vessel , has a gross register tonnage (GRT) of 16,949.The 174-metre-long tanker had started to drift towards the shore due to gusty winds with 37 sailors on board around noon and was grounded about 200 metres from shore at around 2.30 pm.The tanker had run out of fuel and had no power either for the last two days. It had docked in the outer anchorage in Chennai three weeks ago after the owner failed to pay the crew's wages. The oil tanker had no cargo on board and Mumbai was its next destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17041006", "title": "Nashik bird lover to take care of crippled ibis", "text": "NASHIK: A male black ibis, injured by a Chinese manja,was rescued by a city bird-lover, Shekhar Gaikwad, who has now decided to care for the bird as its wing had to be amputated following the mishap.The incident occurred in the afternoon on October 29, when the male black ibis struggled to disentangle itself from the manja, near the Upanagar post office.Far from succeeding to free itself, the ibis' right wing was seriously injured in the process. While some locals tried to rescue it, the bird, had, in the meanwhile, also broken its right leg due to constantly struggling to get rid of the glass-laden thread. \"The ibis was initially hanging from a tree but latter fell down near the post office. The wing came off and it developed a crack in its bone. Stray dogs tried to attack it but the employees of the post office protected the bird and called up the Upnagar police chowky. The police called a snake-lover who, in turn, called me. I took the bird to the veterinary polyclinic at Ashok Stambh,\" Gaikwad said.Veterinary doctor Sanjay Gaikwad who treated the bird said that the main bone near the wing was fractured.\"After examining the ibis we found that the wing was very badly injured and it had to be amputated.Friends of snakes and animal lovers Anant Wale and Piyush Ramsinghani helped Dr Gaikwad during the operation. After amputation and dressing, the bird was kept for observation for two hours till it became fully conscious.Considering the crippled state of the bird, Shekar Gaikwad volunteered to take life-long care of bird. \"The bird is fine after being operated upon. Chinese manja is truly a very dangerous string,\" Dr Sanjay Gaikwad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17040097", "title": "Small fire guts Candolim bar", "text": "CALANGUTE A fire in Candolim on Wednesday afternoon destroyed the property of an about-to-open bar and restaurant on the busy Candolim-Calangute road. No one was hurt.The fire started at around 12.30 pm in the back portion of the Julia general store at Escrivaowado, opposite Lawande supermarket, and was first noticed by the landlady. Sources said that the owners were about to start a bar and restaurant. The fire allegedly started due to an electric short-circuit.The Pilerne fire brigade received a call at 1.02pm following which they rushed to the spot. The fire was brought under control within 20 minutes. Fire officer Namdeo Dhargalkar told TOI that the fire caused damage of around 1.5 lakh, while they managed to save items worth 3 lakh. The owner, Carmine Pereira, told TOI she estimates the damage at around 3 lakh.Candolim panchayat member Lourenco Fernandes was one of the first to rush to the spot along with other neighbours to try and put off the fire. The damaged items included two cupboards with liquor bottles, some tyres, speakers, table-cloths, bed-sheets and some furniture and roofing sheets. Fire brigade officials said that the fire spread quickly because of some plastic bottles with petrol which were also stored there.Fire tenders from Mapusa and Panjim also rushed to the spot, but the Pilerne fire tender had brought the fire under control by the time they arrived. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041346", "title": "Lucknow University VC term ends, none to succeed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Suspense continues over who will be the next vice-chancellor of Lucknow University. With just a day left for the Lucknow University vice-chancellor Prof MK Mishra to end his three-year term, talks doing the rounds are a bureaucrat would be appointed to the post next.Teachers in the university are anxious to know who their next boss would be as Governor, who is Chancellor of state universities, has yet to announce name of the new V-C. Usually, the selection process is completed a month in advance and the name of the new incumbent is announced a week before the term of outgoing V-C ends. In this case, even though a search committee was constituted, no name has come to fore till now.Speculations are rife Governor may appoint as the new V-C a serving IAS officer due to retire in March. Till then, governor can give officiating V-C charge to senior most professor of the university. There are talks that the governor is not in favour of appointing a V-C since he is not holding a permanent position.Sources revealed the delay in appointment was due to governor being out of town for several days this month. The decision to appoint a bureaucrat as V-C may fall in place since the University Grants Commission (UGC) has relaxed norms for appointment of V-C and paved way for a non-academician to hold the post.The prospect of a bureaucrat heading the university is not going down well with the teachers. President Lucknow University Teachers' Association (LUTA) Vinod Singh said, \"Only a person from academics will be able to run the university better. Past experience should not be linked with the current selection of the V-C. We request the governor not to appoint a non-academic person our V-C.''Who will hold the position now will be clear in a day or two. The term of Prof Mishra, who joined the university on November 2, 2009, will end on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040577", "title": "Delhi University exam forms on sale till Nov 7", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following protests, the last date for submission of Delhi University examination forms for semester exams has now been extended to Wednesday, November 7.D S Jaggi, controller of examinations, said, \"This is to inform you that the last date of submission of examination forms for under-graduate semester I, III and V examinations and post-graduate as well as ex-students to be held in November/December 2012 has been extended up to Wednesday, 7th November. You are requested to kindly notify to all concern[ed] so that pending cases are disposed of within the stipulated date,\" says the notification from Jaggi, posted on October 31.Students say the Delhi University Students' Union's Varun Khari had also taken up the issue with the authorities on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17040080", "title": "Griha Aadhar 'test' for women", "text": "MAPUSA: Women queueing up to avail benefits of the Griha Aadhar scheme are facing severe hardships to fill up the relevant forms in the taluka offices of the directorate of women and child development at Pernem and Bardez during the last four days.Sources informed TOI that although several hundred women formed long queues by standing under the hot sun without food, because of the lack of trained staff only around 200 forms are filled up each day.The government has launched its second social security scheme for women, Griha Aadhar, which will provide a monthly benefit of 1,000 to housewiveshomemakers from the middle and lower middle and poor sections of society, to maintain a reasonable standard of living for their families in the face of rising inflation.The disbursement of applications started on October 24 and till October 26 only around 500 applications were filled at the Bardez office. Sources informed that in the chaos and confusion one pregnant women fainted and she had to be taken to the new district hospital at Peddem. Police were also seen at the site to manage the long queue of women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040516", "title": "Ward committees fail to make impact", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was the BJP which pushed for the formation of resident ward committees (RWC) in the erstwhile MCD. For the party, this was the best way to connect with lakhs of residents before the municipal elections in April. But a year after the formation of 272 RWCs, members say, most committees are defunct. Also, ruling BJP has not kept its promise of separate fund for RWCs.Post-trifurcation, most councillors in the three corporations have not held meeting with RWC members. Most councilors have sanctioned development projects for their wards, but RWCs claim they were not consulted. \"Post-trifurcation, councillors are not consulting RWCs while make decisions regarding on development of their wards,'' said Atul Goyal, convener of URJA, which played an vital role in the formation of RWCs.URJA members say that of the 272 wards, less than 60 councillors actively discuss ward related problems with RWC members. To encourage RWCs, the ruling BJP had decided that RWCs will have to submit minutes of the monthly meeting to mayor. \"But after the formation of new corporation, they have discontinued the exercise. RWCs are not taken seriously,\" said Goyal.With dengue cases on a rise, members say, RWCs could have helped the corporations in creating awareness about the disease. \"But the BJP didn't make use of the RWC network,'' he said.While Congress councillors are opposing the RWCs, there are several BJP councillors who are yet to hold a meeting. North Delhi Municipal Corporation's mayor Mira Aggarwal has not held a single meeting of the RWC. \"We have requested her several times, but she has not given us any time for the meeting,'' said K L Sharma, convener of RWC. Aggarwal was not available for comment.Erstwhile MCD has allocated Rs 34 crore for the RWCs. But post-trifurcation, newly formed corporations have not allocated funds for RWCs. A nominal amount of Rs 1.35 crore has been allocated for routine works of RWCs. \"They have not release any fund for the RWCs. The civic agencies should encourage participation of residents,'' said Goyal.BJP councilors blame shortage of fund and trifurcation for this. \" There are a lot of first-time councillors. Most of them are not aware about RWCs,'' said V P Pandey, deputy chairman, Standing committee, North Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17041698", "title": "Dharani fest from today", "text": "KOCHI: It is going to be four days of music and dance from Thursday. As Dharani presents the Dharani Kalotsav '12, stalwarts from across the country would turn the event into a feast for the art lovers of Kochi.Kerala Fine Arts Hall would play host to the festival, starting with 'Chitrangada' an Odissi dance-drama which portrays the perfect woman who personifies love, courage and substance. It would be presented by Ranjana Gauhar and group on Thursday. Conceptualized by Rabindranath Tagore, it tells the story of Chitrangada, the warrior princess of Manipur.The following day would see a 'flute concert by Shashank on Carnatic ragas, and this musician from Chennai will enthrall the audience with his virtuosity, combining innate talent and training. 'Bharatanatyam' by Purnima Ashok and group is scheduled for Saturday.'Amrythm' by K V Prasad and group will hold their spectacular Thanjavur style mridangam concert on Sunday, to bring an end to the spectacular festival of arts. An acclaimed percussionist, Prasad from Chennai will bring to Kochi the intricate rhythm of the instrument.The inauguration of the event will be attended by Justice K T Thomas, and V P Dhananjayan and Shantha Dhananjayan. The programmes will be held at 6:45pm every day.Dharani has been organizing the festival for the tenth year, promising to give Kochi a four-day artistic feast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040449", "title": "Train derails near Palwal, railway schedule hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The derailment of a goods train near Palwal in Haryana and early morning smog disrupted the schedules of more than 30 trains entering and leaving the capital. The derailment was reported around 1.10 am on Wednesday. Northern Railway sources said the engine and a coach of the goods train had derailed due to technical reasons but no one was injured. Of the three rail lines at Palwal station, the first was restored at 5.10 am. The other two were cleared for use around 10.55 am.Five trains \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ferozepur-Mumbai Express, Chhattisgarh Express, Swarn Jayanti Express, Udyan Abha Toofan Express and Amritsar-Mumbai Golden Temple Express \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were diverted on the Ghaziabad-Tundla-Agra section while six, including the Agra-Palwal passenger and Mathura-Ghaziabad passenger, were cancelled.The schedule of six trains \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including Niazamuddin-Coimbatore Express, Hazrat Nizamuddin-Ernakulam Mangla Express and Nizamuddin-Yashwantpur Karnataka Express \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were rescheduled. Local EMU services were the worst hit and people were forced to use buses. Severe jams were reported in the morning from the Old Faridabad area.Railways have decided to use more than 500 fog safety devices for trains to tackle fog this winter. Northern Railway has already acquired most of these devices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17042259", "title": "Delhiites to undergo crash course on cardiopulmonary resuscitation today", "text": "NEW DELHI: With around 7.5 lakh people dying of sudden cardiac arrests every year in India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 80% of these emergencies occurring outside a hospital setting \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Delhiites will now get a crash course on the life-saving chest compressions or hands-only cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), an emergency medical procedure for a victim of cardiac arrest, on Thursday.Nearly one lakh people in the national Capital will be trained in CPR by the Heart Care Foundation of India by December, 2014.For every minute that a cardiac arrest victim does not receive CPR, his chances of survival drops by 10%. An effective CPR from a bystander can double a victim's chances of surviving a cardiac arrest. Some doctors say less than 1% Indians know CPR.Doctors say cardiac death is reversible in the first 10 minutes. In this period, the brain remains alive even though the heart and respiration have stopped.Cardiologist Dr K K Aggarwal from the Heart Care Foundation said the first 10 minutes are crucial and it is not possible for bystanders to take a victim to a hospital or call a doctor in the time frame available. The only option for the bystanders is to try and save the person by attempting CPR. While several countries across the world are training the aam aadmi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in schools, colleges and even work places \u00e2\u20ac\u201d about CPR, the World Heart Federation says the knowledge is abysmally low in India.Doctors from the Foundation added, \"The technique is based on the formula of 10 created by the Foundation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d within 10 minutes of death, for the next 10 minutes, compress effectively and continuously the center chest of the victim with a speed of 100 per minutes. With this up to 80% victims of heart attack can be revived.\" On an average, a doctor spends 12 minutes conducting the CPR to save a patient of cardiac arrest. But a Lancet study announced on Wednesday says that increasing CPR to 30 minutes - very seldom done by doctors can actually save more patients.Researchers announced on Wednesday that patients at hospitals with longer resuscitation attempts, on average, have higher survival rates.Practitioners are often reluctant to perform longer attempts - those that can last 30 minutes or longer - because they believe that if patients do not survive early on during cardiac arrest, their overall prognosis is poor.Several of the city's top cardiologists and cardiac surgeons from the most popular hospitals told TOI that they are ready to teach common people on how to carry out a CPR.Chairman of Medanta Medicity and cardiac surgeon Naresh Trehan told TOI that his hospital would be glad to teach common people the art of CPR. \"If Resident Welfare Associations of Delhi put together teams of 30-40 people, we can teach them CPR in a few hours with demonstrations and hands-on experience for free,\" Trehan said.He added, \"CPR is invaluable. If a person receives CPR within five minutes of collapsing, his or her chances of survival without any effect to the brain are 70%. If there is nobody around who knows CPR, chances of the person's survival are just 30%. Therefore, it will do tremendous good if students are taught CPR.\"The American Heart Association's (AHA) latest advisory says that all high school students should be trained in CPR.Dr Ashok Seth, chairman of Escorts Heart Centre, said students would be more willing to come forward and help if they see someone collapsing but will also feel good about saving lives without being a doctor.\"We have an AHA accreditated life support programme that goes to crowded places to teach general public ways of delivering emergency life support and CPR. We would be happy to send our teams to schools and colleges to teach students CPR if the school authorities agree,\" Dr Seth said.Dr Sujay Shad, cardiac surgeon at Sir Gangaram Hospital, said the brain begins to experience non-reversible damage only two minutes after the heart stops beating. \"Simply put, the sooner blood is forced through the body by means of chest compressions, the better the chance of survival. Unless you are trained in this simple but critical skill, there is little you can do. An arrest can occur after a heart attack.\"In such case, the victim still has ample air in the lungs and blood, and chest compressions keep blood flowing to the brain, heart and other organs. Bystander CPR has made a huge difference in the West in helping cardiac arrest patients,\" Dr Shad added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041371", "title": "Burglars strike in Dalibagh Colony", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even the VIP areas in the city are not safe from burglars. A flat of a senior official in the Dalibagh Officers' Colony, adjacent to the state police chief's office, was burgled when he had gone out of station for a few days.Vinay Kumar Srivastava, a resident of house number 4/3 at Dalibagh officers colony, situated barely 200 metres from the DGP office, had gone out with his family members for two weeks' holiday. When Srivastava returned home, he found his house burgled. The thieves, after breaking in the house made away with cash and jewellery, which had been kept safely by the family in an almirah.From the scene of the crime, it appeared that the act was handiwork of an organised gang which operates in the city. The thieves, according to the police, knew for sure that the family was away and hand rummaged through the cuboards at leisure. The thieves had smartly broken the locks of the rooms within the compound of the house, but did not fiddle with the lock which was put up at the main door.Srivastavas were shocked to see their belongings spread on the floor and their home ransacked. The incident was reported to the Hazratganj police on Wednesday. Cash worth Rs 30,000 and jewelleries including gold and silver chains, rings, anklets, earings and bracelets were missing from the house.Srivastava works as registration officer with the culture department. Interestingly, the thieves also took away mobile phone and vehicle registration papers. \"We suspect that the act was committed by an insider and are carrying out investigations,\" said Manoj Bhadauria, the police official working on the case.\"This colony has become absolutely unsafe,\" said Anuradha Mishra, a resident of the colony \"doors of the houses are dilapidated and walls in bad shape. Streetlights are seldom switched on and there is hardly any night security despite the presence of DGP office in the vicinity. This colony is often on target of burglars as the nearby Lohia Path provides them an easy escape route. Some times back, two cars were lifted from our apartment.\"Just earlier in the week, the city police had caught a gang of thieves who used to identify locked homes while loafing around in the day and struck in the night. The thieves used to strike in the wee hours. Needless to say, prime areas in the city are among the first ones to go quiet in the night in the absence of public or traffic hustle bustle. With winter season around the corner, the police will now have to keep extra vigil to check on house break-ins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17039341", "title": "4 dead, 5 missing as cyclone Nilam hits Tamil Nadu, Andhra", "text": "CHENNAI: Cyclone Nilam crashed into Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh on Wednesday evening, bringing heavy showers and gusty winds but causing far less destruction than many feared, with superstorm Sandy and its aftermath still playing out. One sailor was killed and five were feared dead after a large oil tanker beached off the Chennai coast as the cyclone churned the sea waters. At least three people were killed in Andhra Pradesh where heavy rain and gale lashed the coastal districts.The powerful cyclone made landfall between Mamallapuram (55km from Chennai) and Kalpakkam at 4pm, but preceding the storm, strong winds with speeds of up to 80kmph triggered huge waves and chaos across the city.The captain of the oil tanker, MT Pratibha Cauvery, ordered sailors to abandon ship after the vessel lost anchor and drifted within 50 metres of Besant Nagar beach, where it ran aground at 2.30pm and appeared to be in imminent danger of sinking.A sailor said 22 crew members attempted to head for shore in a lifeboat. The overloaded vessel capsized in the choppy waters. With the Coast Guard nowhere in sight, fishermen attempted to rescue the sailors but could bring only 16 of them ashore. Rescuers recovered the body of one sailor around 7.30pm.Met officials said the cyclone, which started as a low pressure trough more than 10 days ago over the Andaman and Nicobar Islands , rapidly dissipated after it crossed the coast and headed northwest towards Andhra Pradesh. The cyclone had been stationary through Tuesday night off the northeastern Sri Lankan coast near Trincomalee, but intensified early Wednesday morning and headed for the Tamil Nadu coast near Chennai.In Chennai, powerful gusts of wind uprooted more than 200 trees and 50 electricity poles, blocking off many localities for several hours as corporation staff and policemen struggled to clear the roads. The electricity board cut power supply in most parts of Chennai for up to eight hours as a precaution. Schools and colleges in Chennai, which have been closed since Monday, will not reopen till Friday.Before the storm made landfall, authorities evacuated nearly 4,000 people in Mamallapuram and moved them to relief centres. Government offices and many private organizations closed at 3pm to reduce traffic congestion.The cyclone brought little rain to the city, which recorded only 4mm rainfall through Wednesday, though there were showers in the southern districts. \"Radar imaging shows little clouding over Chennai, but the situation could change at any time,\" said IMD deputy director-general Y E A Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040664", "title": "Hospitals report dengue cases from all over Pune", "text": "PUNE: Dengue fever has been reported from all over the city as per the latest report of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). Hadapsar, Dhole Patil road and Aundh areas have reported the highest number of dengue cases so far followed by localities falling in Sangamwadi, Ahmednagar Road, Ghole Road, Bibvewadi and Kothrud ward offices. All the 14 ward offices across the city are reporting positive cases.\"Our officials analysed the data of all the dengue cases reported from among the residents of Pune city. We did not consider patients who were not local residents and had come to Pune for treatment. We found that areas falling in Hadapsar, Dhole Patil road and Aundh had maximum number of dengue cases, followed by areas in other ward offices,\" said Vaishali Jadhav, head of the insect control department, PMC.The city reported a total of 469 dengue cases between January and October 31. \"Among them, only 259 dengue patients were local residents belonging to different parts of Pune city. The rest were from outside the municipal limits of the PMC,\" she added.Favourable climactic conditions, accumulation of water, increasing construction activity, piling up of garbage, lack of public awareness vis-a-vis personal anti-mosquito measures and inadequate mosquito management have aggravated the situation.Jadhav said, \"There are 14 ward offices in Pune city. Dengue cases have so far been seen in all the ward offices that cover the entire city. However, there is no need to panic. Our health staff has been pressed into controlling the spread. People need to be careful and vigilant. It is vital to tackle mosquito breeding sites to prevent dengue.\"\"Proper solid waste disposal and improved water storage practices, including covering containers to prevent access to egg-laying female mosquitoes, should be followed,\" she said.\"Our health staff had surveyed over 1.91 lakh households with a population of 10.37 lakh during a recent three-day survey. We collected 1,471 blood samples of people who were down with fever and 7,610 people with mild fever were given medicines as a precautionary step,\" Jadhav said.\"A total of 1,283 of the 3.10 lakh containers were found to have breeding spots that means the city's container index is 0.4%,\" Jadhav said. The parameter of container index - which is the percentage of containers where larvae are found - is used to find out the presence of disease-causing mosquitoes. Container index above 10% is considered high and problematic.S T Pardeshi, head of the health department, PMC, said, \"Precautionary measures are being taken in slums, with insecticides being sprayed at mosquito-breeding sites. But since the mosquito, aedes aegypti, which spreads dengue, breeds in fresh water, it is imperative for every household to observe one day a week as 'dry day', when all utensils and tanks are emptied and cleaned. This is an effective measure at the domestic level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040769", "title": "Govt agencies to pay BMC for trash removal", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic administration has agreed to lift garbage from government agencies like MbPT and the Railways and charge them for the same.The decision was announced at the standing committee meeting on Wednesday after Shiv Sena corporator Trushna Vishwasrao raised a point of order that garbage was not being lifted in a timely manner from residential reas. Congress corporator Asif Zakaria, too, stressed on the issue of garbage collection in the H(west) ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041539", "title": "Road rage has Ranchi youth in its grip", "text": "RANCHI: The craze for two wheelers is increasing among the youth here. Young boys can be seen riding bikes at 100 kmph early in the mornings and late at nights. Even in the daytime, they are seen speeding at 60 kmph on busy roads leaving pedestrians petrified. Vinod Jha, a retired banker, said, \"When I step out for morning walks, young boys rush past me at high speed.\"They are least bothered about adhering to road rules and drive past traffic constables at full speed. B K Lal, a traffic constable, said, \"At times, we feel helpless. These boys rush past us jumping signals. They drive at such a speed that we are unable to note the number plate and inform the constable at the next post.\"Boys say there is no fun in riding if without speed. Ravish, a 22-year-old college student, said, \"It's all about letting the wind hit your face and feeling the surge of adrenaline when you race with your friends. I know I can control my vehicle so I ride at a high speed.\"Traffic SP Chandrashekhar Prasad said, \"In most road accident cases, the victims are young boys who are addicted to rash driving. These boys should understand the value of their life and also of others. We can not do much to stop these people as it is all about self control and discipline. Parents should make them understand as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040271", "title": "University officers threaten stir against government's decision", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh State University Officers Association (MPSUOA) has opposed the trend of sending the state administrative service officers on deputation to the universities in the state. The association has warned the state government that if the trend continued, its members would go on strike from January 1.Barkatullah University's registrar and the association president Dr Sanjay Tiwari told reporters that the trend of allowing state government officers on deputation in universities will create several issues in the near future.\"Universities have separate State University Services (SUS) cadre which includes assistant registrar, deputy registrars and registrars. The cadre of SUS officers is very small but are more capable of handling university matters,\" Dr Tiwari said.Questioning the government decision of appointing a state administrative service officer on the post of exam controller in universities, Dr Tiwari said, \"SUS officers have better experience and expertise in handling exam issues. We were selected specifically for the purpose of university services. In such situation, sending state officers and college faculties on deputation in the university is nothing but to harm our position.\"Demanding an increase in the SUS cadre, Dr Tiwari said, \"We also demand to allow SUS officers to be posted as additional directors in state services.\"MPSUO's secretary B Bharti warned that the SUS officers will go on 'pen-down' strike from December 15. \"If our issues are not addressed, then the SUS officers will go on indefinite strike from January 1, next year,\" Bharti said.MPSUO also organized a meeting of SUS officers to chalk-out the course of action in Barkatullah University on Wednesday.Barkatullah University Teachers Association (BUTA) has already opposed the higher education department's recent decision of appointing a professor of Hamidia college on deputation in the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17042458", "title": "Soon, Hindi, English avatar of sound &amp; light show at Mysore Palace", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Palace Board is planning to launch the Hindi and English version of the Sound and Light (son et lumiere) soon.The Sound and Light show, commenced a year ago, attracts a large crowd to the Amba Vilas Palace. Currently, the Palace Board is getting ready to come up with Hindi and English versions while earlier it was presented in Kannada alone.Bollywood actor Om Puri has agreed to provide the background voice for both the Hindi and English versions. The recording will start from next month, said actor Jayanthi's son Krishna Kumar, who owns Innovative Lighting Institute.Though Palace Board approached actor Amitabh Bachchan to lend his voice, he refused. Apart from Om Puri, many other Bollywood actors are expected to lend their voices for the show, he said.Sandalwood actors Ramesh Aravind, Srinath, Anu Prabhakar, Mico Manju, C R Simha, Bhavana, Jayanthi, Srinivas Murthy and Sharath Lohitashwa have lent their voice for the Kannada version.The script is written by Lingadevaru Halemane. English and Hindi versions of the script have been passed over to scion of the Royal family Srikanta Datta Narasimharaja Wadiyar for inspection. Soon after getting his approval, the recording process will be taken up, said Palace Board deputy director T S Subramanya. Kannada version of the show received good response from visitors and is generating good revenue.Earlier when the Kannada version was launched, there were many controversies regarding the script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040253", "title": "Railways street play on corruption", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal division of the west central railways (WCR) organized a street play on corruption as a part of the on-going vigilance awareness week on Wednesday.The play, directed by Sanjay Sharma, was based on an Ashok Chakradhar poem on corruption. The ill effects of corruption and how to deal with the same were shown in the play.Prior to this, a meeting on vigilance awareness was addressed by senior deputy general manager (SDGM) WCR Ram Gopal. On this occasion, divisional railway manager (DRM) Rajiv Chaudhary and other officials were also present.Deputy chief vigilance officer Ashish Verma presented a power point presentation on goods management and tender process.DRM, Rajiv Chaudhary said that all the financial decisions made by the officials should be weighed against the pros and cons. This would help in curbing mistakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041522", "title": "Speed freaks purchase 5000 bikes every month", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand is experiencing the winds of change and this is evident from the number of two-wheelers on the roads. While riding on motorcycles are a style statement for many in the urban areas, for people in semi-urban and rural parts, two-wheelers mean brisk business.Manoj Gope (45), who supplies milk, feels that life would not have been the same without his two-wheeler, which he bought four years ago. \"If you have to earn more, buy a bike,\" he said.At 16%-17% annual growth, sales of two-wheelers in the state surpassed the national growth of 5%-6%, say industry sources. Vimal Singhania, proprietor of a Bajaj showroom in Ranchi, said the rural market has seen a high growth rate in the sale of two-wheelers.Hemant Jain, proprietor of a Hero MotoCorp showroom in the city, echoed similar sentiments. \"The market in rural areas is booming compared to the urban areas,\" said Jain.The growth is explained by the fact that automobile companies are doing hectic promotions in rural areas. Though companies refused to share sales statistics, they conceded that numbers have increased.With the construction of 3,000 km of roads under the Pradhanmantri Gram Sadak Yojna, connectivity has improved.According to a conservative estimate, Ranchi alone purchases around 5,000 bikes, including scooty and mopeds, every month. Around 70% of the economy-category bikes are sold in villages and 30% in urban areas. In the executive category, both rural and urban areas share 50% space. In the premium category, 70% sales are reported in urban areas.Sanjay Modi, proprietor of a TVS showroom in Ranchi, said the business would further grow if villagers get loans for two-wheelers. \"Unlike their urban counterparts, rural people don't get easy financiers. Most of them buy it with one-time payment. I hope financiers would realise the potential and help the buyers in villages,\" said Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17039828", "title": "Wasn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t happy with gas price hike: Mani Shankar Aiyar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar on Wednesday said he was not happy with the increase in gas price availed of by Reliance Industries Ltd ( RIL) even though none of these issues came to his table when he was in charge of the petroleum ministry.Aiyar, however, rubbished IAC activist Arvind Kejriwal's allegation that he was removed from the ministry under pressure from Reliance. He also said corporates were not influencing Cabinet postings and that it was the prerogative of the PM.Reacting to Kejriwal's allegations, Aiyar said, \"It would be wrong to jump to the conclusion that I was removed from the ministry under RIL's pressure. On the day I was removed, there were no issues of Reliance or of gas prices on my table. So that cannot be the reason behind my removal.\"However, when suggested that the price of gas was increased right after his removal, he said, \"I was personally not happy with the gas price rise (availed of by Reliance). But these are policy decisions and are a prerogative of the government.\"He, however, said IAC was presuming wrongdoing as all issues raised by S Jaipal Reddy were still valid and that new petroleum minister Veerappa Moily would have to address them.In a press conference on Wednesday, Kejriwal accused the government of doling out undue favours to Reliance and removing Aiyar and Reddy from the petroleum ministry because they resisted RIL's \"dadagiri\". He also alleged that their removal was linked to the increase in gas price favouring Reliance.While Reddy said he had not heard Kejriwal's comments and so could not react, Aiyar denied that industrialists influenced Cabinet postings. Aiyar said, \"PM has the right to choose his ministers, whatever portfolio has to be allotted. It's the prerogative of the PM. I was given the oil ministry temporarily. I was oil minister for 20 months. I don't think that any corporate house decided that I would become sports minister. I do not think anyone would have any interest in having me in panchayati raj.\"Reddy, on his part, said, \"I have not heard Kejriwal. I also have no documents (supporting the allegations). So, I cannot comment. I am now minister for science and technology. Ask me questions on that.\"During his press conference, Kejriwal said, \"In 2006, Mani Shankar Aiyar was removed and Murli Deora was brought in to increase RIL's capex from $2.39 billion to $8.8 billion and to increase gas price from $2.34 per mmbtu to $4.2 per mmbtu. It seems Mukesh Ambani runs the government, not Manmohan Singh . Both the Congress and the BJP are in Ambani's pocket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040358", "title": "Man held for posing as CBI officer had cheated many others", "text": "PUNE: The man arrested on Monday for posing as a CBI officer and stealing a mobile phone has been accused of stealing more phones in the same manner.The Sahakarnagar police on October 29 arrested Abhay Vinayak Bansode, 39, of Ahmednagar, after he had threatened a bank employee and his family on October 21 by posing as a CBI officer.Investigations have revealed that Bansode had stolen a cell phone worth Rs 6,500 from a house in Dhankawadi on October 23 using the same modus operandi. A complaint has been lodged by Pranjali Kailas Agarwal (25) of Durvankur society, Dhankawadi, with the Sahakarnagar police.In the earlier case, Bansode had told the banker Sunil Deshmukh's wife and mother that he will arrest Deshmukh for assisting one Swanand Farate in several fraud cases. Bansode had demanded Rs 30,000 from Deshmukh for not arresting him. Later, Bansode had snatched Deshmukh's cell phone before leaving the house.The Sahakarnagar police team led by police sub-inspector Bhagwan Bhosale arrested Bansode who has been remanded in police custody till November 1.During sustained interrogation, Bansode admitted to stealing a mobile from Agarwal's house. Bansode told Pranjali Agarwal that her husband Kailas was an associate of Swanand Farate who is involved in many fraud cases. Bansode then told Pranjali to connect him to her husband and spoke to him. He then asked Pranjali to get him a glass of water. When she went inside, he stole her cell phone. \"When Pranjali asked him about the cell phone, Bansode pretended that he had already given it to her. He said he is not a thief and left the house,\" said senior police inspector Kamalakar Takawale.Bansode is suspected to have been involved in more crimes of similar nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17041232", "title": "Blackout jitters in Kolkata: Cable operators vanish fearing attack", "text": "KOLKATA: At 5pm on Wednesday, bulk SMS by the information and broadcasting ministry flashed an ominous warning: \"Only a few hours remaining for cable TV digitization. Get your set-top box now; otherwise your TV will go blank. Contact your cable operator.\" But for frantic subscribers, the task proved extremely difficult with cable operators disappearing from the scene.\"The phones have been ringing incessantly since morning with subscribers wanting to know if transmission will really stop from Thursday. The operators did not know what to say, and hence, avoided calls,\" confided operator Somnath Gupta.Several others did not take the calls simply because they did not have set-top boxes to offer if the customer so demanded. While multi-system operators SitiCable and GTPL have 6-7 lakh set-top boxes at hand, the others have run out of stock.\"Had there been adequate supply of set-top boxes, 70-80% homes would have been digitized by now. But what can we do if boxes aren't available?\" shrugged Swapan Chowdhury of Cable Operators Digitization Committee, a forum that operators cobbled together in the eleventh hour to clarify their position, fearing an attack if analog signals indeed went off.Though the I&B; ministry is claiming 85% digitization in Kolkata, the dozen-odd MSOs that operate in Kolkata say the figure is around 55-60%. The 10,000-plus cable operators that do business in the Kolkata Metropolitan Area say it is even lower at 35%. They cite findings of two independent survey organizations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Media Partner Agency, Hong Kong and MSN India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to buttress their claim. The former has pegged digitization in Kolkata at 39%; the latter says it is 34%.While all broadcasters want digitization to be rolled out at the earliest to curb revenue loss as operators deliberately suppress subscriber count (industry revenue is expected to increase from Rs 25,700 per annum to Rs 110,000 crore), MSOs that have a larger ratio of digitized subscriber base and adequate stock of set-top boxes is in favour of an early roll-out. But others, particularly local players who did not have pockets deep enough to import set-top boxes in large numbers before they are seeded to reclaim part of the cost, have been praying for more time and lobbying with the state government to extend the deadline.\"Even in developed countries like the US, it has taken close to a decade to roll out digitization. That included grants to families to purchase set-top boxes. How can the government push for a switch in so little time? We are all in favour of digitization. But it has to happen in a practical manner,\" said an MSO official on conditions of anonymity.All along, a bulk of cable operators has been against the digitization roll-out as it will not only erode their fat income from under-declaration, the move also threatens to wipe out a big chunk that does not have the financial wherewithal to invest in the maintenance and upgrade of digital network. \"Under-declaration in cable industry is a reality. A decade ago, it was as high as 90% in some quarters. Now it is down to 25-30%. Though it may be illegal, it is because of this that the average cable rate in Kolkata is Rs 165 instead of Rs 300-350,\" said cable operator Bhola Das.Operators say the revenue sharing model announced by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 45 from Rs 100 charged for free-to-air channels and 35% of pay channel collection \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is unsustainable.The worst-affected though, is the consumer who has been openly receiving threats of a blackout. Yet, digitization is not just about the viewer's compulsion to purchase a set-top box but addressing his need to pay for what he views and not be charged arbitrarily. \"I have had a set-top box for nearly two years now, but have never been told about the package rates or price of individual channels,\" said Sushanta Kundu of Gariahat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17041030", "title": "Ludhiana gets superstorm\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s blow", "text": "LUDHIANA: Superstorm Sandy in the United States , which is expected to cause property damages worth $20 billion and loss of business worth $10 to $30 billion, has not only kept the Americans praying, but has raised concern among the exporters of the state. With material worth over Rs 450 crore at stake, the exporters are keeping a close eye on the developments, with a wish that the situation is normalized at the earliest.S C Ralhan, president, Ludhiana Tools Manufacturing Association and former regional chairman of the Engineering Exports Promotion Council of India, said, \"Material worth Rs 200-250 crore is exported from Punjab to USA every week, routed through the eastern coast and Atlanta . However, the disruption of the air services and the commercial shipping through sea-route has left the exporters in lurch.\"Ralhan said the exporters are surrounded by several concerns as the uncertainty on safe delivery of the already exported material and the ready-to-be-exported piling up material have kept city's export market in worries.\"It would not be an aberration to say that material worth over Rs 400-450 crore of city's exporters is at the mercy of the nature god. I just hope the storm causes no more destruction, but its effects will hamper business for at least a month,\" added Ralhan.Corroborating to the fact, president of Ludhiana Knitters Association Ajit Lakra said, \"Normally, the air cargo is utilized for immediate exports, whereas the shipment through sea route takes almost a month's time. The superstorm has affected and blocked exports by both the routes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d particularly through New York \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one of the most commercial points for imports and exports.\"The uncertainty on their consignments has affected the city traders without any idea about the losses, even as electricity and other facilities are repaired through out the airports and seaports in the affected area, said Lakra.The consignment sent by air causes manifold losses, he added. Vice-chairman CII Punjab State Council B L Sharma said, \"I would suggest the exporters use other ports that are unaffected by the storm for further shipment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041461", "title": "Trafficking victim rescued in Delhi doesn't want to return home", "text": "RANCHI: The 12-year-old girl is excited about going to school, studying there and making new friends. She went to school for the first time in her life on Monday.Hailing from Chaibasa in west Singhbhum district, the girl was taken to Delhi by Dulari mausi of her village with the promise that she would be given work and paid for it too, three years ago. With dreams in her eye, she headed for Delhi. Little did she know that soon her dreams would turn into a nightmare.Recounting her experience, she said, \"I was handed over to a placement agency by mausi and they sent me to work in a family in Delhi. The family members used to beat me. And there were days when I had to go without food. They never paid me either.\"Talking about how she managed to escape from their clutches, she added, \"Their relatives used to visit them at times and give me some money, Rs 10-20 or more. I used to save all the money and when I had collected Rs 500, I ran away from home and took a train to Ranchi.\"When she reached Ranchi, the girl was clueless about where to go. She was spotted by a resident of Kantatoli and handed over to an NGO, Diya Seva Sansthan.Member of the NGO, Baidyanath Kumar said, \"When she first came, she used to be petrified of everyone and was unable to tell us much about her family and home. Once she became comfortable, she gave us the details about her stay in Delhi and her family in Chaibasa. We have informed the BDO of her village about her and he is trying to locate her parents so that they can and take her.\"The girl, on the other hand, does not want to go home. \"I have made many friends here and I am learning to read and write. If I go home, my mother will again send me to work somewhere and I will not be able to study,\" she said. Puja has been admitted into government middle school Naveen Aarakshi on Kanke road. At present, she is living at the NGO.Not only the 12-year-old girl, but many other rescued girls do not want to go back home for fear of being sent to work. Bharti Khalkho (name changed) is one such girl. Rescued in March, Arti is now staying at the shelter home of an NGO.She said, \"It happened with me twice. I was sent to Delhi by my mother and the family used to beat me there. I managed to escape and come back home but my mother again sent me to work to Kolkata. I don't want to work. I want to study.\"Social worker, Sita Sanswi, who has been dealing with the rescued children who have been victims of trafficking said, \"The girls who are trafficked belong to very poor families and are sent to work in different states by their parents so that they can earn some money. In most of the cases, parents say that they have no other option as they cannot afford to keep the child at home and arrange for their food.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040903", "title": "Dengue continues to sting,eight new cases reported", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite a fall in temperature, dengue cases continue to be reported in the city. Eight more cases of the deadly sting were reported on Wednesday, taking the total count for this season to 260 confirmed cases.Meanwhile, the malaria wing of health department has strengthened field activities for prevention and control of the vector-borne disease. The department has intensified house-to-house survey while checking 11,815 hoses, 6,203 coolers, 2,255 water containers in the past week. Subsequently, 89 notices were served to violators. Anti larval activity was also done in all rural areas, villages and slums. Additionally, appropriate control measures, including indoor spray, IEC activities and other measures were taken.Awareness campaign for prevention and control of dengue was also conducted in association with the communities in areas of Dhanas and Khuda Ali Sher.The health department reported that focal fogging was also done for sectors 16, 18, 19, 36 and 37.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17040363", "title": "Precautionary steps to discourage a visit from these sneaky reptiles", "text": "COIMBATORE: Every year, about 46,000 persons from across the country die from snake bite. As Coimbatore is surrounded by forests, the chances of snakes entering human settlements are high. However, with a little bit of care, one can avoid being bitten by a snake.Though there are various varieties of snakes, only four among them are venomous. They are the Cobras, Russell's viper, Saw-scaled vipers and Kraits. Among the more than 3000 varieties of snakes found in India, most are non-venomous and harmless. Even the poisonous ones bite only when they feel threatened,'' informs N I Jalaluddin, president of Nature Conservation Society. \"If you spot a snake, the most important thing to remember is not to panic. Avoid the natural tendency to scare them away,\" he advises.A few precautionary steps can help you discourage them from coming to your doorstep. \"Avoid piling garbage near your home. Keep the surroundings clean so that rodents are discouraged to make a visit. Snakes normally visit residential areas to catch rodents. Trees and plants in the residential or office premises must be kept clean and undergrowths have to be regulated,\" says M Sathish, a city-based snake rescuer. Trees should be trimmed to keep them free from snakes. Plants, bushes and trees must be at least three to five feet away from the home as reptiles can enter homes through them. Potholes and vacant spaces must be guarded. Spraying anti-insecticides around your residence can help keep them away to a certain extent,'' he says.Homeopathic medicines can be stocked at home as a precautionary measure if bitten. If consumed soon after being bitten, medicines can curb the spread of the poison in your body. N Sadiq Ali, an executive member of the Nilgiris Wildlife Environment Association, says that these cheap homeopathic medicines should ideally be stocked at home, if snakes are commonly seen in the region. The patient should be taken to the hospital immediately, but this will give some breathing space, he says.The patient must not be allowed to move, as it would increase the blood circulation and the poison may reach the nervous system faster. Fear and anxiety too can prove deadly as an increased heart beat will increase the speed at which the poison spreads. Many times, the bite may be a 'dry bite', where the poison may not have been injected. Doctors say that there have been instances when victims in these cases have died from fear alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041650", "title": "AIADMK tightens screws on DMDK", "text": "CHENNAI: The ruling AIADMK on Wednesday stepped up pressure on its rival DMDK by raising an issue before the privileges committee of the assembly against its legislators even as police arrested party MLA Anagai Murugesan on charges of assaulting a journalist at the city airport on Sunday. Across the state, police rounded up DMDK cadres, who staged protests against the government in filing a case against party chief Vijayakanth.South Chennai joint commissioner of police K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran said that Murugesan was arrested in connection with a case filed by scribe M Balasubramanian. The airport police had registered a case against him and Vijayakanth after they were involved in a fracas at Chennai airport on Saturday.In the assembly, speaker P Dhanapal initiated privilege action against seven DMDK legislators. He told the assembly that five DMDK MLAs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d S Senthil Kumar, 'Anagai' Murugesan, R Arulselvan, Shanti Rajamanickam and DMDK whip V C Chandrakumar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d met him in his chamber on October 29 and submitted a petition seeking an appointment with chief minister J Jayalalithaa to discuss issues pertaining to their constituencies. Dhanapal said despite repeatedly pointing out that such a petition should be submitted to the CM's secretary, they insisted on handing it over to him. Terming the DMDK members' action as \"politically motivated\", the speaker said prima facie there appeared to be a breach of privilege issue.The speaker also referred to the privileges committee, a complaint against two DMDK MLAs, B Parthasarathy and K Dinakaran, for allegedly intimidating DMDK MLA R Sundararajan, one of the four legislators who had met the CM last week in an rebellion against the party leadership. Dhanapal said it was his duty to protect the privilege of a member and protect them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17042432", "title": "Now, infotainment on Mysore train", "text": "MYSORE: Passengers travelling in Mysore-Talguppa-Mysore daily intercity can now avail onboard infotainment. Onboard infotainment system on the train was launched by divisional railway manager Vinod Kumar on Wednesday.Each of the 12 coaches in the train is equipped with four 24-inch LCD televisions and nine audio speakers.A total of 44 LCD TVs and 108 speakers are installed in the train. Every one hour of telecasting is divided into 45 minutes of infotainment and 15 minutes of commercial, said senior commercial railway manager Anup Sadu.The infotainment segment will contain programmes on yoga and health, animation, movie clips, songs, wildlife, sports, travel and leisure, reality show contents, cartoons, social awareness messages and safety alerts to passengers in emergent situations.This is the fifth train on Mysore division where the onboard infotainment system has been provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "leh", "code": "17040038", "title": "New world record for planting trees in Leh", "text": "LEH: Even a mention of its name portrays the rugged terrain of the Himalayas with thin air, sparse vegetation and hardly enough water. Leh, however, was far removed from its stereotype this Monday. The high altitude cold desert was the site of a huge plantation drive, massive enough to set a new world record.On October 29, Leh became witness to an event in which 9,814 volunteers planted 99,103 saplings of Ladakhi willow within the stipulated time of one hour. Although short of the targeted 1 lakh trees, the number was enough to set a world record. It bettered the previous record of planting 66,000 trees set in the Philippines in January last year.The event was organised by Live to Love International, an NGO founded by His Holiness the Gyalwang Drukpa, the supreme spiritual head of the Drukpa lineage of Mahayana Buddhism. Among the three main lineages of Himalayan Buddhism practiced in the region, the Drukpa lineage has the largest number of followers.Initially, the organisers were expecting 10,250 volunteers who were supposed to form 205 groups of 50 people each. Each person had a target of planting 10 saplings. Although the actual turnout was a bit lower, gathering even 9,814 volunteers in a district where the population density is three persons per square kilometre is a tricky task.The event started at 11:36 after the arrival of His Holiness at the Thunkay Latto plantation site. It was adjudicated by Kimberly Dennis representing Guinness World Records . The site, which is located between Hemis, Ladakh's largest monastery, and the Indus River, witnessed volunteers braving the chilly wind, dust and burning sunlight to plant the saplings.Many of them had travelled several kilometres to participate in the record breaking event. Chhewang Spalwar, who was the leader of one of the groups, had come from Nubra, about 150 km from Leh. Tanzi Mongo had come from Phukte, 30 km from the plantation site while Rigzin had come from a village located 35 km away from the Hemis monastery. These people who live in remote villages scattered around the barren granite mountains of Ladakh were informed about the event by radio.The event also coincided with the ongoing fourth Annual Drupka Council (ADC) and hence there were volunteers from countries like Bhutan , Malaysia , Taiwan and Singapore . Started on October 26, the council, which will end on November 2, is the largest gathering of the followers of the lineage, which is also Bhutan's state religion.Sixty-seven year old Rizzi Tsering, a Tibetan living in Taiwan, had come all the way to attend the council. \"Ladakh resembles old Tibet and that's why I keep coming\" he said.The event concluded with cries of 'gyospa' (hurry up) and 'kikisoso largayallo'. The facilitating ceremony was celebrated with the traditional Zabra dance and a performance by the Ladakh Scouts regiment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17042378", "title": "Baseline survey of powerloom sector begins", "text": "SURAT: Weavers in the country's biggest man-made fabric hub in Surat are upbeat as the baseline survey of powerloom sector started by the ministry of textile is aimed at extending benefits in the form of schemes and policies for the development of powerloom clusters.Gujarat has about 7 lakh powerlooms of which 6.15 lakh are in and around Surat. The powerloom machines weave about 3 crore metre of polyester fabrics per day, which is further processed in the dyeing and printing units in and around the city.Industry leaders claim that the sector is facing development blues from the past many years. About 80 per cent of the powerloom machines installed in the sector are conventional or shuttle-based, while only 20 per cent have upgraded to the ultra modern shuttles looms like rapier and water jet looms.In the past one year, many in the industrial estates like Pandesara, Sachin, Udhna and Limbayat have sold their powerloom either in the scrap or in the second-hand market to the weavers in Varanasi. The reason is the rising cost of yarn and a very sharp decline in the polyester fabric demand in the country.Devesh Patel, president, Katargam Weavers Association told TOI: \"The baseline survey, especially in the powerloom hub of Surat, will give an exact idea about the installed capacity and the state of the sector. It will also help the weavers in deriving benefits under various schemes and policies of the Central government. We have requested all the weavers in and around the city to cooperate and give all the details to the surveyors.\"Sources said the team members of ACNeilsen ORG MARG Private Limited are camping in the city to survey city's powerloom sector. The exercise has been undertaken pan-India and would be completed in nine months.The textile commissioner's office had issued a notification in May-2012 awarding the survey contract to ACNielsen. The decentralized powerloom sector contributes 62% to the total cloth produced in India and 60% of the fabric produced in powerloom sector is man-made while 60% of India's total fabric exported gets churned out in these looms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17040975", "title": "Traditional puja \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcthalis\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 go designer", "text": "Karva Chauth is here and so are the designer collections, promising to offer the right blend of tradition and modern.Realizing the festival's importance for married women, shopkeepers in city are offering women designer collections, which include decorative puja \"thalis\" to traditional \"gadvis\" and designer \"channis\".Among the many delights include the traditional puja \"thalis\" that have been given a designer look. Available in the market from Rs 200 onwards, these thalis have attractive Rajasthani spreads with diyas and mauli attached to it. And for those who have missed the designer \"thalis\", city shops offer beautiful \"thali\" covers available in every conceivable colour at reasonable prices.Another attraction in city shops is the special puja \"gadvis\" decked with velvet cloth and beaded threads. These are available in various designs, costing Rs 125 and more. \"These 'gadvis' will help anyone stand out in the crowd. Moreover, these can later be used as a decorative item,\" said Preeti Singh, a resident of Sector 21.\"Karva Chauth is a special occasion and all women like to dress their best for the day. Why leave puja thalis and gadvis? These are priced reasonably and help add extra glitter to the entire festive look,\" said Akshita Khanna, a resident of Sector 38.\"These days all festivals are about show-off and glamour. Women want to carry things that are not just traditional, but also classy and attractive. The huge variety of designer thalis, gadvis and thali covers add the required glamour to the Karva Chauth celebrations and yet keep the festivities traditional,\" said Dheeraj Arora, a shopkeeper in Sector 22.Besides puja materials, an average 40 henna artists are spotted sitting in almost all the prominent markets of the city, especially in sectors 15, 19 and 22. Starting from Rs 1,100, the cost for henna application on both palms can go as high as Rs 11,000.\"Money is no object when it comes to decking up for the festival. After all henna design and colour will remain for sometime even after the festival is over \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and the design should be exquisite so that it adds grace to the complete look,\" said Divya Verma of Sector 18.\"During regular days you only get regular designs, but on special occasions like Karva Chauth everyone wants the best. And the best comes at a price!\" said Smiley Garg, a resident of Sector 34.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040814", "title": "Selja to focus on new schemes for weaker sections", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union social justice minister Selja said her focus would be on new initiatives for weaker sections to strengthen UPA's leadership for the next election.Selja, who joined the ministry from housing and poverty alleviation following the Cabinet reshuffle, said, \"We have to look at the 2014 election. We will be looking at new initiatives to strengthen the UPA and our leadership.\"The ministry has to devise new schemes as per the 12th five-year plan and Selja's focus on new initiatives appeared to hint at the plan mandate. New minister of state Balram Naik also took charge and held a meeting with his senior colleague.Selja stressed on the need to sensitize people about caste-based discrimination and to focus on the disabled and senior citizens.\"I have a personal interest towards senior citizens. We should do a lot more for them. Today, the way we are advancing in modern life, some way or the other, we are not able to pay attention towards our elderly. We need to do a lot more for them,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17041759", "title": "Block grant teachers on warpath", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Teachers and employees of block grant secondary schools have threatened to go on a mass agitation on November 5 if the state government fails to abolish block grant system and implement grant-in-aid at par with the fully aided high schools.\"We have been agitating over this issue time and again and the government had also assured to take positive steps over our demands. But ironically there was no result so far and therefore we have decided to go for agitation,\" said Prasant Kumar Mohapatra, president of block grant secondary school teacher and employees association on Wednesday.Mohapatra said they would organise road blockade on national highway at 10 selected places on November 5. He said if there would be no result after this road blockade, they would go on a cease work from November 15.General secretary of the association Prasanta Pati said over 26,000 teachers and employees of over 1800 block grant and 224 aided eligible high schools would join in this agitation programme. He said their other demands include provisions of service conditions and service benefits and sanction of arrear since 2004.Pati said the places where they planned to organise NH blockade include Khurda, Nayagarh, Manguli chhak, Sambalpur, Remuna, Anandpur, Bolangir chhak and Sundergarh. He said during their cease work they would organize rallies and demonstrations and starting from village to district level. This would be followed with an agitation in front of the assembly on November 29, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17040989", "title": "No rollback likely on industrial licence renewal fee", "text": "NASHIK: The Industrial Safety &amp; Health Directorate (ISHD) has rejected the demand made by Nashik's industry bodies to roll back the hike in fees charged for renewal of licenses after its announcement of a three-fold hike in renewal fees.A delegation of the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), led by president Suresh Mali had urged the ISHD to roll back the hike.\"There was no hike in licence renewal fees s since 1998. It has been increased, now, after 14 years. Prior to the hike, the ISHD had invited suggestions from the industries in this connection last year, but did not receive any objection from industries. There is therefore now point in raising the issue now since it may not be possible to roll back hike. The new charges will be into effect from January 2013, \" an official said.The licence is compulsory for factories having manpower of more than 10 people. So far, ISHD has issued licences to 2,000 industries in Nashik, according to sources. The fees for renewal of licenses have been decided as per horse power and employee strength. The fees, which earlier were in the range of Rs 100 to 60,000 , have been increased to anywhere from Rs 350 to Rs 2.1 lakh.\"Industries are already paying several taxes. Electricity rates and raw material prices are also higher here, compared to other statesA fee hike over licence renewal will cause additional burden on industrialists. Industries in the state are already moving outside the state due to such issues\", said AIMA president Suresh Mali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17041697", "title": "7 jawans to protect 6 crore Gujaratis?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat's Anti Terrorist Squad (ATS), which is supposed to guard the state against terror attacks, doesn't have a single commando! The state, which figures high on terrorists' hit-list, has got more commanders in its ATS than foot soldiers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there are 25 senior police officials and only seven constables.The reason for this is more administrative and red-tape than anything. \"While for IPS officers and policemen above the rank of sub-inspectors a posting in ATS is routine, junior cops are given an option. With the state government doing little to lure junior cops for a stint with ATS, the number of foot soldiers is dismally low,\" said a senior Gujarat police official.Compare this with the ATS in neighbouring Maharashtra: with six IPS cops, 50 police inspectors and sub-inspectors as well as about 800 jawans, the outfit looks more formidable as compared to its counterpart in Gujarat.Recently the Gujarat anti-terror agency was given a new, swanky office on SG Road. Here, additional DGP A K Surolia, DIG Manoj Sashidhar and SP K G Bhati along with 22 police inspectors and PSIs are stationed. However, with only seven constables for field duty, the agency has done precious little.\"There are 10 more constables,\" say sources, \"but they are required for clerical and other administrative duties\".This low number of constables for police work has stalled information gathering, which is the forte of junior cops. And, without intelligence inputs ATS is almost defunct.To tide over this problem, the ATS has now proposed some incentives for junior cops. Sashidhar said, \"We have sent two proposals to the state home ministry to resolve the staff crunch. We have appealed that all junior policemen posted in ATS should be on deputation and they should also be given a special pay allowance which will be more than their compatriots in other posts.\"Whether just financial incentives will rectify this apathy among junior cops is another matter. Since ATS has been mired in controversies in the past, there are not many takers for a posting in this anti-terror agency.ATS Gujarat was set up in 1995 to curb organized crime in Gujarat. The agency was successful in bringing underworld activities under control in a span of five years. Subsequently, its focus changed towards combating terrorism.But, from 2003 to 2005 a string of suspicious police encounters were carried out in Gujarat by crime branch officials. The phase ended in 2005 with the fake encounter of Sohrabuddin Sheikh. Sohrabuddin was gunned down by a team of ATS headed by the then deputy inspector general of police D G Vanzara and a Rajasthan police team.Times View Gujarat being high on the terror radar, the anti terrorist squad should not only employ more constables, but also train them in the latest methods of intelligence gathering in a highly technology-driven world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040463", "title": "SA woman gets 30 yrs in jail for heroin smuggling", "text": "MUMBAI: A special Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) court on Wednesday sentenced a 24-year-old South African national to 30 years' imprisonment for attempting to smuggle 1.5 kg of heroin from the city to Zimbabwe in 2009. The court also slapped a fine of Rs 2 lakh on the accused, Dhlamini Thulile Goodness.According to the prosecution, Goodness arrived at the Mumbai international airport on the intervening night of December 29 and December 30 to board an Ethiopian Airlines flight to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. From Addis Ababa, she was supposed to board a flight to Harare in Zimbabwe. After she checked in her baggage at the Mumbai airport, authorities stopped her on suspicion. Her checked-in baggage was then retrieved by the Ethiopian Airlines staff. Goodness had a grey colored suitcase on which her Zimbabwe address was written. Authorities repeatedly asked her if she was carrying narcotics and she answered in the negative. When questioned about the contents of the bag, she said it contained clothes, artificial hair and shoes. A sniffer dog, however, confirmed the presence of drugs in her suitcase.Goodness was then escorted to the office of the airlines intelligence unit (AIU). She was then searched in a separate room by a lady officer in the presence of a Gazetted Officer. The grey suitcase was then opened and its contents were removed. However, despite it being empty it still felt heavy.The authorities removed the lining of a false bottom in her suitcase and found a noticed a plastic covering which was ripped open. In a smallblack rectangular bag containing a powdery substance. Tests revealed that the powder was heroin. Goodness was arrested and charges under various sections of the NDPS Act.During the trial, the prosecution examined 12 witnesses. Goodness denied that the bag in which the drugs were found belonged to her.Special Judge M Y Mankar convicted Goodness to 15 years' imprisonment on two separate counts. Both sentences are to run consecutively. During the pronouncement of the sentence Goodness brokedown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040919", "title": "UT plans IIM-level university for regional students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As part of its action plan to develop human resource in the city, UT administration plans to set up an IIM-level institute here, which will exclusively run management courses for students from the region. Besides, PEC which is an autonomous deemed University at present will be soon upgraded to IIT status, enabling delivery of more value-added education.\"Details of the plan have to be worked out, including its location and whether it would be a UT-run institute or outsourced to a private party,\" said an official. An Educity has been set up in Sarangpur, on the boundary with Mohali, but not many companies have allied for setting up their centres there. UT now plans to free the project and utilize remaining land for some other project. It has been a long-pending demand of residents that there are few professional institutes in the city despite it being known as the education hub of the region.A programme called \"Intel Learn\" has been launched to provide IT education to teachers of government schools, who will in turn educate people in rural areas. The administration is also in the process of upgrading select schools as Smart Schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040726", "title": "Two women commit suicide", "text": "PUNE: In separate incidents, two women allegedly committed suicide in Dehu Road and Bhosari on Wednesday afternoon. One of the them, Akshata Sharad Bhosale (21) of Shitlanagar, Dehu Road, was nine months pregnant.Bhosale allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from a hook in the ceiling of her house on Wednesday around 3 pm. Dehu Road police said that the incident took place when she was alone at her house. When her neighbours noticed her hanging from the ceiling, they broke the door and rushed her to a nearby hospital where she was declared dead on arrival. \"We are yet to ascertain the reason for suicide,\" said investigating officer P P Ahivale.In the other case, Vaishali Santosh Kalokhe (30) of Suvidha park in Bhosari committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her house.Kalokhe's husband had gone out for work and her son was at school. She was rushed to the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital in Pimpri, where she was declared dead on arrival.Since Sunday (October 28), eight incidents of suicide have taken place in Pimpri-Chinchwad. On Sunday 22-year-old engineer Nitin Dnyandeo Sable of Ajmera in Pimpri committed suicide by hanging himself at his house, while on Monday three more incidents of suicide were reported in Moshi, Nigdi and Bhosari. On Tuesday, a 30-year-old person from Nigdi and a 22-year-old working woman from Talawade ended their lives by hanging themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17042391", "title": "Teppadagundi bridge provides crucial link", "text": "MADIKERI: The Teppadagundi bridge, a long-pending demand of the villagers here, was inaugurated by former chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Tuesday.The hanging bridge, constructed at a cost of Rs 73 lakh by the Malnad Development Board and the Kodagu district administration, will provide a direct link to the rural areas of Kodagu and Mysore. Built across River Cauvery in the limits of Guddehosuru village panchayat, the bridge leads to Kushalnagar, Madikeri, Siddapur in Kodagu and Raniget, Koppa, Doddahosuru, Bylakuppe in Periyapatna taluk in Mysore district.This is the 105th hanging bridge designed and built by Girish Bharadwaj of Sulya. The bridge is held up by concrete poles of 33 feet height erected alongside the river. Anti-rust steel ropes have been used between the poles to build the hanging bridge. The timely application of paints and grease will keep the bridge intact for a minimum for 125 years, he said. Ferro cement has been used for building the walking slabs and galvanized iron wires have been used on both sides to protect pedestrians. The bridge is 104 meters long and 1.2 meters wide.Earlier, villagers were forced to travel more than 20km in a bus during monsoon when the river was in spate as they could not take cross the river. Students and labourers were most affected by the lack of connectivity across the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "17041294", "title": "50 years of loving and sharing", "text": "BRS NAGAR: \"Who says we are old? We are still living and enjoying each moment of our lives with each other as we have been doing for the past 50 years,\" chirps Sudesh Virmani, 75, while adding, \"When the world around me is changing so fast, I am happy that the man I got married to 50 years ago is still the same.\"C L Virmani, 80, and Sudesh got married in the '60s. Theirs is a big family now, comprising two sons and their wives, a married daughter and six grandchildren. And like every year, the Virmani household at BRS Nagar will be hosting a Karva Chauth \"path\" at their residence this time too, with the women of the house observing a fast, but it's going to be a special celebration this time.Virmani, a city-based businessman reminisces, \"Ours was an arranged marriage but we realized that we were made for each other and for us, love has always been there in the air. Sudhesh ji has been a perfect wife to me and a perfect mother to my children. She has been observing this auspicious ritual of keeping a Karva Chauth fast for me all these years.\"For the Virmani women, the day begins with dressing up as beautiful brides. Then Sudesh's daughters-in-law seek her blessings and she in turn gives them \"sargi\" at 4am. Thereafter follows a day of fasting, \"path\" and \"katha,\" and finally breaking the fast after various rituals.\"It's not about how grand the 50th Karva Chauth is going to be, rather it's about thanking the almighty for showering his blessings on us through ups and downs of life. It's about thanking God that my husband and I compliment each other and the fact that our kids emulate our lives, taking it as an example. Though the 50th Karva Chauth is special for us, I have observed the festival with the same love and dedication every year of my married life,\" smiles Sudesh.Though the couple's elder son Ajay and his wife Sonam live in Delhi, they are making sure that their 50th Karva Chauth will be a special celebration. Sanjay, their younger son and his wife Poonam are already on their toes, making preparations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17039892", "title": "CCTVs would drive away patrons: Owners", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police's recommendation that restaurants, bars and pubs must install CCTV cameras and make the footage available to cops has not gone down well with the establishments' owners and patrons. Such daily surveillance, which the police want submitted on a weekly basis, would encroach on a patron's privacy and lead to a drop in clientele and business, owners fear.The police's suggestion came in the wake of the raid on the LIV lounge bar last weekend, when police hauled about 200 guests to the MRA Marg police station because the bar was open beyond the stipulated deadline of 1.30 am. Police said CCTVs would help them monitor business and reduce the need for frequent raids, against which bar owners have been complaining.\"What rubbish? How can we give the pub's daily footage to the police to help them watch people partying,\" said the owner of a Bandra pub. \"Patrons won't turn up at all. I can understand the need for cameras at entrances and parking lots, where security is an issue, but putting them inside party halls is uncalled for. Most of us already have cameras at entrances or parking lots and they are monitored by private security personnel and the owners.\"A south Mumbai pub owner said the frequent raids have already resulted in a decline in the number of patrons visiting bars and restaurants. Over time, people may not visit bars at all if owners start installing cameras so police can watch daily footage.Regular pub-goer Ravikant Morarka, of Juhu, said cameras are used in pubs to mainly help serve patrons and not to show private parties or conversations to the police or public. \"Patrons like me won't go to bars and pubs if cameras are installed,\" he said.A south Mumbai pub owner made a distinction between serious and everyday situations. \"We won't deny the police footage for specific purposes, but the idea of making daily footage available every week is crazy,\" he said.\"We don't support any move by the authorities to force us to share our CCTV camera footage with them. We value our customers' privacy and we will ensure that their personal space is never violated,\" said Sudhakar Shetty, president of the hotels and restaurants association. \"All outlets and areas in pubs and hotels should be under surveillance due to the security threat. As an association, we recommend CCTV cameras,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17041020", "title": "Small and medium enterprises in Nashik give govt contracts cold shoulder", "text": "NASHIK: Micro, small and medium enterprise (MSMEs) across the Nashik region have shunned government contracts or orders, preferring instead, to work on orders by large private companies.Less than 1% of MSMEs have shown interest in tenders from government agencies or public sector undertakings (PSUs).There are around 5,000 MSMEs in the Satpur, Ambad, Sinnar and Musalgaon industrial estates of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC). Of these, only 285 MSMEs are registered with the National Small Industries Corporation Ltd (NSIC), a government of india enterprise, to participate in the tender process held by government agencies and PSUs.The NSIC has launched a registration drive for MSMEs across the Nashik region. Those registered with the government entity can participate in the government tendering process. SMEs can get around 25% of their total orders from government agencies or PSUs, but they have to match price. and thus enhance their business with an NSIC registration. While there are a few government agencies in the Nashik region, including India Security Press (ISP), Currency Note Press (CNP), Nashik Thermal Power Station at Eklahare, Traction Plant of the railways at Eklahare and Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL), these organizations give 25% of their total order to MSMEs, but registration is required with the NSIC for the purpose. P Krishna Mohan, senior branch manager (Nashik), NSIC, said, \"Around 285 MSMEs have registered with the NSIC so far to participate in tenders for government purchases. The registrations are valid for two years and they have to renew their registration every two years.\"He further said that the registered MSMEs get the benefits like issue of tender documents free of cost, advance intimation of tenders issues by director general of supplies &amp; disposals (DGS&D;) and exemptions from payment of earnest money among others.\"Though there are around 5,000 MSMEs in Nashik region but the proportion of registration is less than 1%. Most MSMEs in Nashik are vendors to the large automobile engineering and big electric companies, \" Mohan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17041484", "title": "Janta durbar in Red zone", "text": "BOKARO: Hundreds of residents of Maoist-hit Hisim village in Kasmar Block situated along the Jharkhand-West Bengal border participated in a janta durbar organized by the district administration on Wednesday.The durbar was a part of the welfare programme called Prashasan Aapke Dwar (administration on your door).This was the second time that a team comprising 30 administrative officials headed by DC, Bokaro, Sunil Kumar, went to the village atop the Hisim hill and interacted with villagers. Since it's a Maoist zone, special security arrangements were made by the police.Apart from Kumar, SP, Kuldeep Dwivedi, DDC Sri Ram Tiwari, SDO Anita Sahay, DTO Vijay Kumar Gupta and other officials were present. The tribal-dominated area is one of the most backward stretches here. Villagers said they were experiencing four major problems, including shortage of teachers in schools, which is hampering studies, unavailability of doctors and health staff, lack of drinking water and poor roads. Villagers also demanded plantation of more trees in the area. Kumar assured all possible help to the villagers and asked officials of departments concerned to look into their problems. Kumar said, \"The durbar will help the administration gain the confidence of the people. The administration will get acquainted with the problems the people are facing.\"The administration set up stalls at the venue for people to come and report their problems directly. A health camp was also set up where many locals had their checkups done. The officials gave the villagers a patient hearing and even distributed cheques to beneficiaries under various schemes like the Mukhyamantri Kanyadan Yogana. Kisan Credit Cards, food grains and seeds were distributed. Cheques were also distributed under Indira Awas Yojana, old age pension , MGNREGA jobs and scholarships.\"More than Rs 45 lakh was distributed under various schemes to more than 500 beneficiaries,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17042139", "title": "Memorandum of understanding with tour operators of Mauritius", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Tourism has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Association of Tour Operators (ATO), Mauritius, to launch tour packages for Mauritian nationals to visit Bihar under the 'Discover Your Roots' programme.The MoU was signed by the ATO president and the director (tourism) of the government of Bihar, D K Srivastava, during the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas convention in Mauritius recently. Tourism ministers of both sides were present on the occasion.Both the sides have agreed to formulate tour packages for the travellers of both the countries in addition to the exchange plan for tour operators, scholars and opinion makers. The tourism ministers of Mauritius and Bihar acknowledged that there was a huge tourism potential as people of Mauritius wanted to visit Bihar and vice versa. \"The Bihar tourism minister's call to the Mauritian people to 'Discover Your Roots' was an emotional one,\" said Srivastava on his return from Mauritius.The two-day Pravasi Bharatiya Divas, which concluded on October 28, was organized by the Union ministry of Indian overseas affairs in collaboration with the Mauritius government. The road show organized by the Bihar department of tourism was an instant hit, Srivastava claimed.The state department of tourism also organized an exhibition on 50 tourist sites of Bihar. \"Most of the visitors to the exhibition admitted they were not aware of the rich cultural heritage of Bihar,\" Srivastava said.Bihar tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu also extended an invitation to the president of Mauritius to visit Bihar which he gladly accepted. He is likely to visit Bihar in January next.The Bihar delegation was also invited to witness the proceedings in Parliament of Mauritius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17041059", "title": "Civic body revives dengue awareness drive in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Against the backdrop of the 12 recent cases of suspected dengue, the civic health department has started distributing pamphlets to create awareness about the vector-brone disease in the city.The department had printed and distributed pamphlets from June, at the onset of monsoon. With the recent panic about the situation, the department has revived its awareness drive. \"We have been printing and distributing pamphlets for citizens to follow certain preventive measures for dengue and similar other diseases. We have also been sending out information through the media,\" said civic health officer, Dr Sachin Hiray.The health department has highlighted the importance of cleaning and drying underground tanks, overhead tanks and water barrels once in a week and then refilling these with fresh water and then covering them properly. so that mosquitoes do not enter and breed within these storage pools.The NMC has also emphasized disposing garbage, ensuring that water does not accumulate in unwanted tyres, boxes, broken cartons, earthen pots, buckets and utensils kept at home.The health department in its guidelines to the citizens has asked them to prevent water from accumulating in basements of buildings, to use gappi fish in places prone to water stagnation, to fill puddles and pour kerosene in them to deter mosquitoes.The department has further appealed to citizens to cooperate with the employees of the NMC visiting their homes by showing them all areas of water storiage and allowing them to add medicines to destroy worms and insects that may be present in the water.In the case of a fever, the health department has instructed citizens to visit local hospitals immediately.\"We have been distributing pamphlets and creating awareness through various media since June but after the panic over the recent dengue suspects, we have begun doing it afresh,\" Hiray.said.The Nashik Municipal Corporation has also taken up fogging in various parts of the city and a special cleanup drive was started yesterday as preparation for Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17043799", "title": "Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages Limited, Mumbai University to set up community college", "text": "MUMBAI: Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages Private Limited (HCCB) and University of Mumbai have announced their association to set up a community college designed to impart job skills and develop employability amongst youth in the country. Gracing the occasion were Shri. Rajeshjee Tope, Hon'ble Minister for Higher &amp; Technical Education, Government of Maharashtra,Dr. Rajan Velukar, vice chancellor university of Mumbai, PV Ramanamurthy senior vice president, HR and Durgesh Telang, zonal vice president HCCB.The Community College initiative will offer a two-year associate degree course that, with a mix of on-the-job training and academic knowledge, aims to equip students, with skills to enhance their employability and contribute in the country's socio-economic progress. Candidates, who have completed their higher secondary school (Standard XII), are eligible for this program - it is ideally suited for those who did not have a chance to pursue a formal degree of graduation as well as fresh higher secondary school pass-outs looking to acquire relevant career skills with greater employment opportunities.University of Mumbai has selected KG Joshi College of Arts and NG Bedekar College of Commerce, Thane, Rayat Shikshan Sanstha's Karmaveer Bhaurao Patil College (Modern College), Navi Mumbai, Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar College of Arts, Commerce &amp; Science, Mahad &amp; Shri Pancham Khemraj Mahavidyalaya (SPK), Sawant Wadi to conduct associate degree course for Community College.On completion of the program, students will be eligible to apply for employment with HCCB or its business partners for Market Developer Executive/ Sales Executive positions. The program also offers students the choice to join the third year of a regular course and obtain a degree of Graduation.PV Ramanamurthy, senior vice president, human resources, HCCB said,\"Coca-Cola aims to create positive change in the community we work within, and this is in line with the 20:20 vision of live positively. This community college initiative in partnership with University of Mumbai is a socially relevant state towards tapping local talent and enhancing the livelihood skills of the society, especially amongst the socio-economically challenged section. We are certain that the country's enterprising youth will take advantage of this opportunity to acquire occasional skills that will help improve their employability and thereby partner economic progress.\"The first phase of the program shall offer the two-year Associate Degree course in 4 Colleges affiliated to Mumbai University, and will then be extended to include more colleges subsequently.The program shall include both academic sessions and on-the-job training for students, providing them real time work experience. Every semester shall have 3-months of classroom sessions followed by 3-months of field training. The courses shall be taken by a joint faculty of Mumbai University and HCCB.The first batch of classes shall commence on Month of November 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17042119", "title": "Bihar Industries Association to extend membership to service industry", "text": "PATNA: Keeping in view the growth of service industries in the state in hospitality, education, health and other sectors, the Bihar Industries Association (BIA) has decided to add the criteria of service sector for new members.BIA secretary general Sanjay Bhartiya said that in the last one year the membership of the BIA grew from 250 to 400 and within two years it is likely to reach 1,000 many of whom would be drawn from the service industries. He said that the central government's move to introduce Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) is intended to garner tax also from the service sector which is fast expanding. \"That's why the BIA is changing its profile by adding service sector as it will play an important role in the growth of industries in the state for serving the people in social sector apart from economic sector,\" he said.He said the state government has already framed its Information Technology (IT) Policy for promoting IT industries as service industries in a big way in the state. This would increase the potential of service industries in the state with many entrepreneurs setting up IT industries, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041856", "title": "Why Nilam was all gusty winds and not much rain", "text": "CHENNAI: For a cyclone that was so keenly tracked by the Met department and the media from the moment it was a 'trough of low pressure' , Nilam was windy but never rainy.On Wednesday afternoon, the Met department put out several bulletins indicating that heavy rains were expected. One bulletin warned that a storm surge would inundate low-lying areas of Chennai, Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur districts. Another forecast 25cm of rain in the coastal areas. While there was no inundation, the city received 7mm of rain on Wednesday. Most southern districts received between 8 and 10cm.Experts say that for good rains during topical storms, several factors need to come together . Surface sea temperature, direction of the winds, moisture content, whether the system moves over land or sea, timing and location, and good convection are some of the factors. \"All these have to work in tandem for rains. It's almost like it's nature's conspiracy if it has to rain,\" said Professor K K Kelkar, retired director general of India Meteorological Department.After Nilam reached northern Sri Lanka, it was close to the land. \"For a cyclone to give good rains, it has to pick up moisture from the sea. When it is close to land, there is not much opportunity to do so,\" said Kelkar. That's one of the reasons why Chennai did not get much rain on Wednesday though the winds touched 60kmph in the city.As the system goes towards Andhra Pradesh, it will dissipate . \"Over land, there is lot of friction. It has to go over plateaus , hills and mountains and there is no opportunity to pick up moisture,\" Kelkar said. Met officials agreed that the rains were not as much as expected . Another reason could be the speed at which the cyclone moved.A slow moving cyclone causes more rainfall than a fast one. \"From 5.30am to 2.30pm, the cyclone moved at a speed of 23km per hour. This is much higher than the usual speed of 15km per hour,\" said Y E A Raj, deputy director general of IMD. \"There is still a chance of rain but it will be light. The radar shows practically clear skies over Chennai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17042155", "title": "Firework traders challenge cancellation of NoC, licence", "text": "BANGALORE: Several traders of fireworks have moved the high court challenging the cancellation of no-objection certificates (NoC) and licences by the authorities . The court on Wednesday adjourned hearing to November 2.When petitioners ' counsel told the court that many traders have placed orders for crackers, Justice Dilip B Bhosale orally observed that traders cannot be permitted to operate without a valid licence and said that it would be like permitting a person to drive a vehicle despite cancellation of the driving licence.The judge asked the government advocate to seek necessary instructions from the authorities concerned before the next date of hearing.Madhi Enterprises and others , who have stalls /shops in Sultanpet , Mamulpet and Avenue Road areas , have challenged the NoC withdrawal by the Bangalore police commissioner on December 12 ,2011. Following the commissioner's communication on April 12, 2012, the joint chief controller of explosives , Southern circle , Chennai , cancelled their licences on October 17, under section 115 and 118 of Explosives Rules, 2008.The petitioners claimed that they only kept 100 kg worth fireworks and 1,000-1 ,200 kg worth Chinese crackers , and that they were not harmful. They claimed the BBMP had renewed their licences on July 22, 2011 and that the Bangalore police chief had withdrawn them without holding an inquiry.The police commissioner said as these areas are congested , it will be difficult for ambulances and other vehicles to reach the spot in case of an accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040546", "title": "4 held for dowry harassment", "text": "MUMBAI: Four members of a family were arrested by the Borivli police recently after a homemaker lodged a complaint of harassment against them. The complainant, Urvi Rambhiya (28), alleged that she walked out of her house a year ago after she was \"tortured\" by the accused. The police attempted to counsel Urvi and the rest of the family a few times, but it did not work out.Urvi and her husband, Sameer, have a three-year-old daughter. \"We arrested Urvi's husband, Sameer, 32, her mother-in-law Jaywanti, 60, father-in-law Damji, 65, and brother-in-law Jigar, 35 on Sunday. They were remanded to judicial custody by a metropolitan court on Wednesday,\" said senior inspector Bhagwan Chate.Urvi and Sameer had tied the knot in 2009 and resided at Babhai Naka in Borivali West. Police said the couple did not get along and there were frequent domestic disputes. \"According to Urvi, Sameer had promised to buy another flat at Mira Road so that they could live away from their in-laws. But that did not materialize,\" a police official said. Urvi has also claimed that she was taunted over giving birth to a female child and not a male one, but the police did not confirm this. On October 17, Urvi lodged a complaint against her husband and in-laws. They have been booked under section 498 (A) of IPC.In a separate case, a Borivali housewife has lodged a harassment complaint against her Singapore-based husband. No arrests have been made yet.The complainant, Rashmi Patil, stayed with her parents at Borivali West. Two years ago, she tied the knot. The accused, whose identity has been kept confidential, works in Sinagore. According to Patil's complaint, everything was fine for a month after the wedding. Her husband then began torturing her physically and mentally. After she travelled to India a couple of times to meet her parents, her husband refused to take her back to Singapore. Patil contacted her in-laws, who are based in Solapur, and requested them to talk to her husband. But her in-laws did not intervene. Her husband then started to send her threatening emails and text messages.\"Patil lodged a complaint with us on October 18. We have registered a case under section 498 (A) of IPC and are looking for her husband,\" Chate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041887", "title": "Offices wind up work after lunch", "text": "Cyclone Nilam sent office-goers scurrying home at lunch time, racing against the wind, as several companies declared holidays around noon on Wednesday.Private companies such as Royal Enfield, Ford Business Services, Caterpillar, Cognizant and government bodies like LIC gave employees the option of leaving early.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa said government staff were allowed to leave by 3pm due to the cyclone. She directed the relief commissioner to advise private firms to follow suit.\"We were asked to leave at lunch time because the company had declared a holiday in view of the rains,\" an employee of Royal Enfield said.People flocked to coffee shops or the beach for some storm watching. \"I plan to go to Besant Nagar beach, have a look at the beached ship, and enjoy the winds,\" an IT firm employee said.Some manufacturing companies were cautious. \"We didn't declare a holiday at the corporate office, but shut night shift operations at our Ennore facility,\" an Ashok Leyland spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17041869", "title": "Govt yet to tap classical status of Kannada", "text": "BANGALORE: The Centre accorded classical status to Kannada in 2008 as a Rajyotsava gift. Four years later, it's all about bragging rights but not much on the ground.\"The classical status for Kannada generated celebrations. But the process of using it to develop the language and culture is yet to begin,\" poet laureate G S Shivarudrappa said.His dismay is understandable. In 2011, the Planning Commission allocated Rs 10.9 crore in the 12th Five Year Plan to set up a Centre of Excellence for Studies in Classical Languages (Kannada and Telugu) at the Central Institute of Indian Languages, Mysore. Though CIIL prepared a plan for research and other related activities with an annual grant of Rs 2.18 crore for Kannada, it couldn't progress beyond making documentaries and holding seminars, largely because of staff crunch.\"Long ago, we invited applications to recruit faculty on contract to take up research, but it hit a roadblock after we received a lot of RTI queries questioning such recruitment. The higher-ups in New Delhi sensed trouble and decided to put it on hold,'' CIIL deputy director R Subba Krishna said.The CIIL failed to utilize the annual grant of Rs 2.18 crore central grant.Worse followed. In 2011, the Karnataka government allocated Rs 2 crore each to 11 universities in the state to encourage research in Kannada soon after the Centre accorded classical status to Kannada, but only half the amount was given. \"Since these funds were not given under specific heads, many vice-chancellors misused it for renovation of their offices and to buy new luxury cars,'' sources in the Kannada and culture department alleged.Two committees headed by the chief minister were formed to draft a plan to utilise facilities provided to classical language. Not much has happened. \"Boasting that Kannada is a classical language is not enough, though that's good for the ego. More importantly, one should create an interest among students to study Kannada. That's been waning of late,\" writer-activist Patil Puttappa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040484", "title": "Signal-free roads no good: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Delhi government planning to spend Rs 2,200 crore to make a 17-km stretch from Vikaspuri to Wazirabad on the outer Ring Road signal-free, traffic cops say making Delhi roads signal-free has only aggravated the traffic situation. TOI reviewed five such stretches that were previously made signal-free and found that traffic snarls have become the order of the day here with average speed dropping to 20 km/hr during peak hours. A single breakdown causes a 10-km long jam, while merging traffic near flyovers results in bumper-to-bumper traffic atop flyovers.\"Creating more flyovers in Delhi is not the solution. The continuous flow of traffic makes it difficult to manage traffic, where a single breakdown triggers a huge jam. Bottlenecks form where traffic descending a flyover merges with traffic on grade-level. Traffic violators can't be stopped, too, as that would affect traffic movement,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.A case in point is the signal-free stretch on Ring Road right from DND flyover to Brar Square near Punjabi Bagh. Despite the creation of numerous flyovers and an underpass, the stretch has bumper-to-bumper traffic during peak hours. While the morning peak hour has traffic coming from DND and west Delhi to south Delhi, the situation is even worse in the evening, when the bulk of traffic moves from south Delhi.\"Besides the sheer volume of traffic, the situation is worsened as traffic crawls steadily and comes to a complete standstill atop flyovers,\" said a senior traffic police officer of south district.Traffic cops say that in the event of any accident or a breakdown, bringing a crane to tow away the vehicle is a nightmare. A spiralling jam ensues on the carriageway on which the vehicle stops, as speeding vehicles suddenly slow down and try to nudge into the neighbouring lane. A corresponding jam occurs in the opposite carriageway as a crane has to be usually brought from there, said officials. \"This problem does not take place in signalized corridors, as there is a provision to halt traffic and quickly tow away the vehicle. The time to remove the vehicle and clear the ensuing traffic snarl is sometimes twice or three times the time that is required in regular stretches,\" added the officer.Such signal-free stretches also encourage speeding in short bursts, which effectively does not increase the average speed on the stretch, say traffic cops. Such is the case on NH-2, where vehicles thundering down a six-kilometre flyover from Faridabad to Delhi come to a screeching halt at the Ali Village signal near Badarpur. \"Sometimes it takes five-six signal cycles to cross the red light, which is 20 minutes or more in peak hour. Ordinarily, it should take only four minutes to cross the red light, but a long tail of vehicles forms as they have breezed through the flyover,\" said JCP Garg.When the problem was discussed by traffic police with road-owning agencies, they had an immediate solution to offer - build another flyover. \"But that would only shift the jam to the next intersection which is CRRI Chowk near Apollo Hospital. That is not a solution,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Lack of proper pedestrian crossover facilities actually forced traffic police to add three pedestrian lights last year on the signal-free stretch on outer Ring Road from Modi Mill to Rao Tula Ram flyover. These pedestrian lights at Kalka Temple, Jia Sarai and Malai Mandir actually improved the traffic flow on the stretch, said cops, as opposed to when it was completely signal-free.Similar complaints come from NH-8 (from Parade Road to the Delhi-Gurgaon border) and GT Road (which is elevated from Shahdara to Seemapuri). This route is totally jam-packed despite no signal.Traffic experts say that while flyovers are a good tool for tackling urban traffic congestion problems, they are mindlessly planned in Delhi. \"The biggest problem is that these signal-free stretches are not part of a larger comprehensive plan detailing origin and destination of different vehicles. Creating flyovers is not a solution because if speed increases, ultimately there is a jam somewhere and these flyovers become congested in no time. You always need a systematic flow of traffic to increase average speed, instead of allowing vehicles to speed,\" said Rohit Baluja, president of Indian Road Traffic Education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "17042434", "title": "'Yeti hair' in cave belongs to unknown mammal", "text": "MOSCOW: In an astonishing claim, scientists have said that DNA tests of supposed 'Yeti hair' found in a Siberian cave have revealed that it belongs to an unknown mammal closely related to humans. The samples of hair were found in the Azasskaya Cave in the Mourt Shoriya area of Kemerovo region in Siberia during an international expedition last year.\"We had ten samples of hair to study, and have concluded that they belong to mammal, but not a human, and not the animals known to the area where they were found, like a bear, or wolf, or goat, or any other animal,\" said professor Valentin Sapunov of the Russian State Hydrometeorological Institute.Two tests carried out in Russia and the US agreed the hair came from a human-like creature which is not a Homo sapien yet is more closely related to man than a monkey, the Siberian times reported citing a regional government website in Russia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17042373", "title": "Right candidate key to victory in Varachha", "text": "SURAT: Diamond hub Varachha, the new assembly constituency carved out of Choryasi, is the forte of Saurashtra Patidar community.With nearly 63 per cent of the total voters being Leuva Patels and majority of them hailing from Amreli district, it would be political suicide for any party to even think of propping a non-Patidar candidateThis is one area of the city where voting patterns are mostly individual centric and voters have a herd mentality. Political parties come second to the individual allegiance to the candidate so the choice of candidates will decide the fate of this seat.Moreover, the relatively strong presence of Keshubhai Patel-led Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) could also be a decisive factor for candidates of both the political parties.\"This is the only assembly segment where our BJP MP Darshana Jardosh trailed by 11,618 votes to her Congress opponent,\" an office-bearer of city BJP said. \" It will be a defeat before the election if a strong candidate is not put up by the party,\" he added.Former BJP MLA Dhiru Gajera, who shifted sides and fought on a Congress ticket from Surat (north) in 2007, is most likely Congress candidate for this seat. His competitor Manu Jarakhiya and his nephew Sanjay Waghasia also have a strong influence in the community.\"More than party, it will be the individual whose prestige will be decisive. We also know that GPP candidate will not only harm BJP, but will cut into our voters too,\" Gajera said.For BJP, the choice is between former mayor Kanu Mavani, deputy mayor Kumar Kanani, K K Rakholia and K D Waghani .GPP is looking at city party unit chief Lakshman Dobariya, Mavji Mavani and Odhavji Mangukia. \"As other communities don't have much say in terms of votes, selection of the candidate will decide the fate,\" a BJP leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040595", "title": "Man rapes son\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s wife, gets 10-year rigorous imprisonment", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a senior citizen to 10 years rigorous imprisonment for raping his daughter-in-law.Additional sessions judge Vijay Kumar Dahiya sentenced Krishan (61) saying \"a daughter-in-law is at par with one's own daughter\" but the convict \"blemished\" the sanctity of the \"pious relationship\". \"I am convinced that convict deserves no mercy... and the convict is hereby sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for 10 years and fine to the tune of Rs 20,000 for the offence under section 376 of the Indian Penal Code,\" the judge said. The court directed that the fine, if recovered, be paid to the victim as compensation.The court relied on the testimony of the daughter-in-law and the medical evidence. The victim had deposed that she was raped by her father-in-law in her matrimonial home here on November 10, 2011 afternoon when her mother-in-law and husband were not in the house.She also deposed that her father-in-law had threatened to set her ablaze if she told anyone about the incident. Krishan was arrested on November 18, 2011 after an FIR was lodged against him on the complaint of the victim's father.As per the victim, her father-in-law had tried to outrage her modesty on several occasions earlier and despite her complaints to her mother-in-law, he had not mended his ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041695", "title": "Rivals lock horns in House over Vijayakanth\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bravado", "text": "CHENNAI: Heated exchanges erupted between the ruling AIADMK and the DMDK with some senior ministers, led by chief minister J Jayalalithaa , taking on DMDK MLA K Pandiarajan for singing paeans to his party chief Vijayakanth. The face-off in the state assembly comes in the wake of four DMDK MLAs shifting loyalties to the ruling AIADMK.It all started when Pandiarajan gushed about the brave demeanor of Vijayakanth, prompting Jayalalithaa to react sarcastically. \"Is that the person, with no fear of anything, who has moved the court for anticipatory bail?\" she asked, sending treasury benches into peels of laughter. It was an apparent reference to Vijayakanth, who, apprehending arrest in the case of abuse and intimidation of a journalist at Chennai airport last week, moved the Madras high court for anticipatory bail. The journalist was seeking his reaction to four of his party MLAs, including R Sundararajan, K Tamil Azhagan, Arun Pandian and Michael Rayappan, switching camps.Housing minister R Vaithialingam stood up to say that the DMDK chief lacked patience. DMDK members protested loudly against the minister's remarks and were persistent in their demand that the speaker expunge them. \"Everyone knows what he (Vijayakanth) did that day at the Meenambakkam airport. We know all about your leader,\" social welfare minister B Valarmathi said, leading to pandemonium in the hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040987", "title": "Chandigarh municipal corporation encashes `35crore FD to rescue development work", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a significant development, Chandigarh municipal corporation encashed a fixed deposit (FD) of over Rs 35 crore as finance department of the Chandigarh administration failed to release two grants of over Rs 72 crore to them. Both these grants had to be released in July and October.Now, the matter is slated for detailed discussion in the advisory committee meeting with UT officials, scheduled to be held in the first week of November.According to sources in MC, non release of the grants had halted various developmental works, including construction, widening and non-payment of monthly electricity bill.\"We had to release the grants to the engineering wing as developmental works were suffering. Besides we had to pay up a month's electricity bill of lifting the water from Kajauli canal and further supplying it. We had been requesting the UT finance department for over four months to release our grants, but they failed to do so,\" said a senior official of MC, who declined to be named.Mayor Raj Bala Malik said, \"This is very serious issue and I had also discussed it with UT advisor recently. Now the matter will be discussed in detail in the advisory committee meeting. Financial grants are basic requirement for us to carry-out the developmental works in the city.\"UT finance secretary V K Singh said, \"We will soon release the grant to the MC. The delay has happened because we want to develop a proper monitoring system, so that we can maintain proper and detailed record of each expense.\"Sources said according to the plan for the current financial year, the finance department of Chandigarh administration has to release Rs 146.60 crore to Chandigarh municipal corporation. However, they only released Rs 36.65 crore in April, and the remaining two grants of around Rs 36 crore each, which were scheduled to be released in July and October, are still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040433", "title": "Thousands apply for voter list corrections", "text": "PUNE: About 10,000 applications received during the voters registration drive by the district deputy election office were for correction in name or address in the voters' list.Staff shortage, negligence while including names and pressure to finish work within the deadline have resulted in mistakes of names and address in the voters' list. Many voters were unable to cast their vote because of the mistakes.The election commission on Wednesday extended the deadline for submission of forms till November 20, expecting more people to come forward for registration.Speaking to TOI, Apurva Wankhede, district deputy election officer said, \"The election commission of India has initiated special summary revision of electoral voters during the entire month of October. It is an annual practice. This year, the election commission declared that the chairpersons and secretaries of cooperative housing societies will work as booth level volunteers to assist the voters to get their names registered, corrected or removed. This led to submission of 65,000 applications for registration of name so far.\" The district election office has also received 4,500 applications for removal of voters' names due to death person or relocation,\" she said.During this drive, any fresh voter, who turn 18-years-old by January 1, 2013 can approach the nearby election office or tehsildar office and apply for registration by submitting the required documents. After verification, the name will be included in the list and the person will get a voter identity card. Citizens have also been urged to inform names of people who have died recently, so that their names can be removed from the list. Updated list will be released on January 5.Pune is one of the five cities in the state that is reporting rapid growth in urbanization. Other cities are Mumbai, Nagpur, Nashik and Aurangabad. Twenty six percent of the 11.24 crore state population, lives in these five cities.From 2001 to 2011, population growth in Thane was 35.9% - highest in the state, followed by 30.3% in Pune district, Wankhede said.An information kit with form no. 6 is available for registration of voters' name at http://parivartan-pune.blogspot.in and http://www.iacpune.in. The organizations have also appealed to the citizens to join them as volunteers. The organizations can be contacted at iwanttovote.pune@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "17041618", "title": "Move to link Angul with Delhi by air", "text": "ANGUL: Jindal Steel and Power Ltd (JSPL) is trying to link Angul with Delhi by air. This will reduce the journey time by four hours as people from the area don't have to travel to Bhubaneswar to catch a flight for Delhi. The new flight will benefit people of Angul and its adjoining areas. Currently, people are depending on Hirakud Express to go to Delhi.The first test flight, a 37-seater plane, landed at Angul's Nisha recently. The plane is a Brazil-made Embroyer ERJ-135 LR, said Sanjaya Kumar Dulka, an officer from Flight India. The plane with a double formed engine will provide service after procuring the mandatory permissions from the government. It is a time-bound attempt to make the journey between Angul-New Delhi convenient and time-saving, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040444", "title": "After HC rap, developers rush to meet VAT payment deadline", "text": "PUNE: The state government's refusal on Wednesday to change its position on the 5% value-added tax (VAT) on residential real estate pushed the realty developer community across the state in a frenzy to finalise the amount due from them and to remit it online to the sales tax department.On Tuesday, the Bombay high court dismissed a petition by developers' bodies challenging the state's decision to charge 5% VAT on dwellings sold between June 2006 and March 2010. Following this, the accounting staff in the offices of developers and builders got busy working out the amount of VAT payable for each housing unit falling in the ambit of the government's decision.The developer community had pinned their hopes on the state cabinet's weekly meeting on Wednesday, in which the issue of modifying the decision about VAT and bringing it to 1% for all properties under construction during the June 2006-March 2010 period was to come up for discussion. By late Wednesday afternoon, however, it became clear that the cabinet had decided to leave the position unchanged.Satish Magar, president of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India (Pune metro) told TOI that developers across the state started finalising their VAT liability and remitting it online soon thereafter. \"The Supreme Court's order had said developers had time till October 31 to remit VAT dues and we have to follow the order,\" Magar said.He added that it was also understandable that the state government left the issue unchanged as there had been consistent media coverage on the issue during the last few months.The pressure on the online tax remittance system of the sales tax department delayed payment uploads and the department had to open help desks to assist developers, Magar said.He said Credai members had already started sending notices to their customers about the recoverable VAT amount and would continue to follow up the recovery. \"There may be some customers who won't pay or will start disputes, but they will have to ultimately pay up,\" he said.Atul Goel, director of Goel Ganga developers, said his entire staff was busy with the VAT compliance work. \"We have 3,500 cases which fall in the time span defined by the state government for the 5% VAT rule and it will be a major cash crunch as recovery from customers would be delayed,\" Goel said. But he confirmed that all the money due from the company would be remitted by midnight.Local sales tax authorities could not be reached on phone for their comments.Meanwhile, consumer protection organisations have issued a statement appealing customers not to pay VAT even if they receive notices from builders. \"The builders will chase them, but customers should stay firm and not pay VAT. If any builders file court cases for recovery of the tax, we will offer legal help,\" Sooryakant Pathak, executive president of the Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat said in the statement.A Mumbai-based senior sales tax official said on condition of anonymity that the number of builders and developers in the state registering for Maharashtra VAT jumped from 3,000 to 9,700 after the high court's decision earlier this year upholding the state's power to levy VAT on residential units.\"Many builders and developers had ignored the department's decision to bring flats under VAT coverage. The builder lobby also approached the court and later the high court. But the judiciary upheld the department's decision and left the builders no choice but to register themselves with the sales tax department and pay the tax,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041345", "title": "Designs on love", "text": "Just as the true colour of henna emerges after being ground to a paste, so the does the true love of a husband prove its strength with the colour of henna on the wife's palm. Karva Chauth is around the corner, and the festival is indeed incomplete without the traditional henna on palms.Being symbolic of marriage, henna is also an indispensable part of Karva Chauth celebrations for women in city. Professional \"mehndiwalas\", henna artists and beauty parlours in city thrive on tracing delicate patterns on fair hands, creating intricate floral designs, intertwining vines and geometric patterns. Some even choose to hide the husband's name within the design, making it a fun pastime to search for the beloved's name.And as always women in city are making sure that they have the best hennaed hands for the special day \u00e2\u20ac\u201d but with time new trends are emerging in this traditional art. The art work is no longer limited to hands and feet, with women getting more innovative and bold while getting these beautiful patterns adorned on arms, back of neck, waistline and shoulders.Raashi Aggarwal, a professional henna artist of Kidwai Nagar, said, \"I have been in this profession for more than 15 years and have noticed a drastic change in trend over the years. But one thing remains intact - the method of application. And as for us we have also changed with time \u00e2\u20ac\u201d besides palms, we now make beautiful patterns on arms, back of neck, waistline and shoulders.\"Pallavi Pai of Pakhowal Road, who is also attending a family function this week, got a henna pattern traced right in the middle of her back. \"I wanted to look trendy as well as traditional, so I got a henna pattern traced on my back matching with the outfit for the family function.\"Shilpa Grover, 24, a resident of Mor Singh Nagar, said, \"I am getting both my hands and waistline traced with henna patterns. I have a friend's wedding nearing so the henna pattern on my waistline would accentuate my dress.\" Meanwhile, the elders in city are opting for the simple and traditional mehandi designs, while adding a bit of modern to it. Rupa Shukla, 42, resident of BRS Nagar said, \"My henna pattern on palms paints the picture of a lady with a 'channi' on one hand, while a man looking at the lady on the other hand. This theme-based concept just took my breadth away when I saw it with the mehndiwala.\"Indira Ahluwalia, owner of a beauty clinic, said, \"Mehndi is an essential part of Indian festival, and October and November are the busiest months for us. These days youngsters prefer innovative and glittering mehndi designs. For this we add colours matching to their outfits on the henna designs.\"Sharad Chauhan, 50, who has been into this profession for more than three decades, said, \"These days people have become very particular about colours and latest trends. Thus prior to giving a mehndi design, I discuss the occasion, theme, dress and jewellery with the client for satisfactory results.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17040940", "title": "Officials learn importance of e-governance", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To facilitate the expansion of e-governance among UT officials, an exclusive two day training of UT officials on e-governance began on Wednesday at SPIC - Centre of Excellence, PEC Campus.Department of Information Technology, Chandigarh administration organized the training programme under the National e-Governance Plan with an objective to sensitize departments about the role of e-governance, which is to bring the benefits of information and communication technology to ensure transparent, timely and hassle free delivery of services.E-governance has increased the government's accountability to citizens, providing greater public access to information and has proved to be a more efficient and cost-effective way of governance.The training aims at providing an introduction to the essential process steps for enabling e-services. It introduced the participants to the terminologies with reference to the various process stages of e-services projects. With application of information technology to government processes, a strong and effective information chain can be established that can help optimum resource utilization.Dr J K Suri, training facilitator, focused on providing insight into the concept of e-governance to officials and gave them an overview of the necessary tools for conceptualizing, developing, implementing and managing e-governance projects. He said with application of IT to government processes, a strong and effective information chain can be established that can help optimum resource utilization.He focused on building integrated service delivery models based on meeting customer needs more efficiently, which would, eventually, improve the citizen's experience in government transactions, reducing time and costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041011", "title": "Mohali murder: Victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s mother-in-law arrested", "text": "A day after a 34-year-old married woman was allegedly found murdered by her husband at their Phase-X rented accommodation in Mohali, the police have arrested the victim's mother-in-law.Mohali SSP Gurpreet Singh Bhullar said, \"We have booked victim Harpreet Kaur's mother-in-law Neelam under sections 302 and 102B of IPC. She was named by the victim's family.\"He, however, did not tell whether prime accused Rahul Saini, who is Harpreet's husband, has been arrested or not.Harpreet Kaur was found murdered on Tuesday. Sources said that Rahul Saini had left his son Karanveer, 5, at their home in Chaura Bazaar of Ludhiana after allegedly strangulating his wife to death. He has been missing since. According to information, Harpreet's parents got worried when she did not answer their repeated phone calls.They found the Mohali home locked and on calling Harpreet's in-laws, they were astonished to know that their grandson was in Ludhiana. The child told them that he had been left there by Rahul Saini and his mother was locked in the Mohali house.Later, cops entered the house in Mohali after breaking the door and found Harpreet's body under a bed.Victim's father named Rahul Saini as the prime accused in the case, and blamed victim's mother-in-law Neelam and brother-in-law Pankaj for their involvement in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040600", "title": "For ballerinas, life is not a ball", "text": "NEW DELHI: There's something undeniably glamorous about a ballerina performing on stage. The beautiful, sparkly bodysuits, high buns, dramatic makeup, and graceful moves make for a spectacle, but the story behind the scenes is not so dazzling. Immense physical and emotional pressure goes into the seemingly effortless shows the dancers perform, their radiant smiles hiding it all.The capital will witness a grand ballet on Thursday, performed by Russian artistes. The dancers, who reached the city only a night before the performance, took over the banquet hall at the hotel they are staying at for rehearsal, and TOI caught a glimpse of it.Practice is casual-slender women in tracksuits, high ponytails and braids, and special ballet boots that are nothing like the dainty slippers they wear on stage. They perform what they call \"routine stretching\", but that includes feats like tiptoeing, nonchalantly falling into splits, raising their long legs over their heads, spinning like tops as they pirouette, and contorting their bodies in unimaginable postures that make you wonder if they have any bones. Men, too, petite and strong, challenge all stereotypes of gender and ballet.Anastasia Stashkevich (27), a soloist at Bolshoi Theatre, says ballet is not a job but a way of life. \"It seems beautiful and easy on stage, but it's a tough profession rife with competition. There are no timings; we talk about ballet at home, even perform sometimes,\" says Stashkevich, who has been dancing since he was 18 and performs between five and 15 shows a month.\"You need hard work, an iron will, discipline, and the willingness to sacrifice a lot to pursue a career in ballet,\" says 27-years-old Yekaterina Krysanova, a professional dancer for three years, though she started dancing at the age of 10.\"Training for shows is very difficult, and sometimes it is hard to move your body after one; but you have to push through the pain and make yourself work,\" says Slava Lopatin (28) who used to be a gymnast. As a male ballet dancer, he is aware of the stereotype that ballet is a woman's domain; but quashing it he says, \"Ballet is an art form, and art has no gender. Ballet has a history of love, and it's incomplete without a man. Apart from our own choreography, men also help women dancers to perform lifts, spins, and other moves,\" he says.There is absolutely no compromise on rehearsal. Though actual training depends on the theatre they are a part of, and schedule of shows, they usually work out for several hours everyday. \"Sometimes we train all day, from morning to late night,\" says Krysanova.\"We do stretching and rehearsals for about seven hours a day,\" says Stashkevich.The physical pressure they put on their bodies negates the need for a strict diet, they say. \"Some dancers do have restrictions depending on body type, but I don't follow any diet as we burn a lot of calories in training. I love sweets, whether it's pastries, chocolate, or ice cream,\" says Stashkevich.Calling himself a \"foodie\", Lopatin says he \"eats everything and eats a lot\". \"I'm a small guy and move fast, so that helps me stay fit,\" he says, adding that he is eager to try Indian food as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17043042", "title": "Emraan Hashmi headed to Hollywood", "text": "Emraan Hashmi has certainly come a long way. From a time when the tag of 'serial kisser' refused to leave him and his name was associated solely with a certain kind of cinema, the actor is now counted among the film industry's A-listers.If rumours are to be believed, he has been approached for a significant role in an upcoming Hollywood film by Academy Award winning director Danis Tanovic.The Bosnian-Belgian film director and screenwriter is best known for his 2001 film No Man's Land . His most recent films include the 2009 Triage starring Colin Farrell , Paz Vega and Christopher Lee and the 2010 Cirkus Columbia starring Miki Manojlovi and Mira Furlan.A source told TOI, \"Emraan was just wrapping up a schedule of his upcoming film when his team got a call from the production house. After a formal discussion over the phone, Tanovic is believed to have taken the first flight to India to discuss the project with the actor.\"Emraan has had a fabulous run in recent times, what with hits like Jannat 2 and Shanghai in his kitty. If he lands this film, it would be the biggest project in his career so far. Just recently, we had also reported the actor plans to start his own production house.According to the source, Tanovic and Emraan met on the 23rd of this month. After a rather long discussion, they both had a smile on their faces. Apparently, Emraan is also planning to treat Danis to some delectable Indian food before he leaves the country. Emraan remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040256", "title": "Two-day seminar at Bhopal School of Social Sciences", "text": "BHOPAL: A two-day UGC sponsored national seminar on Impact of multinationals on trade and commerce was inaugurated by P R Ravi Mohan, regional director RBI, Madhya Pradesh and Chattisgarh at the Bhopal School of Social Sciences on Tuesday. Dr S.K Khatik, dean of Barkatullah university, was the key speaker on the first day of the seminar. Principal, father Dr Joseph PP welcomed the speakers from different parts of the country. Convener of the seminar and head of the department of commerce Ashish Dilraj, introduced the subject to the gathering.People's college: People's college of paramedical sciences celebrated graduation programme recently. The first batch of Bachelor of Physiotherapy (2007-08) and Bachelor of Medical Lab Technology (2008-09) successfully completed the courses, under Barkatullah University. Chief guest at the occasion, vice-chancellor, People's university, Dr GC Dixit and other dignitaries inaugurated the ceremony. Later, students took oath and received the graduation certificate from the chief guest.Sports carnival: The five-day sports carnival began at Patel Group of Institutions. Various games including basketball, cricket, volleyball, table-tennis, tug-of-war and others will be organized. Around 500 students of various engineering colleges are participating in the competitions.Tribute: The staff and management of National Institute of technical Teachers Training and Research (NITTTR) condoled the death of professor PV Khadikar, who was the honorarium editor of NITTR's research magazine Journal of Engineering Science and Management Education. Director of the institute professor, Vijay Agrawal, termed his demise as a big loss to the education fraternity.Seminar: The department of computer application, Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS) will organize two-day national workshop on 'Emerging technologies in computer science (ETCS)-2012' from November 2.Robomania 2012: Students of IES College won the first prize in the recently concluded Robomania-2012 organized at Swami Vivekanand College. The competition was based on electrical engineering projects where students of 17 engineering colleges participated. The eight member team of IES College stood first in the competition which included Abhishek Kumar, Amrendar Kumar, Kumar Kishan, Vidya Bhushan, Gaurav Kumar, Himanshu SIngh, Tabrej Alam and Vikas Singh.Bhopal wins cricket tournament: Bhopal won the state level cricket tournament after defeating Gwalior by 26 runs in the state level crickettournament organized at Radharaman Engineering College. In the final match, Gwalior while chasing 155 runs target was restricted to 128. Rahul Bagle won the man of the series award while Shivam Chaube adjudged best batsman of the tournament. Best bowler award went to Saurabh Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17039682", "title": "FIR on IT firms for stamp duty evasion", "text": "NOIDA: The district stamps office is getting ready to lodge FIRs against nearly 70 IT companies of Noida and Greater Noida for not paying stamp duty for plots allotted to them under a special scheme. Officials claim that the department has suffered a loss of Rs 100 crore on this account. A letter has been written to the state government the district magistrate seeking their approval to take penal action against the defaulters.Stamps department officials said the allottees have not fulfilled the pre-conditions of the allotment despite being given extra time to complete all formalities, provide relevant documents and pay pending dues.These companies had been asked to pay exempted stamp duty and a yearly penalty of 18% interest from the date of purchase of their plots by October 20 or face strict action,\" said VD Sharma, DIG (Stamps). \"We have drawn up a list of all companies who owe stamp duty above Rs 1 crore and sent it to the government,\" he added. Around 35 companies in Noida and 27 in Greater Noida form a part of this list.\"There are many companies who have not even bothered to reply to notices issued by us that warned of cancellation of plot allotments as well as heavy penalties on failure to comply to the directions,\" Sharma said.Plots were allotted to individuals between 2005 and 2012 to set up IT units in both industrial and institutional categories in Noida and Greater Noida. The stamp duty was waived off by the government to promote IT/ITES related firms. However, the exemption came with a rider as per which the allottees had to establish their units within a stipulated period.Officials claimed to have incurred heavy revenue losses amounting to nearly Rs 100 crore because of the evasion of stamp duty. The UP stamp and registration minister had in May this year commented on the issue and reportedly ordered department officials to start a probe. In the wake of the probe, warnings were issued by both the Authorities through a public notice. Of the nearly 70 companies who have availed of the stamp duty holiday, 23 firms from Noida and Greater Noida had availed an exemption of duty ranging from Rs 1 to 5 crore, officials said. \"The duty from six Noida and nine Greater Noida companies alone amount to over Rs 44 crore,\" the official said.For the stamp duty waiver the allotment conditions required the allottees to get their layout plans sanctioned within 18 months from the date of purchase. Several other benefits were also awarded to the allottees if they abided by the pre-conditions. \"The construction was then to be completed within a period of three years. Also the completion certificate for the building was to be acquired within five years,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040421", "title": "Pollution level up, visibility dips", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city experienced shallow fog for the third consecutive day on Wednesday as still air and high moisture levels arising from Cyclone Nilam resulted in low visibility conditions almost through the day. Between 11am and 4pm, the average visibility was 600m at Palam and 500m at Safdarjung. The environment department also officially announced winter after pollution levels showed a rise due to low temperatures.The rise in air pollution, which is most severely felt in the winter months, is a significant contributor to the increase in fog hours. Met officials say the average fog duration per day has increased by eight hours since 1989, and Delhi is especially affected as high pollution and aerosol levels impact visibility.\"The concentration of particulate matter (PM) went up at several places between 8pm and 9 this morning. This is an annual affair in Delhi during winter,\" said a government official. The pollutant category called PM10, which is acceptable up to 100mg/cubic metre, touched 1,460mg/cum between 10pm on Tuesday and 3am on Wednesday at Anand Vihar. At Mandir Marg, the hourly average from 11am to 7pm ranged between 317mg/cum and 637mg/cum.Humidity levels have been around 92-96% in Delhi for the past three days due to moisture inflow from the south. Wednesday's maximum temperature was 28.7 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal, while the minimum was 15.2 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal.\"The runway visual range at IGI airport on Wednesday morning was 800-900m while general visibility was 600m. Between 6am and 8am, we declared fog at the airport since moisture levels were quite high but later downgraded it to smog and haze. There was haze even during the afternoon as the air was still. Cyclone Nilam will cross over into Tamil Nadu by Wednesday night, bringing some respite over north India by Thursday afternoon,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met. A 'western disturbance' around November 2-4 is expected to cause strong winds and lift the fog, he added.In 2007, Jenamani published a paper titled 'Alarming Rise in Fog and Pollution Causing a Fall in Maximum Temperature over Delhi' that stated that pollutants like PM and aerosol act as \"additional sources of cloud condensation nuclei necessary for fog formation\".\"Pollution is not the only reason for fog formation but it plays some role, especially in moderate fog formation. More significantly, it is responsible for a fall in visibility under smoggy conditions. In 2011, Delhi saw fog set in around mid-November largely due to high levels of pollution,\" said Jenamani.Experts say pollution levels rise during winter as cold air is heavy and does not rise much. In such a situation, especially in the absence of wind, pollutants do not get space to disperse and tend to accumulate in the atmosphere. This is the reason for the increase in smog over the last few years. \"The pollution levels that we are seeing right now will rise much more as the temperature falls. Delhi's fixation with diesel vehicles will pose a greater threat as diesel is responsible for PM and NOx emissions. The number of vehicles has only risen in the past few years, so unless the government has some remedy in line, we can expect another poor winter,\" said Anumita Roychoudhury, associate director, Centre for Science and Environment.Delhi has recorded an 81% increase in the number of registered vehicles in the last decade. From 3.6 million registered vehicles in 2001, the number went up to 6.5 million in 2011. In 1996, the city had only 2.5 million registered vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17040945", "title": "Five held for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcburgling\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 store", "text": "NASHIK: The Bhadrakali police have arrested five youths, Shailesh Pardeshi (22), Kalim Shaikh (22), Yusuf alias Paapa Manjur Shaikh (24), Asif Shaikh (21) and Firoz alias Bhairav Maqbul Shaikh, accused of burglary of goods worth Rs 45,000 from a store.A complaint against the five has been lodged by Shabbir Bavahir of Thakkar Harmony, Takli Road, Dwarka. According to the complainant, the five entered his shop \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Bavahir Electricials \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at General Vaidya Nagar, Dwarka by breaking the lock of the shutter and stole electrical motors worth Rs 45,000. The alleged burglary took place between October 24 and 30.Acting on the complaint, cops arrested the five on Monday around 11pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041598", "title": "Jharkhand schools on dengue alert", "text": "RANCHI: As cases of dengue in Jharkhand are on the rise, schools have asked parents to apply mosquito repellant on their children before sending them for studying. Some institutions have also started using coils in classrooms as a preventive measure.More than 240 positive cases and four deaths have so far been reported in the state in the past one month.Ravi Kumar, a student of Class I of DAV Public School, Bariatu, returned home with a notice from the teacher asking the parents to send him to school after using mosquito repellent ointment and dressed up in full-sleeve shirt and trousers.Principal of DAV School, Divya Singh, said, \"There are a lot of trees around our school. We do maintain cleanliness but we don't want the children to get affected by any disease, so we have asked the parents to apply mosquito repellent ointment to children before sending them to schools.\"We have also written to the Ranchi Municipal Corporation to start fogging around our school as more than 4,000 students study here and they might be at the risk of getting dengue by mosquito bites,\" the principal added.Teachers of Sherwood Academy are using mosquito repellent coils and liquids in classrooms as a preventive measure. School principal Rachna Minocha said, \"We want our children to be safe, so we are using these preventive measures. I will also advise the parents that they take proper care at home.\"Parents are appreciating the steps taken by the schools. Subhash Shekhar, the father of a six-year-old boy, said, \"It is a good thing that the teachers are worried about the health of our children. I appreciate the steps taken and would also request the administration to take proper measures and keep the city clean as a part of precaution.\"The RMC has started fogging in all wards. Health officer of the civic body Dr. Rajan Singh said, \"Fogging is being done according to roster. Bleaching powder and hand sprays are also being used.\"He advised to the residents to use mosquito nets while sleeping. \"People are advised to keep the area around their home clean and if they see any water collection they should inform us so that we can clean it up,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040795", "title": "Wipro to hive off consumer business", "text": "MUMBAI: Wipro chairman Azim Premji has initiated moves to de-merge the company's consumer care business from its mainstay IT services, as part of a rejig plan to sharpen focus on the two separate businesses, said people familiar with the matter.The $7-billion Wipro, India's fourth largest technology services behemoth, garners about 9% revenue and roughly 6% operating profit from Wipro Consumer Care and Lighting (WCCL). Wipro has revved up this consumer unit with high-profile acquisitions of Yardley and Uzna in recent years.WCCL is among the fastest growing FMCG companies with a clutch of brands that include Santoor, Chandrika, Yardley, Aramusk among others. It has about 8.5% share of the toilet soaps market, making it the best performer in the company's consumer play.\"They have been working on a de-merger mechanism for sometime,\" said a source mentioned earlier.He refused to put a timeframe for it to happen. A Wipro spokesperson declined to comment on market speculation. Wipro shares inched up to close 1% higher at Rs 350.80, gaining for a third day in succession.Wipro has downplayed analysts suggestions to hive off the $615 million (Rs 3,340 crore) consumer business in the past, but never ruled it out either. The company's IT services has had a few quarters of slow growth and has been passing through a turnaround phase under the chief executive T K Kurien.Wipro has talked about more aggressive investments to push the consumer business into the rural markets, where it's flagship brand Santoor, for instance, has higher market share. Santoor with more than Rs 1,000 crore revenue has emerged as a formidable brand franchise in the FMCG industry.WCCL also has an increasingly large revenue pool coming from emerging markets extending from Africa to Middle East to South East Asia following the Yardley and Unza buyouts.IT sector analysts said the de-merger move would be a positive even though some of them \"had learned to live with the consumer business\". The move could benefit the consumer unit more but will be good for the main IT services engine, said a research analyst with an MNC brokerage who did not wish to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17041546", "title": "Former army personnel to meet CM over welfare body", "text": "RANCHI: A delegation of former army personnel in the state will soon meet Chief Minister Arjun Munda to discuss formation of a welfare body that will work on job prospects after retirement.The Army Welfare Corporation will work as an employment consultancy for retired army personnel. According to a central government directive, all states should employ 5% retired army personnel in various departments, like disaster management and fire safety.The decision to seek the chief minister's intervention comes on the heels of rising cases of mental stress and depression among retired army personnel. The Sainik Welfare Society (SWS), the state's military hospital, has been flooded with cases of depression in the last few months. Lack of re-employment options and inability to fund basic expenses are major reasons for the ailment.SWS chairman Sanjay Srivastava, a retired colonel, said, \"It is time the government does something for ex-army personnel. Other states have constituted corporations to deal with issues of ex-army personnel. But Jharkhand is yet to do anything. We will meet Munda when he sets an appointment.\"\"Ex-army personnel are employed by various non-descript security agencies which exploit them to no end. If the government employs them, not only the state will have a trained force but the problems of the ex-army personnel will also be solved,\" said Rajendra Prasad , retired subedar and general secretary of SWS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039681", "title": "9 years on, non-salary grants for aided schools again", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government decided on Wednesday to resume non-salary grants for aided schools from March 2013 onwards. The decision taken in the cabinet meet will provide much needed cash for maintenance of school infrastructure and utility payments.Speaking to TOI on the phone, school education minister Rajendra Darda said, \"About 23,000 schools in the state will be benefited by this decision. It is one of the most important and crucial steps we have taken and I am happy that it will benefit schools.\"He added that this decision will cost the state exchequer Rs275 crore annually. \"The state shall bear this cost entirely, as no contribution is coming from the centre,\" said Darda.The amount to be paid as non-salary grants has been fixed at 5% of the salary grants. \"A committee was set up by the state in 2008 and they had suggested this formula. We have accepted the committee's recommendation and will be giving out the grants based on those calculations from March next year,\" said Darda.However, the 5% calculation will not be on the latest pay scales (sixth pay commission), but rather on those that existed in 2008-09.The Maharashtra Rajya Shikshan Sanstha Mahamandal (MRSSM), an umbrella group for education societies in state, said that not enough has been done. President of MRSSM and former union minister Vijay Naval Patil said, \"While we welcome their decision to start the non-salary grants, we will continue to pressurize the government for calculating the 5% on sixth pay commission level. Cost of living has gone up and schools require more money to meet their expenses. We shall also ask for arrears in our next meeting with the state government.\"The decision would have come earlier but a \"technical\" problem held it up for long. Darda said, \"We had done all the paperwork regarding this decision but our important files were burned in the Mantralaya fire. But we pushed hard and got all the paperwork ready in order to execute this plan. Now, everything is set and schools can look forward to meeting their expenses from these grants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17041497", "title": "3 held for selling fake passes of performance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three persons were arrested for selling fake entry passes of live show of Punjabi rapper Honey Singh. The artist performed at HL College of Commerce in Navrangpura on Tuesday evening.Navrangpura police said that the trio - Zeeshan Mansuri, Mukti Mansuri and Shoeb Nagori - had printed duplicate passes and sold them to make quick money.The scam was unraveling when Zeeshan, a resident of Dariapur, called up Krishna Shetty, an employee of a private company, who stays in Madhavpura. Zeeshan told Shetty that he had got a contract for selling tickets to the live show of the rapper. Zeeshan offered to sell Krishna passes worth Rs 1,000 for Rs 500. Krishna got interested and said he would take 50 passes.On Monday, Krishna called back on Zeeshan's mobile phone. However, the call was received by Zeeshan's accomplice, Mukti Mansuri, a resident of Khadia, who assured to give him the passes. Later, Krishna got a call from an unknown number. The caller told him to collect 20 passes from a person standing outside the multiplex on Ashram Road.\"The man identified himself as Zeeshan's friend and handed over the passes for Rs 10,000. Krishna got to know that the passes were fake only when went to the college campus to buy some VIP passes worth Rs 2,500. The passes that he had purchased immediately seemed different than the ones that he had purchased from Zeeshan. To be sure, Krishna showed the event organizers the passes. They told him that the passes he had purchased from Zeeshan were duplicate since they did not have bar code and serial numbers printed on it,\" said a senior Navrangpura police official.On Tuesday, Krishna called up Zeeshan again and asked for another 20 passes. At 4 pm Krishna was to meet Zeeshan near the multiplex. Krishna reached with two of his friends and saw there were three youths with the passes.One of them, Soheb Nagori, 24, Jamalpur resident was caught by Krishna and his friends. They brought him to the Navrangpura police station. During his questioning Nagori revealed that he had been given the passes by Mukti and Zeeshan. They too were then arrested.\"The duo have confessed then said that they wanted to make quick money by printing fake passes. They purchased one genuine pass and then scanned it to create a digital image and then printed several copies,\" said Navrangpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040461", "title": "Panel to frame norms to check child abuse", "text": "NEW DELHI: With reports of child abuse coming to light, the Delhi government has woken up to the urgent need for a standard regulatory framework to protect kids in schools and children's homes. Delhi Commission for Protection of Child Rights is planning to create a core group that will frame guidelines for the prevention of sexual abuse of kids in child care institutions. The draft guidelines are likely to be ready by December end.At present, there are no central or state guidelines on the issue. The core group will have on board representatives from the departments of women and child development, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, NGOs and lawyers. \"This group will be varied and reflect on all aspects of child protection. It will be constituted in the next 10 days,\" DCPCR chairperson, Arun Mathur said. The guidelines have to be approved and notified by the Delhi government.The decision to form a core group follows a meeting held at the Delhi secretariat on Tuesday. Reiterating the government's commitment to frame the guidelines, minister for women and child development, Kiran Walia, said, \"Children in institutions under the JJ Act come from marginalized sections. It is necessary to protect them,\" Walia said. Chief secretary PK Tripathi too expressed the need to strengthen the child protection mechanism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040644", "title": "Two held in Mumbai for attempt to smuggle 47 turtles", "text": "MUMBAI: Two passengers were arrested by the Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) for attempting to smuggle 47 turtles out of the country through Mumbai airport late on Monday. The duo was trying to smuggle turtles to Bangkok.Abdul Razak Bashir (55) and Ambur Mastakini (34) were intercepted by the AIU officials around 11pm at the Customs counter. According to Customs officials, the two were asked if they were carrying anything dutiable.\"They refused and said that they were carrying imitation jewellery. However, AIU checked their bags,\" said a senior official. \"There was a layer of cardboard under which clothes were kept. On removing the clothes, we found 47 turtles at the bottom of the suitcase,\" an official said. Carrying animals in large numbers is prohibited under the Wildlife Act. Turtles come under the category of exotic animals. The market value of the seized turtles is Rs 17 lakh.The AIU officials said the two were carrying 37 Indian pond turtles and 10 three-keeled turtles, both exotic. 'The turtles are around six to eight inches long and full grown. They are used for decoration or in expensive dishes. They are in demand,\" a Customs official said. Assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede detained the duo. AIU officials said that the two are from Mumbai and have been involved in smuggling. Both have been to Bangkok seven to eight times. They have been handed over to the forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040235", "title": "Jhabua Power Ltd announces compensation of Rs 15 lakh to deceased worker's family", "text": "BHOPAL: The Jhabua Power Ltd (JPL) has announced a compensation of Rs 15 lakh and compassionate employment to a family member of the worker who died after a fall from the under construction boiler tower of the plant on Tuesday at the plant site in village Barela under tehsil Ghansore of Seoni district.The company officials made an announcement to the effect on Wednesday. The deceased was employed at the plant site by M/s Indwell, a subcontractor of BHEL , the company that has got the contract for constructing the boiler tower of the Jhabua Power Plant. A communication by the company said JPL along with the contractor has decided to provide a compensation of Rs 15 lakh and employment to a family member of the deceased Vijay Kumar .Of the total compensation a sum of Rs 12 lakh will be deposited in a fixed deposit in the name of any member decided by the family of the deceased and the rest would be given to the family in a manner they desire. The company has also decided to provide employment to a member decided by his family. This compensation amount includes all the compensation decided by the government and the law in such a case.Work at the plant was suspended after the incident on Tuesday and the company and its contractors have decided to perform a puja on Thursday before resuming work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17039703", "title": "Temple encroaching on road turns into major traffic hazard", "text": "NOIDA: The arterial road that runs along Sectors 47, 98, 100, 104, Pathways School, etc and connects them to the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, Dadri Road and NH-24 has been encroached by a temple constructed in the middle of the road. While Noida Authority is unwilling to take action for fear of sparking communal tension, residents complain that the encroachment has led to daily traffic jams lasting hours.The temple has been built by neighbouring Hazipur villagers on two of the eight lanes of the road. \"The temple began with a birdhouse-sized structure along the sidewalk, but it has grown in the last couple of years,\" said Anindya Sinha, a resident of Sector 98.Considering that the road links several residential sectors to the expressway and Ghaziabad via NH-24, residents said traffic flow on this stretch is quite heavy throughout the day. The temple poses a major traffic snarl, slowing down traffic movement during peak hours.\"On this road, thousands of flats are under construction. Once these flats get occupied, thousands of vehicles will be added to the area in the next few years. Villagers are continuously trying to encroach on more road space,\" said a Sector 47 RWA member. \"Recently, some repair work was carried out by the Authority on the road, but it completely ignored the encroachment,\" he added.Authority officials acknowledged the encroachment, but claimed helplessness. \"The temple is not a new structure. I have been seeing it for the last three years, but I agree that it has been expanding in size. Such structures are tough to remove as it becomes a religious matter,\" said an official of the concerned work circle.Meanwhile, several RWAs have decided to write to the Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran, to bring the problem to his notice. \"We hope the CEO takes some action against the encroachment,\" said Mugdha Vaid, a resident of Sector 47.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17040360", "title": "Minor raped, police nab accused", "text": "SIRSA: A 25-year-old man allegedly raped a teenaged girl on the pretext of securing employment for her. On Wednesday, police arrested Jitender Kumar after registering a case against him. Medical examination of the girl confirmed sexual abuse. The 17-year-old had been missing for a few days.\"The victim's father approached us with a complaint about his missing daughter. He alleged foul play at the behest of Jitender into the girl's disappearance. Police parties were formed and the both the victim and the accused were recovered from the some place in Sirsa,\" the investigating officer said, adding that the victim was handed over to the family after medical examination. Jitender will be produced in court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore", "code": "17041908", "title": "Karnataka asked to give Tamil Nadu 4 tmcft over 15 days", "text": "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: The Cauvery Monitoring Committee (CMC) on Wednesday directed Karnataka to release 4 tmcft of water to Tamil Nadu over the next fortnight even as it asked the latter to make a written submission on the issues it wants to be addressed.The committee said Karnataka must release 4 tmcft to the lower riparian state between November 1 and 15.The committee's four-page order said that any shortfall - which will be calculated on Thursday - should also be provided to Tamil Nadu during the period.At its October 11 meeting, the CMC had said Tamil Nadu should get 8.85 tmcft of water between October 16 and 31. \"The last award was applicable till today,\" an official said.The CMC's next meeting will be held here on November 15. The Supreme Court will be hear the case of the two riprarian states on November 26.On Supreme Court orders, the committee, headed by the water resources secretary, asked Tamil Nadu to make a written submission before the panel by November 2 on issues it wants to be addressed. When representatives of Tamil Nadu raised the issues, the committee asked them to make a written submission.\"We hereby direct the CMC to examine all issues as may be raised on behalf of the states and make recommendations,\" a Supreme Court bench of Justices DK Jain and JS Khehar had said on Tuesday.The apex court did not want to get into the allegations and counter-allegations by the two states against each other. Tamil Nadu's counsel CS Vaidyanathan showed the court an October 26 letter written by the Union water resources secretary to the two chief secretaries expressing reservations over the CMC going into allegations of deficit release.The bench had said both states must comply with the CMC's recommendations in letter and spirit.The CMC is headed by the Union water resources secretary, and has the chief secretaries and chief engineers of the basin states and the Central Water Commission chairman as its members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17043017", "title": "Obama will win the re-election, predict Americans", "text": "WASHINGTON: With less than a week left for the November 6 presidential election, majority of Americans believe that US President Barack Obama is better poised to win the elections than his Republican challenger Mitt Romney, the Gallup poll has said.A majority of Americans continue to believe that Obama will win re-election over Romney, by 54 per cent to 34 per cent, the Gallup said which took the polls over the weekend on October 27 and 28.\"These views are roughly similar to where they were in May and August, although slightly more Americans now do not have an opinion either way,\" it said.Since this poll was taken before Hurricane Sandy, it is unknown what effect the storm will have on Americans' voting preferences.The majority of Americans continue to project an Obama win on November 6. This is the case even though the general perception is that the race is highly competitive and the outcome still very much in doubt.\"National polls generally show a tight race with many, including Gallup, giving Romney an edge. State-level polls suggest Obama doing slightly better in key battleground states that will decide the Electoral College winner,\" it said.More generally, Americans may believe the incumbent has a natural advantage when competing for a new term.In three separate polls conducted over the 2004 presidential election, voters twice viewed incumbent George W Bush as the probable winner, including 56 per cent who said so the final time Gallup asked the question before the election.In 1996, an overwhelming majority (69 per cent) saw incumbent Bill Clinton as more likely to prevail than his opponent Robert Dole (24 per cent), it said.On Wednesday evening, Romney, who had been maintaining a slight national lead over Obama for the past few days lost the edge on the RealClearPolitics average of all major polls, which was now tied at 47.4 points for both the candidates.A joint poll by Quinnipiac University/CBS News/New York Times poll revealed that Obama is leading by five points in the crucial swing State of Ohio, and has gained ground in another two battleground States of Florida and Virginia.Obama now leads Romney 50 per cent to 45 per cent among likely voters in Ohio - exactly where the race stood on October 22, the poll said.His lead in Florida, however, has shrunk from nine points in September to just one point in the new survey, which shows Obama with 48 per cent support and Romney with 47 per cent.Obama's lead in Virginia has shrunk from five points in early October to two points in the new survey, which shows him with a 49 per cent to 47 per cent advantage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041890", "title": "Rail services disrupted, on track today", "text": "Though road and rail services were affected by reports of Cyclone Nilam edging towards the coast, flight movements remained unaffected despite strong surface winds. The Mass Rapid Transit System (MRTS) connecting Beach Station and Velachery was closed on Wednesday following the cyclone alert. Railway officials said the service would be restored on Thursday.In view of the heavy rainfall and wind in the coastal districts, Southern Railway cancelled some trains and diverted others. The Nagore-Bangalore City Passenger has been partially cancelled between Nagore and Vriddhachalam on Thursday. The same train was also partially cancelled on Wednesday.Officials from the Airports Authority of India, the Met department and airlines held an emergency meeting at the airport to monitor and assess the situation. \"Though the winds were favourable for landing on the main runway, there were concerns about whether the airport should be closed when the cyclone neared landfall,\" said an AAI official , adding that pilots were cautioned to keep an eye on strong crosswinds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17041046", "title": "Mother-son duo nabbed over thefts", "text": "NASHIK: The Sarkarwada police have arrested a mother and her son in connection with multiple cases of theft registered at the Sarkarwada police station.The suspects were identified as Seema Bhise (40) and Shubham Naresh Bhise (17). Both are residents of Preetam Apartments, at Gajanan Chowk, Panchavati and were nabbed by the Sarkarwada police after the latter received a tip off that they found the duo lingering near an electronics store on MG Road on Tuesday evening. Cops soon laid a trap and arrested the duo.Deputy commissioner of police Sahebrao Patil said that over the past few months there had been a few robberies reported at various shops. Footage from close circuit television cameras (CCTV) including other information the cops had received on the suspects helped them track down and nab the duo.During their interrogation, the mother-son duo admitted to have stolen a laptop worth Rs 45,000 from the Dell showroom at Viraj Corner, Sharanpur Road, Canada Corner. The stolen item was recovered from their Panchavati residence. Cops also recovered designer sun glasses worth Rs 20,000 in addition to three DVDs, a mobile handset, an FM radio set, five speakers, two ear phones, two computer accessories, and several other electronic items amounting to Rs 90,000 all of which were stolen from shops at M G Road, Ghankar Galli, Panchavati Karanja, Nehru Garden and Ganjamal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17039677", "title": "Plea in Bombay high court for stay on release of 'Son of Sardar'", "text": "NAGPUR: Two lawyers have approached the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court to stay the Diwali release of Ajay Devgan starrer 'Son of Sardar'. The movie's producer Devgan, Censor Board of Film Certification (CBFC) chairperson Leela Samson, and five others have been made respondents.The petitioners - Jatinderpal Singh Uppal and Taranjeet Singh Himmat Singh Bevali - have objected to dialogues and scenes in the movie, terming them as showing the Sikh community in poor light. Counsel for the petitioners Kamal Satuja said that Devgan, who portrays the character of a young sardar in the film, had mouthed some very obscene and indecent things about the community. Devgan, a leading character in the movie, is shown as a joker and an insane fellow who becomes an object of ridicule, he claimed.Satuja informed that they had earlier filed a complaint in this regard with CBFC, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and the CP and Jaripatka police, highlighting their grievances. However, none of them responded. He alleged that Devgan through this movie is sending a wrong message about Sikh religion to the society at large and is also spoiling the youth.Hearing on the petition was scheduled on Thursday before the bench comprising justices Pratap Hardas and AR Joshi, but then it was deferred by the court registry.Other respondents in the case include union information and broadcasting minister, state home ministry, National Commission for Minorities chairman Wajahat Habibullah, Nagpur commissioner of police and inspector of Jaripatka police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17044074", "title": "Maun ke saudagar!: Five questions that haunt Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Poll pundits and pollsters are predicting a clean sweep for chief minister Narendra Modi in the December assembly elections. Yet, it is the complacency among cadres and the silence of his rivals that is unnerving Modi. Harit Mehta raises a few questions that are clearly weighing on the mind of the 'Vote ka Saudagar'.1. Will people march out to vote if Modi's victory is taken for granted?Complacency killsAt least two reputed poll surveys have given the BJP a sweeping majority, triggering silent celebrations within the party. But, a few are discussing the fine-print of these polls. One is the popularity of Keshubhai Patel , which has more than doubled as compared to 2007. Besides, fewer people feel that the situation is tough for Modi today than it was in 2007, when his supporters had voluntarily poured out to 'save' the CM who said he was being \"targeted by enemies of Gujarat\".2. Are party workers over-reliant on Modi and not putting in much effort?One-man army\"Narendrabhai will pull a trick out of his hat at the last minute,\" is a common buzz among BJP cadres who are convinced Modi is still hiding a trump card. Those who have seen BJP grow from strength to strength in Gujarat say never before have workers been so confident of victory. A cadre-driven party, foot-soldiers have been BJP's real strength as they bridge the divide between voters and polling stations.3. Does the no-attack policy of Congress blunt Modi?No loose balls at ModiUnlike elections in 2002 and 2007, this time around Modi is fighting a poll devoid of any emotive issue. Riots and the 'Maut ka Saudagar' comment on fake encounters had fired up the previous two elections. This time around, no senior Congress leader has reacted to Modi's repeated provocative comments against Sonia Gandhi , Robert Vadra, Shashi Tharoor and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who he refers to as 'Maunmohan Singh. The Congress is not getting into a debate Modi is so keen on. \"He is waiting for one loose ball to hit a six. But, it is not coming,\" said a senior BJP leader.4. If the voters don't like Congress, is Keshubhai's GPP a viable option?Love and hate triangleFor the first time after 1995, when BJP came to power on its own, the Congress is showing resolve. Congress workers are putting up a united front, innovating on the go with their campaign. They are at their aggressive best. Keshubhai's Gujarat Parivartan Party is another factor senior BJP leaders are wary of with the grand old man poised to become a rallying point for all anti-Modi forces in the Sangh Parivar. This is the first election in which Modi has a triangular battle on hand, with a clear third force which threatens to eat into the BJP vote-bank, even if his cronies believe this is 'a one-sided fight'.5. Is there a gap between the hype around Modi's claims and the real Gujarat?Gujarat shining?The run-up to this assembly polls has some similarities with two of the biggest upsets in Indian politics in a single year. One, the 'India Shining' campaign by Atal Behari Vajpayee-led BJP and Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandra Babu Naidu's loss in 2004 despite him having the image of the state's development-oriented CEO. Both campaigns painted a picture which wasn't true on the ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17042059", "title": "Hubli residents demand basic amenities", "text": "HUBLI: Residents of the Nekar Nagar in old Hubli staged a rasta roko near Gabbur bypass road for more than 40 minutes on Wednesday demanding basic amenities and drinking water from the Malaprabha river for their area.The residents took out a march under the banner of the Vinayak Chowk Vividoddesha Abhivruddhi Sangh and Basavaraj Amminabhavi Geleyar Balaga from Basaveshwar Circle to the bypass road and staged a rasta roko.They alleged that though chief minister Jagadish Shettar has instructed the zilla panchayat to solve the problems of the area, ZP officials have not taken any steps in this regard. The protesters demanded Shettar to take action against the officials who have not obeyed his orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040617", "title": "Woman gets back gold chain snatched 4 months ago", "text": "MUMBAI: An employee of a stockbroking firm, Vinaya Panchal, who had been robbed of her gold chain on June 14 while she was seated inside the ladies compartment of a local at CST, received a call from the CST railway police on Tuesday saying that her chain had been recovered.The snatcher had barged into the coach, snatched her 6gm chain and escaped by hopping across to another local. \"It took three months to nab the culprit and an additional month to seek permission from the court to return my chain. My faith in the police force has been restored,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17040947", "title": "A bride all over again", "text": "Ahead of Karva Chauth, cosmetic surgeons and beauty clinics have their appointment diaries full with back-to-back procedures.A flurry of women are queuing up at city clinics for skin and hair treatments to wear their best look for Karva Chauth, with demands of a glowing skin, botox treatment, body art and fat reduction \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all this in a bid to steal the show among friends and grab the attention of their respective partners.\"This Karva Chauth I decided to undergo cosmetic procedure for eyebrow lifting, the result of which can be seen in just two days. I am feeling so much more confident and special. Moreover, the procedure is not painful and definitely worth the cost,\" said Swati Thakur, resident of Sector 15.\"I have been very busy with work recently, so this Karva Chauth I decided to pamper myself by undergoing a radio frequency skin tightening procedure. This has helped me attain a fresh look for the festive season ahead,\" said Shruti Banta, an art director in Sector 2.Karva Chauth is special because it gives all married women a chance to feel like brides all over again, explains Dr K M Kapoor. \"No one likes ageing, which is why people from all the age groups spend lakhs every year on over-the-counter products, prescription creams and fillers, besides undergoing cosmetic surgery. With Karva Chauth nearing, we have been receiving more than 10 cases a week for IPC laser and botox treatment. These treatments are easy and quite reasonable with almost immediate results.\"\"I have recently got married and this is my first Karva Chauth, so I decided to get a lip pouting treatment. This will be my special gift to my husband,\" said Manpreet Kaur, a resident of Sector 17.\"Married women or recently engaged women come to me before Karva Chauth and ask me to work on their skin. They want to look different. This festival season we have noticed a surge in women wanting to get botox treatment, with as many as 8 to 10 women wanting these in a week. Other popular treatments include photo facial, PRP injection, wrinkle treatments and ultrasonic fat reduction,\" said Dr P S Walia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17040355", "title": "Greens protest film shoot in forest", "text": "COIMBATORE: Resentment is brewing among green activists in the city against the controversial decision of the forest department to allow shooting for the Tamil film 'Nagarajacholan MA, MLA' deep inside the highly sensitive Kovai Kutralam forests on the foothills of Siruvani Hills.Citing a Supreme Court order prohibiting any non-forestry activity inside forests, Tamil Nadu Green Movement activists S Jayachandran and K Mohanraj said they plan to initiate legal proceedings against the principal chief conservator of forests, who allegedly gave permission to the crew to shoot inside the forest area.Permission for shooting the film, which is part two of the blockbuster Amaithipadai, was accorded only for two days. The crew and artists reached Kovai Kutralam on Wednesday morning. They spent the whole day inside the forest filming dance sequences. The shooting will continue on Thursday also. The film is being directed by Manivannan with Sathyaraj as the lead actor.Hearing about the film crew shooting inside the forest area which comes under the Boluvampatti range, green activists rushed to the spot. A verbal altercation between them and the officials ensued. When the activists confronted Boluvampatty range officer M S Parthiban, he said the permission to shoot inside the forest was granted from Chennai and he had nothing to do with it.District forest officer V Thirunavukarasu said that the film crew had applied for permission via the Information and Public Relations Department and it was granted by the forest department headquarters in Chennai. He claimed there was nothing illegal in giving permission as the crew did not enter the forest. The shooting sessions happened on the roadside. It took place in a tribal settlement on the forest fringes.However, environmentalists continued to allege that the crew had entered the forests. Nature Conservation Society president N I Jalaluddin, said that all green groups in the city would join hands to take legal action against those responsible for allowing the shoot to happen inside the forest area.A few months ago, a Telugu film crew at Aliyar Dam premises was removed following objections from green activists. They also prevented shooting of a Tamil film in the Dhimbam-Thalavady region last year. Boluvampatty forest is a haunt for wild animals including the tiger, leopard, dhole, gaur, sambar and spotted deer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17041473", "title": "This Ravana still stands tall", "text": "MHOW: The passersby on the Mhow-Indore road are surprised when they look at the Ravana effigy standing intact even today. The seventy-one feet iron structure of the effigy of Rawanairemains entact at the isolation ground where thousands of residents had witnessed it burning on the eve of Dussehra on October 24.Actually, this year the Dussehra celebration committee at Mhow cantonment had prepared an iron frame structure of Rawana and the material required for burning and fire crackers were attached to it. The structure which is detachable has been installed with a purpose of using it every year on dussehra.Committee president and Mhow Cantonment Board ward member Mohanlal Agrawal told TOI that this decision was taken by the committee this year to make a permanent structure that could be used every year thus saving recurring cost on the wooden structure every year. This will also save the environment by saving the wood.Agrawal said that 25 quintals of iron was used in it which costed Rs1.75 lakh. The structure is completely detachable and a hydraulic machine is required to assemble and de-assemble it.On why it was not removed till now, he said that the machine was not arranged and it will be done on Sunday after the machine arrives from Pithampur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040774", "title": "Lawyer's murder case: Security guard Sajjad told me he killed Pallavi, witness says", "text": "MUMBAI: The witness statements of two acquaintances of Sajjad Ahmed Mughal (28), accused of killing legal advisor Pallavi Purkayastha (25), might prove crucial in nailing the security guard. Sajjad had allegedly told these witnesses that he had killed Pallavi.The statements are part of the chargesheet filed by the crime branch on Tuesday. On August 9, Pallavi was found dead by her live-in partner, Avik Sengupta, at their flat in Wadala's Himalayan Heights.The two witnesses include a driver who worked for a resident of the building and a security guard. According to the driver, Sajjad repeatedly called him on the morning of August 9. When he finally answered the phone, the latter told him that he had killed a woman in the building as she had refused to let him work. When the driver questioned Sajjad on the murder, the guard reportedly laughed and hung up.Sajjad called him once again and said he wanted Rs 10,000 as he was going back to Jammu &amp; Kashmir. When the driver told Sajjad that he did not have the money, he hung up. The witness said he approached the police after he watched the news. The accused also contacted a fellow security guard and reportedly told him that he had killed Pallavi. He also asked for help.Another important witness is a neighbour who saw Sajjad lurking outside Pallavi's flat on the night (August 8) of the murder. When asked what he was doing, the guard allegedly told him that he had been asked to check the flat's power supply, which was getting disconnected. Another witness said Sajjad would frequently pass lewd remarks at women.In his three-page confession statement, Sajjad addressed the victim as \"Pallavi madam\". He said when Pallavi called him to complain about disruptions in the flat's power supply, he enquired about Avik. She told him that Avik was not at home and would return only in the morning.Describing the sequence of events, Sajjad said every time he went to the flat to address the problem, he saw Pallavi \"wearing shorts and a T-shirt\". At one point, he even mentioned her attire in front of an electrician. When the latter admonished him, the accused said he was just joking. \"While the electrician was restoring the power supply for the second time, I put the house key\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich was lying on the kitchen platform\u00e2\u20ac\u201din my pocket,\" he said in the statement.Sajjad said a few minutes later, he grabbed a knife that he had bought to cut fruits, put it inside a pocket and headed for Pallavi's flat with the intention of having a sexual encounter with her. \"Using the stolen key, I entered Pallavi madam's house and slowly opened the bedroom door. She was sleeping... I forced myself on her. She screamed for help. I got scared, took out the knife and slit her throat. I also jabbed her in the cheek with the knife,\" he said. Pallavi then put up a fight and ran towards the window, screaming for help. Sajjad repeatedly attacked her with the knife and fled. He then changed his clothes, washed himself and jumped over the building wall. The accused said he did \"time-pass\" till 5.30am and was eventually arrested at Mumbai Central station.KEY STATEMENTSAvik told the cops that once Pallavi had told him about Sajjad's lecherous behaviour. In reply, he said in jest that \"she was too beautiful\" and asked her not to take it seriously.Sajjad told a driver and a fellow security guard that he had killed PallaviWhen a neighbour asked Sajjad why he was hanging around Pallavi's flat, the accused said he had been asked to fix the power supplyOn the pretext of restoring the power supply, Sajjad asked Pallavi what time her live-in partner Avik would return", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040367", "title": "'PMC has completed only 1.78% of BRTS-II work'", "text": "PUNE: Since January last year the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has implemented only 1.78% of the total work of the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) phase II on 27 city roads, senior Congress corporator Aba Bagul said on Wednesday.In January 2011, the civic standing committee had approved a proposal to implement the second phase of the BRTS on 27 roads in the city at a cost of Rs 98 crore. Prominent among the selected roads are Tilak Road, Bajirao Road, Shivaji Road, Fergusson College and Jangli Maharaj roads.\"The PMC floated tenders and issued work orders in January last year. Three companies were assigned to build bus stops and footpath dividers. The civic body also issued a mobilisation advance to these companies. But according to the information provided in response to a Right to Information plea, these companies have carried out only 1.78% of the total work,\" Bagul told reporters.The total length of the BRTS is estimated to be around 101 km. The first phase is supposed to be implemented on roads which have already been widened to 36 m. Such roads will have dedicated BRTS lanes, while those which cannot be widened up to 36 m will have mixed BRTS.Each 36-m road will have a seven-metre dedicated lane for buses and 0.9-inch cement dividers with 0.3-m high iron railings. The 101-km BRTS route will have 247 bus stops. Work on this infrastructure will start immediately.\"The PMC has not pressed contractors to complete the work. Cost escalation will put extra burden on the civic body if work is delayed,\" said Bagul.The Union and state governments have together given Rs 548 crore for the BRTS. These funds have already been used by the PMC for road-widening work and other related infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17040471", "title": "Roll back Mhada flat price hike: Rane", "text": "MUMBAI: The state cabinet on Wednesday witnessed opposition to Mhada's move to hike prices of flat already allotted. Senior Congress minister Narayan Rane demanded a roll back of the move. The state housing board recently raised prices for flats allotted in Powai and Malvani by Rs 15 lakh and Rs 2.5 lakh respectively. Rane claimed that prices for flats allotted in a scheme in Goregaon 10 years ago had been raised.Demand to clip PWD powersCongress ministers Rane and Satej Patil and NCP's Rajesh Tope demanded the charge of maintenance of buildings occupied by other departments be taken off the PWD and the budget for maintenance be assigned to respective departments.No change to the lease policyThe state cabinet confirmed minutes of its new policy for lease lands in Mumbai without any modification. There were indications that the term for revision of lease rent would be modified from five to 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041403", "title": "Congress leader jibes at Sriprakash Jaiswal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Congress leader from Uttarakhand and state general secretary Vijay Saraswat said leaders of the party should pay attention to strengthening party cadres instead of participating in government functions. Though Saraswat did not make any direct reference to a Congress leader or minister, the obvious allusion to Union Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal could not be missed. Jaiswal, in Lucknow on Wednesday to participate in several party and government-related functions, excused himself early from a Youth Congress event citing prior commitments. Saraswat, who was present on the dais along with Jaiswal, made the comments right after the latter's departure.Jaiswal was back at the party headquarters later. Addressing press conference on the Coal India Limited's growth, the Kanpur MP and minister said he was happy it had registered 9 per cent growth in the current fiscal. Jaiswal added the company supplied 12 per cent more coal to the power sector this year, in comparison to the previous fiscal. He defended CIL against what he referred to as \"rumours\" of depleting coal reserves in many power plants. Also giving a status update on the CBI enquiry into the matter on directions of the Central Vigilance Commissioner, Jaiswal said CBI would soon make public the findings of their enquiry. \"They have been investigating. Some FIRs have also been lodged. Wherever necessary we will take strict action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17041492", "title": "Thanks to Pal, Gujarat University hikes annual security bill by Rs 36L", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bill of Gujarat University (GU) vice-chancellor Adesh Pal's obsession with personal security totals up to Rs three lakh per month. GU campus is abuzz with Pal now hiring four gunmen to guard his residence during the night time as well taking the total number of personal security personnel to 11.GU officials say that salaries of 100-odd security guards who watch over 45 buildings of the GU come to Rs four lakh per month. In comparision, the bill of guarding just VC is Rs three lakh per month.\"This is nothing but personal obsession with security and projecting oneself as important. GU does not pose such a high threat to the VC to make him hire 11 security personnel,\" said syndicate member and former education minister Narhari Amin.Amin said that such a huge expense on personal security was a sheer waste of resources collected as fee from the students. \"This money can be used for the betterment of facilities for the students or sponsoring scholarships to poor students who cannot afford higher education,\" Amin said.It needs mention that Pal had hired four bouncers, one personal security guard and four gunmen to guard him after joining the VC office.His provocation to beef up his security was an agitation wherein he was reportedly pushed by the student leaders.After that, GU has remained more or less peaceful, but Pal continues to add to his security. Recently, he added four gunmen to guard his residence during the night time as well. He has also built an iron grill just before the entry to his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17040764", "title": "MNS complains to state over Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation's working", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad unit of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has complained to the state government that general body (GB) meetings of the municipal corporation are being frequently adjourned and this has had an effect on development works.MNS city unit president Manoj Salunke and other elected office-bearers and corporators have sent a letter to the state chief secretary saying that in the last eight months since the new civic body came into existence, GB meetings have been adjourned five times. The meetings are important as corporators can raise questions about civic development works.The meetings also debate on all the resolutions approved by various committees, including standing committee, which takes all decisions related to finances, zonal committees, law committee and city improvement committee.The standing committee itself approves an average 250 proposals every week. In the last eight months, more than 8,000 proposals have been approved by the standing committee, Salunke said.The letter said that the municipal corporation has a budget of Rs 1,800 crore and decisions have to be taken on various development works and projects. The MNS has demanded that the state government should issue instructions to the municipal corporation to hold meetings regularly and streamline the functioning of the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17042222", "title": "Cola resident forges SSCE certificate", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Wednesday booked a case of cheating against Nagesh Velip, a resident of Cola, Canacona, on charges of submitting a forged SSCE passing certificate to the employment exchange, Margao. Acting on a complaint lodged by the headmaster of Tatyani Baneshwar high school, Canacona, the Margao police have booked a case under Section 420 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041911", "title": "Shelters slow to get supplies, people refuse to leave homes", "text": "Devaki , 55, of Mahalakshmi Street in Besant Nagar bent double as she struggled against heavy winds on her way to the government shelter at a corporation primary school nearby on Wednesday. Enveloped in her saree was her five-year old grandson Surya of the same school. The sand blowing in her face made progress difficult. When she finally made it to the shelter, there was no power. \"Water and food will come, but later in the day. It's the same story every year. I have been taking shelter here for 10 years. There is a storm every year.\"By 6pm, visibility was zero there was no sign of drinking water or food. The situation was the same at the three other corporation school shelters in the Adyar zone. \"We can manage with water from our tank,\" said Palani, a staff member at a corporation school near Olcott kuppam said at 9pm. \"But the food hasn't arrived yet. About 25 people are taking shelter here.\"Although cyclone Nilam dissipated after it made landfall, the strong winds and periodic drizzles drove many homeless from nearby localities to the shelters. A majority of those taking shelter at the local corporation school at Odaimanagar were from a nearby slum where 75 huts were burnt recently. \"We have been living and sleeping near the Ashtalakshmi temple,\" said Shakuntala, a 63-year-old who came with her daughter and grand-daughter . \"We are living off hand-outs and we come here daily scraps from midday meals.\"However, many shelters remained near-empty as residents of hamlets along the coast refused to budge out of their houses. \"The wind is bad, but the rain is not very heavy,\" said Prema P of Urur kuppam who runs a fish stall on Elliot's beach. \"So we are not moving out. We might lose our valuables ,\" she added, pointing to the television.The Chennai Corporation also opted not to evacuate people. \"We are instead dropping food packets at these hamlets,\" said a corporation official . \"We have cooked food for 20,000 people and procured 15000 loaves of bread.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17040201", "title": "Auction of animal hides fetches Rs 3 cr", "text": "HYDERABAD: Auction of animal skins collected by madrassas and charitable organisations was completed on Wednesday. The Anjuman-e-Tajeran-e-Chirm (Association of Skin Traders) held the auctions at about a dozen institutions in the city. The hides reportedly fetched close to Rs 3 crore.According to sources, about 60,000 skins were purchased by the traders in open auctions. The first auction of the day was held at Majlis-e-Tameer-e-Millat, near Narayanaguda, at around 10 am and continued till late in the evening at different places across the city.The largest numbers of skins, about 30,000, were bought from Jamea Nizamia, the 135-year-old seminary located in Shibli Gunj, Old City. It was followed with about 9,000 skins auction at Islamic Social Society run under the umbrella of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind at Purani Haveli.The money raised through the sale of skins forms a major portion of the annual budgets of the schools that solely run on donations.\"Since the money from the sale of skins is used for education, health and helping the poor, the traders show greater interest in buying,\" Mohammed Azharuddin, vice-president of Islamic Social Service Society said. The society runs a school and a maternity hospital that is manned by women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17040084", "title": "Six Congress MLAs 'begging' for entry: BJP", "text": "PANAJI: The BJP on Wednesday claimed that six Congress MLAs were \"begging for favours, forgiveness and entry into the BJP\", but that the BJP would not accept them.While slamming Congress observer Sudhakar Reddy for his utterances in Goa on Tuesday, BJP vice president Dr Wilfred Mesquita said that the Congress convention of Tuesday was a \"colourless exercise meant to divert the attention of the people of Goa from the boycott of this meeting by six Congress MLAs.\"Mesquita declined to name the six MLAs saying that they would come forward to reveal themselves.The BJP also expressed disappointment with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for failing to \"honour Goa and Goans by appointing a Goan as a union minister in the last reshuffle of the union cabinet.\"Mesquita said that \"failure to do so is a clear sign that the Congress party has given up both the Lok Sabha seats (in Goa), even before the election race has started.\"Referring to Reddy's statement that the Congress will try to get central assistance for the mining affected people in Goa, Mesquita said this was a volte face by the Congress. \"When Manohar Parrikar proposed to lead an all-party delegation to New Delhi to seek union government support to tide over the mining crises, it was the Congress which turned down the suggestion. Why this volte face now? Is it because the Congress is feeling guilty for allowing uncontrollable mining in Goa which has led to this present sorry situation?\" Mesquita asked.Mesquita said that the Goa government will file an affidavit in the Supreme Court to protect the interests of the less privileged class affected by mining in Goa.Mesquita took strong exception to the statement of Reddy who said that the Congress was disinterested in toppling the BJP government in Goa. \"People of Goa have given full mandate to the BJP and we have still four and half years to rule. Like many promises made in our manifesto and fulfilled in a short span of time, the BJP is committed to the promise given for a clean and transparent government in Goa,\" Mesquita said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17040224", "title": "Police preserve DNA samples of dacoits killed in encounter", "text": "BHOPAL: Police have preserved blood samples of the four dacoits, who were gunned down in Satna, for DNA tests to avert post-encounter controversies, said sources. All four - members of the Balkhadia gang - were killed in an encounter at Banka Pahar area on Thursday.Two of them were identified as Bandheja Jatav, and Fauji alias Chunwad Patel of Kurvi district in Uttar Pradesh (UP) on the same day. Remaining two were identified on Monday as Hari Kol- known as a close associate of slain Dadua's gang - and Ramnath (uncle of Bandheja Jhatav).Ramnath was among 13 prisoners who had escaped from the custody of jail guards while being driven back to jail after a court hearing in UP's Banda district on August 8, Satna superintendent of police (SP) P S Bisht told TOI.\"We identified the remaining two with the help of their family members. As of now, we don't require a DNA test,\" said the SP. Samples can be used in case of any contradictions, he said.In another case, Satna police have sent bone samples of an unidentified person for DNA test to the State Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL), Sagar following claims made by a UP based family. The skeleton was found in a forest area under the Nayagaon police station two weeks ago.A family from Chitrakoot had approached Nayagaon police station claiming that the skeleton was of Ram Chandra Patel - a dacoit who carried a reward of nearly Rs 2,00,000 including Rs 50,000 by MP police and Rs 75,000 by the UP police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17039916", "title": "Rs 87 crore National Games kitty goes missing", "text": "PANAJI: Ever wondered why not even a single National Games project took off during the erstwhile Congress government?The planning commission has been religiously allocating money to the state government from October 6, 2010, but the state government instead of using the money to build infrastructure for the oft-postponed National Games, has diverted the money elsewhere, leaving the Manohar Parrikar-led-government with not even a penny to spend.\"As per records, the central government has provided additional central assistance to Goa, including soft loans, to the tune of Rs 87 crore over the past three years. But this money is not to be found anywhere in the Sports Authority of Goa's accounts,\" said a senior official from the sports ministry.The central government had allocated Rs 40 crore (2009-10), Rs 35 crore (Rs 2010-11) and a soft loan of Rs 12 crore for the past three years. But the previous government is alleged to have usurped the money and used it for projects like roads and irrigation.\"When the central government transfers money to the state treasury it goes into a consolidated account. It was for the (then) state government to transfer the money to SAG, but they kept the money in a common pool and used it for other purpose,\" said the official.The Centre -- largely swayed by a promise made by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during his holiday here in December, 2007 -- had specifically allotted the finances for National Games and, according to guidelines, these funds could not be used for any other purpose.\"The total sanction is for Rs 260 crore but since we have not submitted a utility certificate for the previous funds that were transferred, those funds have been stuck. We are left with nothing now,\" said the official.If the funds were still available, sources said, the interest accrued on them could have been as high as Rs 16 crore for the past three years.As per previous assembly replies, the Congress government had drawn up plans to spend Rs 371.5 crores on building infrastructure for the National Games with contribution from the state as well as the centre.The estimated expenditure on development/creation of new sports infrastructure included: Pernem -- Kabaddi (Rs 11 crore); Dhargal: Athletics (Rs 80 crore), hockey (Rs 18 crore), equestrian (Rs 7 crore), rifle shooting (Rs 24 crore), kho kho (Rs 2 crore), archery (Rs 1 crore), baseball (Rs 20 crore); Colvale: Canoeing, kayaking, rowing (Rs 9 crore), Peddem sports complex, Mapusa: boxing, judo, karate (Rs 12 crore), Nerul: cycling, skating (Rs 12 crore), Campal: aquatics, tennis, badminton , table tennis (Rs 60 crore), Caranzalem: Yachting, triathlon, beach volleyball (Rs 11.50 crore); Goa University: Basketball, football ( women ), fencing (Rs 15 crore), Fatorda: football (men), taekwondo (Rs 41 crore); MCC Margao: Handball, gymnastics (Rs 22 crore); Shiroda: Volleyball, bodybuilding (Rs 16 crore); Ponda: weightlifting, wrestling (Rs 10 crore).All the venues and estimates are now being reviewed with the consultants, Shashi Prabhu &amp; Associates, who have been asked to draw up fresh plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039931", "title": "Devanagari \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcwrite\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 choice for Inter Sanskrit test: Govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: The intermediate examination in 2013 will have one mandatory rule which is expected to put a decades-old practice to an end. Stalling students from writing the Sanskrit examination in languages including Telugu, English and Hindi, minister for secondary education, K Parathasarathi announced on Wednesday that Sanskrit paper in inter examinations should be written in Devanagari script. Board of Intermediate Education (BIE) has been allowing students to answer the Sanskrit paper in any language of their choice for the last few years.The new rule will be applicable for inter first year students who will be appearing for Intermediate Public Examination (IPE), 2013 which is to be held in March. The second year students will be exempted from this rule for the coming examinations. The decision has come after several language experts complained that the practice of writing the Sanskrit examination in other languages kills the very purpose of opting for the language in the first place.The staunchest opposition against the old rule had come from Budda Prasad, chairman, Andhra Pradesh Official Language Commission Mandali, who pointed out that opting for Sanskrit had become just an easy way to score marks in IPE. Observers said that the decision to scrap the old rule has come after the official languages committee repeatedly complained that less than 5 per cent of the 10 lakh students who appear for intermediate examinations every year opt for Telugu as the Sanskrit examination is more easy to score good marks.The minister who held a press conference said that students who opt for the language should be taught to write the script in classrooms. As per the BIE records over 90 per cent of the students in the state opt for Sanskrit over Telugu or Hindi to score well in IPE. Intermediate lecturers said that the new rule will make the examination difficult for several students as there are hardly any Sanskrit classes in colleges. \"There are a very few Sanskrit teachers. Since the examination can be written in any language, the portions for the paper are wrapped up in just about three classes in a year,\" said P Madhusudan Reddy, general secretary, Government Junior College Lecturers' Association.In the press meet, the minister also announced that admissions to AP Residential Educational Society will be conducted through an entrance test. The minister also announced setting up of two regional centres under the society in Guntur and Anantapur for the academic year 2013-14.Commerce Economics Civics (CEC) course will be introduced in five general junior colleges of the society in districts including Vizianagaram, Krishna, Nellore, Nalgonda and Warangal, he added. Also, 40 seats in all will be added to nine general colleges belonging to the society. The state government is also planning to set up new junior colleges using Nabard funds worth Rs 50 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17041587", "title": "One killed, two Chinese hurt in mine blast", "text": "BOKARO: One employee of a Chinese company that was given contract by the Electrosteel Casting Limited (ECL) for its mining work at Parbatpur was killed and three others, including two Chinese nationals, were injured in a blast on Wednesday.Bankim Bauri, an employee of China Coal No.5 Construction India Private Limited (CCN5CIPL), was killed while Yang Duan, Wang Tir Ping and Amulaya Bauri were injured in the blast that took place in the coal mine of the ECL at Parbatpur in Chandankyari block of the district on Wednesday.The victims were performing mining work at about 700 meters underground when an explosive blew off.Following the incident, several hundred workers blocked the ECL gate demanding compensation and job for the kin of the deceased. Amulaya was a resident of Silphor village of the area. The two injured Chinese men have been under treatment at a nursing home in Chas, while the other worker received minor injuries, said sources.The ECL has allotted contract to CCN5CIPL, a Chinese company, to perform the mining work. The company is carrying out mining activities in 700 acres of land in Chandankyari. There is one open cast mine, two shafts and four inclined's in the ECL.ECL general manager C P Pandey said the incident occurred when mining activities were carried on inside the inclined. \"There were several explosives installed, which is in a normal routine for coal mining. Unfortunately of those explosives, one which had not blown off earlier exploded when the workers get close to the spot killing one and injuring others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "haldia/kolkata", "code": "17041431", "title": "Bengal Police start probe after HBT endgame", "text": "HALDIA/KOLKATA: Three days after HBT complained to police that three officials were abducted in the dead of night from their Haldia home, a police team finally found the time to talk to the residents of the housing complex where the alleged kidnapping took place.Around the same time in Kolkata, HBT was announcing its decision to quit Bengal because \"the authorities responsible for ensuring law and order... have openly renounced and abandoned their responsibilities\".The police had so far questioned the veracity of the kidnapping complaint \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a discretion which the law doesn't provide them.East Midnapore SP Sukesh Jain, who has consistently denied the kidnapping, on Wednesday said that a police team has left for Vizag to record the statements of the three persons who claim to have been abducted.\"We are also speaking to the people at the place where the incident took place,\" he said. Only a day ago, Jain was showing reporters an SMS from one of the alleged victims that he was leaving Haldia on his own. The SP even argued that this person had checked out of a Haldia hotel after clearing his dues. This led to accusations that police were trying to mark it as a false complaint even before investigating it.Can the police do it? No, say legal experts. Whether or not a complaint is true has to be borne out in the final report (or chargesheet), not before investigation is completed, they say.\"If a complaint reveals a cognizable offence, police have to investigate. Their discretion is only limited to making arrests based on it or search and seizures. They cannot question the veracity of the complaint,\" said criminal lawyer Tamal Mukherjee, adding: \"If the complaint is false then the final report will state it. The complainant can be prosecuted.\"The SP's statement was disputed by the three alleged victims in a written statement on Wednesday. Captain Manpreet Jolly said he was forced to send the SMS at gunpoint. Jain said they were \"looking into it\".Did the SP jump the gun when even his superiors chose not to comment? IGP (Western Range) Gangesgwar Singh said, \"The matter is under investigation and nothing can be said now.\" DIG (Midnapore Range) L M Meena said, \"The SP is supervising the investigation. Nothing can be said before it is completed.\"On Monday, Jain had ruled out that any HBT official was abducted and claimed that Capt Jolly wasn't even in Sankhini Apartments then. But it was only on Wednesday that police spoke to the apartment's residents. \"Police spoke to people and neighbours this morning,\" said SDPO Amitabha Maiti.Assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra remarked sarcastically: \"After the Park Street rape case a senior officer was transferred for not toeing the chief minister's line. So the East Midnapore SP toed what the CM and her party leaders said. He had to do his job.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041342", "title": "New project for ex-servicemen", "text": "LUCKNOW: The central command of Indian army, based out of Lucknow Cantonment, showcased the progress of its pilot project 'Desh Seva' initiated for the welfare of ex-servicemen (ESM) of Uttar Pradesh. The project is aimed at providing re-employment opportunities, health facilites, pension entitlement and housing, to over 1.5 lakh ESM settled in the state.The pilot project of the two-year long project was launched in Mainpuri district almost 60 days back.Out of the 1,200- odd cases officials have received since the project was kicked off, 1,024 have been able resolved.While complaints pertaining to civil administration and district administration take relatively longer to be resolved, those related to pension entitlement were processed quickly by the army, as they fell within their purview.The initiative is the brainchild of Anil Chait, Lieutenant General. Chait said, \"Most of the ESM stay in extremely remote areas and are able to visit zonal army divisions on rare occasions. Their complaints, as a result, took time to reach us and turn around time of their solutions used to be longer. This is just one positive gesture of their contribution to the nation.\"The army sent out teams to the ESM to check if they had any pending issues and created a database.With the help of the new system, all the ESM will now get the same benefits as specified by the government.\"For example, if we revise the pension of one ESM in Mainpuri as per latest recommendations, all similar cases in the state will get updated accordingly through the database,\" added Chait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17039769", "title": "Maharashtra govt nod to primary school grants", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite objections from the state finance department, the cabinet on Wednesday approved a proposal to provide non-salary grants to primary and upper primary schools.The grants, to be provided from April 2013, will benefit over 20,000 schools. The finance department questioned the rationale of extending both salary and non-salary grants to \"private\" schools. \"It is not a sound public finance model where the government gives grants to private schools,\" it said. Schools had demanded the grants, discontinued in 2004, to meet expenses for maintenance of libraries, laboratories, toilets, etc.The school education department however justified the move, claiming in the absence of grants, schools would collect higher fees from students, which was not permissible. The government will suffer an annual over Rs 330 crore burden due to the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17039742", "title": "Pedestrian loses life in Gr Noida road accident", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A pedestrian, who was the vice principal of Bachelors in Education Training Institute, lost her life in a road accident after a bus hit an auto-rickshaw, which in turn crashed into a motorcycle that drove into her, said the police.Police said the deceased, B Sharda, had been standing on the pavement at the Surajpur Crossing in Greater Noida. \"The bus was allegedly being driven at a high speed. She was standing at the crossing to catch an auto to go to work,\" said a senior police officer. Cops said the bus hit the auto from behind after which it hit a bike.\"Due to high momentum, the bike climbed in the pavement and hit the woman. She fell and hit her head and died on the spot,\" said the police. A case has been registered against the bus driver, who fled the spot. Police added that they haven't named the bike driver in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17040329", "title": "One killed, 19 injured as two TNSTC buses collide head on", "text": "COIMBATORE: One person was killed while 19 others sustained severe injuries after two government buses collided head on near Annur in Coimbatore district on Wednesday morning. Police said, one woman passenger, seated behind the driver's cabin died on the spot after she sustained severe head injuries due to the impact. The injured passengers including including seven women have been admitted to Annur and Mettupalayam government hospitals.According to police, the deceased has been identified as N Rukmani, 52 of Ammapalayam near Avinashi in Tirupur district. She was travelling along with her husband Nagarajan, ex-serviceman, in a government bus which runs between Tirupur - Mettupalayam. The couple had planned to go to Ooty.Police said, over 23 passengers were travelling in a TNSTC bus which was going to Erode from Kotagiri in Nilgiris district. On Wednesday around 10 am, the bus driver M Sathishkumar tried overtaking a motorcycle at Mekinar Pirivu near Annur. The bus collided head on with another TNSTC bus from the opposite direction, from Tirupur - Mettupalayam with 40 passengers. Both the bus driver's cabins were completely mangled in the collision and one of the bus drivers Jayakumar's legs were caught in it.The woman passenger Rukmani sustained severe head injuries and died on the spot. Her body was sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for post mortem. The Annur police inspector, VSS Ananda Arockiaraj, sub-inspector C Subburaj rushed to the spot and rescued the passengers and sent them to Annur and Mettupalayam government hospital. It took more than an hour to release the driver's legs from the mangled cabin. He was rushed to CMCH for advanced treatment.Meanwhile, Kotagiri- Erode bound bus deflected in the impact of the collision and fell into a 10-feet road side ditch. None of the passengers were injured. Annur police registered a case and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17041817", "title": "Congress leaders salute Indira Gandhi, Sardar Patel", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Congress leaders and workers paid tributes to former prime minister Indira Gandhi on her 28th death anniversary, at Anand Bhawan on Wednesday.Recalling the contribution of former PM, city Congress president Shyam Krishna Pandey said \"Fighting in favourable and unfavourable circumstances with one vision, mission and passion to build the nation was the salient quality of Indiraji which brought her at par with international leaders of her times.\" He exhorted the youths to follow her ideals and rise to the occasion for rural re-construction and all round development of the country.Congress MLA Anugrah Narayan Singh said, \"Indiraji was a citizen of the world in every sense of term and was a relentless crusader for disarmament and peace who left behind a deep imprint on history which few leaders can do.\"Congress leaders also paid glowing tributes to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel on his birth anniversary and took an oath to fight terrorism and growing communalism.In the evening, a seminar on Indira Gandhi and Patel was organised at party office where the speakers recalled the contribution of the two leaders in nation building. Those present included Kishore Varshney, Jawed Urfi, Fuzail Hashmi, Mukund Tiwari, Tariq Saeed , P C Pandey and Ajay Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17041719", "title": "Sketch of woman who stole baby released", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have generated a computer-assisted image of the woman who is suspected to have stolen a four-day-old girl from the Rajah Sir Ramasamy Mudaliar Maternity (RSRM) Hospital in Royapuram on Thursday last.Experts worked on the image captured by a CCTV camera at the hospital with the help of people who had visited the hospital on the day. The portrait would now be pasted at bus stops, auto stands, railway stations and other public places. People can inform police on 23452504 and 23452507 to pass on any information on the woman. The informer's identity would be kept confidential, police said on Wednesday.\"The raw image recorded by CCTV was too grainy, so we had to work on it with inputs from witnesses. We have distributed the picture to all police stations in the city,\" said, D Maheshwaran, deputy commissioner of police, Washermenpet. The hospital had 32 cameras in its premises. The image captured by one of the cameras showed a sari-clad woman carrying the baby.Kalaiarasi, 24, wife of an auto driver, had delivered the baby on Thursday last. Her mother Karpagam, had gone to the toilet at 9am, leaving the child beside a sleeping Kalaiarasi. When she returned, the baby was missing. She woke Kalaiarasi up and the two searched in the ward before informing the authorities. The hospital gate was closed and several people joined the search. CCTV footage showed an unidentified woman looking at several babies inside the ward. Later she was shown lifting Kalaiarasi's baby and moving out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17042506", "title": "Is Sreedharan the only option for Kochi Metro? HC asks", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Wednesday clarified that it was the government's policy decision to decide how the Kochi Metro Rail Project should be implemented and, in that context, queried if no expert other than E Sreedharan was available to implement the prestigious project.The observation was made by a division bench comprising chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice AM Shaffique while considering a petition by a local leader of BJP challenging the plan to invite global tenders for the project. The public interest litigation by Balachandran G Nair had sought the court's intervention to ensure that Sreedharan heads the project and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is entrusted with the project's implementation.The court allowed the petitioner to withdraw the petition following advocate general K P Dandapani's contention that the petition was politically motivated and that the allegations raised were premature. During the hearing, the government pointed out that the Supreme Court has held that global tenders should be invited for major projects and that the government can only proceed within the constraints of the law.The state government also submitted that its intention was to assign the project to DMRC and Sreedharan but DMRC hasn't so far expressed willingness to execute the project. Sreedharan has retired from DMRC and is now functioning as an adviser to the Corporation.The petitioner had alleged that chief minister Oommen Chandy and his party men were planning to float a global tender for the project in order to get commission. Foreign agencies are in the habit of giving commission up to 20% of the project's total cost to the persons at the helm of affairs or working as agents for getting such tenders.WHY SREEDHARAN IS THE BEST BET ? E Sreedharan has a sterling record of successfully executing public utility projects \u00e2\u20ac\u201d repaired Pamban Bridge in 1963, built Kolkata Metro (1970), Konkan Railway (1990s) and Delhi MetroSreedharan's unimpeachable integrity and work ethic have turned Delhi Metro into a huge successHis engineering and managerial excellence, apart from the fact that he is a son of the soil, make him the natural choice to lead the Kochi Metro project", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17039723", "title": "Couples looted of Rs 10 lakh", "text": "NOIDA: Unidentified assailants looted cash and valuables worth Rs 10 lakh from two families who were going towards the airport early Wednesday morning for their vacation. Police said the robbery took place near Spice Mall after the Innova in which the two families were travelling was stopped by the assailants, who attacked and looted them. Police in the evening revealed that the same miscreants had also committed two robberies in Delhi and Ghaziabad.The incident in Noida took place at 4.30am when a resident of Sector 52, Kamal, along with his wife Shweta, was going on a vacation. They were accompanied by another couple, RK Mishra and his wife Sarojini. When they reached Spice Mall, a car overtook them and five men held them at gunpoint. After looting them, the miscreants fled towards Delhi. \"On facing resistance, the criminals thrashed the victims and threatened them with dire consequences,\" said a senior police officer.The assailants took away Rs 50,000 in cash, 10 gold rings and other valuables. Both Kamal and RK Mishra work for a private IT company.During investigation, police found that the criminals had carjacked the Innova from the Apsara border in Ghaziabad from a cab driver after holding him at gunpoint. The miscreants then headed towards south Delhi, where they stopped a Santro car occupied by a couple and a senior citizen. They looted the family and then fled towards Noida. After committing the robbery in Noida, the miscreants abandoned the car.Police have registered an FIR at the Sector 24 police station in the Noida robbery and started investigating the case. Noida police seem to be failing in providing security to city residents as this is the fourth major loot reported in the Sector 24 police station area. Police have, so far, failed to crack even a single case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17042471", "title": "Akashavani goes poetic to celebrate Rajyotsava", "text": "MYSORE: Prasaranga of the University of Mysore has tied up with Akashavani to spread the fragrance of Kannada classical poetry among Gen Next.Halegannada Kavyadare, aimed at popularizing the medieval literature, is taken up as the state celebrates Kannada Rajyotsava today.To mark the occasion, poems penned by Pampa, Harihara, Kanakadasa and Ragahvanka etc between the 9 century AD and the 16 century AD will be aired for five minutes for a month. The programme will be aired from November 1 from Tuesday and Saturday at 8.05am.\"We have done nothing much to popularize classical poetry as we have forgotten they are the reason to tag Kannada as Classical Language,\" said Prasaranga director C Naganna.The Union government declared Kannada as classical language last year. The roots of the language traces back to emperor Ashoka's Brahmagiri edict dated 230 BC. Kannada words are found in Greek comedies of the first and second century AD, he told TOI.The first full-length Kannada edict is Halmidi that dates back to 450 AD. The first-ever available literary work is \"Kaviraja Maaraga\" of 850 AD, a text on literary criticism. There are references to many writers such as Shree Vijaya, Kaveeshwara and Durvineeta in the text, which traces the history of Kannada literature even then for over 1,200 years.\"The \"Vachana Sahitya\" composed in the 12th century is purely native and unique in world literature. However, having so much of richness and classical language tag, we have not done anything to familiarize classical poetry,\" Naganna said.A few earlier texts of medieval age from 9 century AD to 16 century AD written by Shrivijaya,Pampa, Harihara, Kanakadasa and Ragahavanka will be recited by gamakis K Ramachandra, Mattu Krishnaswamy, Padmvathi Narasimhan, Rajeshwari Pandit and R S Annapoorna. It will be interpreted by scholars Shivaji Jois, Vasath Bharadwaj, S N Taranath, Mysore Krishnamurthy and Kalashree.Broadcast will commence with a talk by vice-chancellor of University of Mysore V G Talawar on November 1 at 8.05am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17041797", "title": "Mosquitoes swarm pose threat to health, life of people in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the city reporting an increasing number of dengue deaths, mosquito swarms are posing a threat to health and life in Sangam city. Mosquitoes are proliferating because of water lying stagnant in potholes on the roads and open drains and in water coolers at home, besides on heaps of garbage on roadsides. To make things worse, the bright street lights and illumination in households, is attracting army of insects which attack houses at night.Although the humming menace has spread in all localities of the city, irrespective of whether posh or ordinary, the old city areas are worst hit.Although AMC authorities have pressed fogging machines into service in selected areas, unhygienic conditions and heaps of garbage make things worse for residents.Be it Dariyabad, Kareli, Attarsuiya, Khuldabad, or Preetam Nagar, all areas are affected by mosquitoes.The narrow bylanes of these localities make it difficult for the fogging machines to move and spray the mosquito repellants.As the night approaches, localities such as Preetam Nagar, Rajrooppur, George Town, Tagore Town, Talirganj, Govindpur and others are infested by mosquitoes. Choked drains, filthy water bodies and unhygienic conditions of the lanes have worsened the problem.\"Although main drains of the locality are covered, no one is there to take care of the garbage which gets collected in the container but remains unmoved right in front of our gate providing a perfect breeding ground for mosquitoes,\" said Anjana, a resident of Preetam Nagar.The high temperature during day and cold nights are an ideal breeding condition for the insects.\"Pupa of female mosquito, lying for around two months have suddenly got the conducive condition to mature,\" said Prof U C Srivastava, senior faculty member of department of Zoology, Allahabad University. When the average temperature is around 30 degree Celsius, the pupa turns into adult mosquitoes rapidly.Once there is a large number of adult mosquitoes, the rate of larva multiplication increases too. This is why we have such a large numbers of mosquitoes this year,\" he added.\"Wait for some more time until the day temperature comes down too, and then there would be some respite,\" said Srivastava. These mosquito-bites often not only leave scars on the skin, but also pose serious health hazard,\" he added.Mosquitoes are the potent carrier of various diseases.It is the female of most of the species of mosquitoes which sucks blood, transporting bacteria of hazardous diseases into the human body. Malaria and dengue are names of some common diseases spread by mosquito bites, said Dr S K Shukla, former head department of Medicines, MLN Medical College.Talking of steps to be taken in case of mosquito bite, Dr V K Srivastava advises, \"Clean the spot on the skin where the mosquito has bitten with mild soap and water. This will not only bring about temporary respite from the itch, but also wash away bacteria. Try not to scratch the spot on the skin that has been bitten by mosquito. Too much of scratching can cause harm to the skin and even bleeding. One can apply a cool compress on the mosquito bite spot, a pack made by enveloping ice in a thin towel or a clean strip of cloth or one that is dipped in cold water to check the itch.\"Anti-itch medicines, lotion and creams also bring respite, says Dr B B Singh. In case you feel dizzy or nauseated after being bitten by mosquitoes, it could be sign of an acute allergic reaction. It is suggested that you take medical help as soon as possible. Mosquitoes have the tendency to accumulate in dark, unclean corners, so try to spray anti-mosquito liquid in these specific areas, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17042039", "title": "Freedom braveheart Sangolli Rayanna revered in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: Sangolli Rayanna, a great warrior of the Indian freedom movement, is revered in Belgaum district, where he fought the British with his guerrilla tactics. He was a bodyguard of the country's first woman freedom fighter Rani Channamma of Kittur.A film based on his life, 'Krantiveer Sangolli Rayanna', produced by Belgaum-based Anand Appugol will be released on November 1. This big-budget movie stars Darshan in the lead role and Jayaprada plays Rani Channamma.Rayanna is still a popular person in Belgaum, as people say 'Idu gandu mettida nadu', citing instances of his bravery.Several roads and roundabouts here and in the district are named after him, not to forget the several statues all over the place. The statue in front of the old zilla parishat office is a testimony to his popularity. Several financial institutions and business establishments are also named after him.The Akhil Karnataka Krantiveer Sangolli Rayanna Smarak Pradhikar Rachane Horata Samiti, headed by Arvind Dalawai, has been fighting for a separate authority in Rayanna's honour. Bowing to pressure, the government announced the Sangolli Rayanna Pratisthana in the last budget and declared a Rs 10 crore budget for it. Unfortunately, no work has been done so far in this matter.Dalawai told TOI the Pratisthana is not acceptable. He said several places associated with Rayanna need to be developed.These include Ganeshwadi, Sangolli and Nandagad (see box). Other places include Rayanna's tomb, Anandagad (where he practised his sword skills), Handi Badaganath temple where he rested with soldiers and Rayapur, on the outskirts of Nandagad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17041839", "title": "Onus on DMs, CMOs for unfair medical practices: HC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Wednesday directed that district magistrates and chief medical officers (CMOs) of the districts shall be held responsible, if any clinics were found issuing illegal pre-conception or pre-natal diagnosis in their districts.Justice Sunil Ambwani has also directed chief secretary, principal secretary medical and health, principal secretary home and DGP, UP to constitute a cell to monitor FIRs, investigation and prosecution of the unauthorised medical practitioners.The order was passed on a contempt application filed by Shabi Haider Jafri, who alleged that despite high court order, unauthorised medical practices were rampant in various districts of the state.An affidavit was also filed directing all district magistrates and CMOs to ensure compliance of the high court's order and action against unauthorised practitioners. The court has fixed November 30 to hear the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17041575", "title": "Maoists recruit villagers to counter operation Green Hunt", "text": "Garhwa: Maoists, after being cornered by the security forces in most of the Bhandaria police station areas of the district, are now working out a new strategy to counter operation Green Hunt against them. According to sources, they are trying to enhance manpower. For this reason, they have demanded 5-6 youths from every village to recruit them in their armed squads. \"Maoists have intensified their activities in many areas of the Bhandaria block since the last one month,\" sources said.Garhwa SP Michael Raj S said that police have not received any information about the Maoists renewed activities. The SP, however, said, \"We have received information about the Maoists trying to instigate villagers against the government and the police. to . The Maoist had stopped the construction work of a bridge on Saphi River at Kurun village in Bhandaria block, 30 km from the block head quarters on late Monday night.They have launched recruitment drive in bordering areas of Garhwa and Latehar districts. They have launched the drive in Bargarh, Madhgarhi, Marda, Tiharo, Binda villages in Bhandaria block. Their activities have also been reported from Baligarh, Birajpur and Tetardih villages of the adjacent Ramkanda police station area. The recruitment drive has been launched under the leadership of Vikasji, a senior Maoist leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17042091", "title": "LDF MLAs to stage satyagraha on November 3", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: All LDF MLAs will hold a satyagraha in front of the Kerala Raj Bhavan on November 3, demanding that the Governor should not approve the proposed amendment for the Devaswom Board Act, approved by the state government.An LDF delegation led by opposition leader V S Achuthanandan will meet the Governor the same day and submit a memorandum detailing on the unconstitutional provisions in the amendment.\"The amendment that suggests that only Hindu legislators, who declare their faith in temple worship, will have voting powers to elect Devaswom Board members, is a shortcut to ensure that UDF nominees get elected,\" alleged LDF covener Vaikom Viswan. If the Governor approves the ordinance, the LDF will stage a march on November 12.The LDF state committee meeting also finalized a series of protests against the policies of the UDF and UPA governments in the coming weeks.From November 20 to 30, district level seminars will be organized to create awareness against the policy of the Union government to open up the retail sector for multinationals.Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan has demanded the convening of the state assembly to discuss the controversies on Metro, Vizhinjam port project and land use bill controversy. \"The government is afraid of convening the assembly as public ire is gaining strength against its policies. The suggestion of the President that assembly should meet 100 days a year needs to open the eyes of the UDF,\" VS said on Wednesday. tnnHe alleged that the move to introduce the proposed land use bill would only sabotage the existing land utilization policy. \"This government seems to function for real estate and land mafia,\" he alleged, accusing the UDF of sabotaging the Vizhinjam sea port project like it has sabotaged the Metro project.All LDF MLAs will hold a satyagraha in front of the Kerala Raj Bhavan on November 3 demanding that the Governor should not approve the proposed amendment for the Devaswom board act approved by the state government. An LDF delegation led by opposition leader V S Achuthanandan will meet the governor the same day and submit a memorandum detailing on the unconstitutional provisions in the amendment.\"The amendment that suggests that only Hindu legislators who declare their faith in temple worship will have voting powers to elect devaswom board members is a short cut to ensure that UDF nominees get elected,\" alleged LDF covener Vaikom Viswan. He said if the governor approves the ordinance, the LDF would stage a massive secretariat march against the undemocratic ordinance on November 12.The LDF state committee meeting also finalised a series of protests against the policies of the UDF and UPA governments in the coming weeks. From November 20 to 30, district level seminars will be organised to create awareness against the policy of the union government to open up the retail sector for multinationals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040792", "title": "Breast cancer becoming common among 30-year-old Indian women: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, breast cancer is becoming common among 30-year olds.In the most definitive evidence confirming how breast cancer is being diagnosed among younger women, a 12-year-long analysis by the premiere All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) has found that nearly one in 10 women, who visited the hospital between 2000 and 2011 afflicted with the disease, was younger than 35 years.Of these, around 73% were 30-35 years, while 24% were as young as 25-29 years. Worse, around 77% of these young women arrived at the clinic with stage 3 and 4 cancer, where the disease in most times becomes untreatable.This completely defies the trend in Western countries and shows that breast cancer among young women is actually four times higher in India.Lead author Dr Vinod Raina, who is also the chief of medical oncology at AIIMS, said, \"It is a misnomer that breast cancer occurs only in the elderly. In fact, we now know that the prevalence of breast cancer among younger women is as high as 8%-10% as against 2% in Western countries.\"The total number of patients of breast cancer analyzed in the study were 3,150 over 12 years out of which 251 were below the age of 35 years (8%).Another interesting finding in the study is that the median tumor size among these young women were as big as 5.1 cm.Breast lump was the commonest presenting symptom before the women went to the doctor \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in almost 93% cases.Dr S V S Deo, professor of surgical oncology at AIIMS, said \"We found that 27% of tumors were very aggressive. The mean tumor size internationally is less than 1 cm. In India, however, the average tumor is as large as 4-5 cms confirming late detection. The size of tumors is directly related to outcomes of surgery. The bigger the tumor the worse is the prognosis.\"The AIIMS study also confirms that young patients with breast cancer have more aggressive clinical and biological characteristics and less favourable outcome and is linked more to genetic predisposition as compared with the disease in older patients.The median duration of symptoms was 10 months. Modified radical mastectomy (MRM) or removal of breasts was the commonest procedure (80%) in patients.Dr Raina said the average age of onset of breast cancer among American women is 65 years, while it is 55 years among their Indian counterparts.\"The overall population of the country is younger with half of the population below the age of 25 years. With the migration of such large population to older age group in the next 20 years one can expect a large increase in absolute number of cases of breast cancer,\" he warned. The study also found that lungs were worst affected when breast cancer among these younger women spread followed by bone, liver and brain.In India, breast cancer accounts for around 30% of all cancers in females. By current estimates, one in 25 Indian women will develop breast cancer in her lifetime.World Health Organization (WHO) predicts that by 2020, one in eight urban Indian women will develop breast cancer in her lifetime.A landmark analysis of cancer cases in Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore between 1982 and 2005 by ICMR had found that while cervical cancer cases \u00e2\u20ac\u201d earlier the most common \u00e2\u20ac\u201d dipped, in some cases by almost 50%, the incidence of breast cancer doubled.While Bangalore saw breast cancer cases more than double since 1982 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 15.8 in one lakh population in 1982 to 32.2 in 2005 - Chennai recorded 33.5 new cases in 2005 against 18.4 in 1982. Delhi reported 24.8 new cases in 1982, which rose to 32.2 in 2005. Mumbai recorded 20.8 new cases in 1982 that increased by almost 10% in 2005.Dr Raina added, \"Majority of India's population is young unlike most western countries. At present, I feel elderly breast cancer patients aren't being brought to hospitals for diagnosis or treatment. Because women are shy, they don't complain when they find a lump in their breast. So most get diagnosed very late.\"India's National Health Profile 2011 predicts that by 2020, breast cancer will overtake cervical cancer as the most common type of cancer among women in India.According to the WHO's latest World Health Statistics (WHS), less than 5% Indian women, aged 50-69, underwent screening by mammography between 2000 and 2003.WHO says there is significant evidence to show that mammography screening among women in this age group reduces mortality by 15% to 25%.It adds that there is significant evidence to show that mammography screening among women in this age group, reduces mortality from breast cancer by 15%-25%.\"Less than a quarter of women globally undergo breast cancer screening. In India, breast cancer is the most common form of cancer in women. One in 26 women in India are expected to be diagnosed with breast cancer in their lifetime,\" WHO said.Experts unanimously say that India should start a mass breast cancer-screening plan like the West under the country's National Cancer Programme.Dr Raina says women in high risk groups like those with denser breast tissue and strong family history of breast cancer should get themselves screened from 40 years.\"However for general screening, Indian women should undergo a mammography once every two years after they reach 50,\" he said.The United States Preventative Services Task Force (USPSTF) recently recommended that regular breast cancer screening of women should start at the age of 50. Mammograms detect cancer 90% of the time when it is still too small to be felt by a woman or her physician and can discover a lump up to two years before it can be felt. Early detection of small breast cancers improves a woman's chances of 100% treatment.If cancer is detected in stage 1 the chances of survival is 80%, while it is 20% when diagnosed in stage 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17042216", "title": "Excise cops injured in mob attack", "text": "VARANASI: Three employees of the excise department sustained injuries while two of the department's vehicles were damaged when a mob pelted stones on their motorcade near Govindpur link road under Rohania police station on Wednesday morning. The excise department has alleged the involvement of illicit liquor manufacturers in the attack.According to reports, the excise departments officials and constables were heading towards GT road in three vehicles after conducting raids at some brick kilns as part of their on-going drive against illicit liquor manufacture and trade when the incident occurred. Near Govindpuri link road, a bicycle rider came in front of one of the excise department vehicles and fell. Soon, some youths descended at the spot in support of the bicycle rider.When the excise department constables deboarded their vehicles to remove them from the road, the bicycle rider and his supporters indulged in brick batting. This caused damage to the window panes and mirrors of two vehicles while the driver of one of the vehicles and two constables, Sudhakar Singh and Manoj Dixit sustained injuries.The excise department officials somehow managed to escape the wrath of the angry mob and reached Rohania police station.After registering complaints against the assailants, the officials sent the injured constables and driver to the hospital.When the district excise officer YR Yadav was contacted, he said in view of the upcoming festival of Diwali and past incidents like the hooch tragedy, a massive drive has been launched in the district to check the manufacture and trade of illicit liquor.He said as a part of the same drive, he along with his subordinates had visited Rohania area to conduct raids at suspected pockets and brick kilns on Tuesday night. During the nightlong drive, several quintals of raw material stocked at brick kilns and other manufacturing units of illicit liquor were destroyed.Yadav said the department's action irked the hooch manufacturers and the motorcade of excise department was targeted in reaction to the same raids. He confirmed that a driver and two constables had suffered injuries in the incident, and said the main accused in the attack had been identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17041998", "title": "Winds knock down more than 100 trees", "text": "The expected rain was absent but fierce winds, with speeds reaching 60kmph, uprooted nearly 100 trees in the city on Wednesday, causing minor traffic snarls in some areas.Three old trees came crashing down at the Madras high court complex and a huge tree fell on a car on TTK Road among the many incidents. In Chetpet, a couple of trees fell across the road, disrupting traffic for a while. In MRC Nagar , several glass panes of a highrise building were blown away.Fire and rescue services personnel said they received 70 calls, most of which related to fallen trees. Most of the calls regarding fallen trees came from Adyar and surrounding areas, they said. Chennai Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said they removed 85 uprooted trees.In Nandanam, a huge branch broke off from a tree and crashed down on an SUV and a car just below the G K Moopanaar flyover. The occupants of the two vehicles escaped unhurt, said a TOI correspondent who witnessed the incident from an autorickshaw. Most of the trees that fell were well past their prime, said officials . They added that many old trees in several areas had been pruned earlier despite opposition from activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17042317", "title": "Madurai corporation adopts resolution against M Karunanidhi, DMK", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation, dominated by AIADMK councillors, passed a resolution condemning DMK leader M Karunanidhi for the power crisis in the state and praised chief minister J Jayalalithaa for corrective measures, prompting a physical altercation between councillors of the two Dravidian parties here on Wednesday.The 12 DMK councillors were forcefully evicted from the council hall after the clash. Even before the council meeting began, the attire of the DMK councillors - black shirts - set the tone for what was to follow. It all started as mayor Rajan Chellppa started reading out a resolution that denounced Karunanidhi and lauded Jayalalithaa. \"Tamil Nadu, that was a state with surplus power in 1991-96 and 2001-06, was pushed into darkness by Karunanidhi who stalled power generation for his personal benefits and instead purchased electricity from private players, resulting in a debt of Rs 40,375 crore for the electricity department,\" the resolution stated. It also went on to condemn Karunanidhi for the charges.Besides personally attacking Karunanidhi, the resolution continued to condemn the DMK for supporting the Centre, which the AIADMK alleged, was \"deceiving people of Tamil Nadu without providing 1000 Mw power repeatedly sought by Jayalalithaa.\" The resolution then praised Jayalalithaa for knocking on the doors of the Supreme Court for the \"injustice\" meted out by the Centre.Even as Chellappa was reading half way through the resolution, the DMK members rose in revolt and demanded that it be scrapped. They also started raising slogans against Jayalalithaa and the AIADMK. Immediately, the AIADMK councillors retaliated and raised counter slogans. As soon as the AIADMK councillors demanded the ouster of the DMK councillors, Rajan Chellappa obliged and ordered them to leave the hall. But the DMK councillors refused and continued to raise slogans and resisted the attempts by the marshals, who came to carry out the mayor's order.As the DMK councillors refused to budge, police were summoned in to boot them out. When the DMK councillors defied the police too, angry AIADMK councillors pounced on them and an altercation ensued. The AIADMK councillors scaled on the desks at the hall and attempted to attack the DMK men. However, the police managed to send the DMK men out of the council hall after which the resolution was adopted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17041685", "title": "Post law officers in KSRTC: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The government and Kerala State Public Service Commission should take steps to recruit adequate law officers for representing the Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) in cases, the Kerala high court has ordered.The order by Justice B P Ray followed a submission by the KSRTC's legal officer that the corporation is not able to provide information to properly contest cases involving the corporation owing to shortage of law officers.The court asked the KSRTC to file a representation to the state government for recruiting law officers within a month. It ordered the government and PSC to recruit law officers within three months of receiving the KSRTC's request. The issue came to the court's notice while hearing a contempt of court case filed by a former KSRTC driver from Thrissur, who was initially suspended and then dismissed from service on charges of involvement in immoral activities in a KSRTC garage.The court had quashed the dismissal, asking the corporation to pay salary and pension benefits to the driver. The driver approached the court again as the order was not implemented. tnnThe KSRTC's standing counsel submitted that the corporation was not providing enough information to contest the case, following which the court asked the corporation's law officer to appear before it.A division bench of the high court had criticized KSRTC in August this year for not contesting cases properly. It had pointed out that a transport tribunal order allowing private bus operators to use part of nationalized routes had become final as the corporation failed to appeal against the order in time.The court also observed that a single bench and a division bench of the high court had earlier taken note of KSRTC's inaction in the case despite being the beneficiary of the scheme that provided exclusive bus routes for the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17040488", "title": "Delhi University students, teachers hold protest rally", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was one of the biggest protests Delhi University has witnessed in recent times. A large number of students and non-teaching staff joined the protesting teachers to burn an effigy of the vice-chancellor on Wednesday. The DU security personnel tried to thwart the protesters by confiscating the effigy. The agitating teachers later created another effigy out of paper and burned it.Although a large number of non-teaching employees joined the protest, expressing their solidarity with the teachers, the DU Karmachari Association did a U-turn at the last moment and withdrew its support. The protest site was cordoned off by DU security and Delhi Police.\"The DU security personnel took the VC's effigy. They breached the law in front of police constables when they tried to forcibly disperse the human chain, formed by teachers and students, around the effigy. The protesters did not budge and the DUTA assembled another effigy and burned it ,\" said DUTA president Amar Deo Sharma.The students shouted slogans and made speeches against the proposed reforms and mismanagement of the examination system in DU and said the VC has lost the moral right to continue in his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17040274", "title": "Tribunal sets aside Durga temple EO\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s suspension", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The state administrative tribunal on Wednesday set aside the suspension of M Raghunath, executive officer of Sri Kanakadurga temple in Vijayawada.The tribunal found fault with the state government for taking such an action without any inquiry. The tribunal asked the government to reinstate Raghunath as EO of the same temple. Curiously, the Dwaraka Tirumala Sri Venkateswara Swamy temple executive officer, Vishnu Prasad, had hurriedly taken charge of the temple on Tuesday itself. According to sources, the state government might not contest the tribunal decision in higher court and allow Raghunath to take the reins of Indrakeeladri once again.Sources said that Raghunath was in Hyderabad and trying to meet minister Thota Narasimham to plead his case. With local legislators Vellampalli Srinivas and Malladi Vishnu strongly backing Raghunath's reinstatement, the minister is likely to reconsider his stance on the issue. In fact, the state government placed Raghunath under suspension based on a complaint lodged by Narasimham. Meanwhile, the counting of Dasara hundi collections of the temple continued amidst high security. The temple earned Rs 1.05 crore in cash, nearly 205 grams of gold and another 3000 grams of silver through offerings from devotees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17041832", "title": "'78% road accidents are driver's fault'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The analysis of road accident data received from states and union territories reveals that the single most important cause in 78 per cent road accidents is driver's fault. Report also revealed that fault of cyclist, pedestrian, broken roads and condition of the vehicle attributed to 1.2%, 2.7%, 1.2% and 1.7% accidents, respectively.Weather conditions and other causes led to 1 per cent and 14.2 per cent accidents, respectively. Causes of road accidents also include fault of driver of other vehicles, fault of passengers, poor light condition, falling of boulders, neglect of civic bodies, stray animals and other causes.Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has taken measures to minimise road accidents across the country. Road safety has been made an integral part of road design at the planning stage, road safety audit of selected stretches of national highways, expressways, establishments of driving training institutes and tightening of safety standards of vehicles like helmets, seat belts, power-steering, rear-view mirror and publicity campaigns on road safety awareness.While traffic authorities are all set to observe traffic month from November 1, stress is being laid on minimising the road accidents in fatal and non-fatal categories. Traffic police officials claim awareness and following traffic norms strictly are the only two ways to achieve the desired result.In a bid to control rising number of deaths due to road accidents, state government too has decided to make it compulsory for two-wheeler riders to wear helmets in order before they get their fuel tanks refilled. A notification in the same regard was issued recently by the minister for transport and roadways. The petrol pump dealers, traffic police department and motor vehicle departments will be instructed to ensure that the order gets implemented in days to come.As per records, Allahabad district had registered the maximum number of road accident deaths in January, February, April and June. Traffic police officials claim \"motivation on the part of road users is needed to yield the desired results\".Traffic inspector, IP Singh says, \"We have been making sincere efforts to apprise road users about the importance of road safety norms.\" He added \"These road safety norms are meant to make riders and others' journey on roads safe.\"With winter approching, traffic police officials have been initiating some measures after acknowledging the fact that more accident occur during winter season. Traffic cops are more active during winters and carry out special educational and awareness camps with an objective to check the graph of road accidents. Rash driving and violation of traffic speed limits were the prime reasons behind increasing cases of fatal and non-fatal road mishaps, traffic police said.Figures reveal that a total number of 233 road accident deaths were registered in the Allahabad in 2011. Out of those killed, 31 per cent were pedestrians, 9 per cent bicycle riders, 30 per cent two-wheeler riders and 5 per cent three/four-wheeler drivers.UP registered 30,153 road accident deaths in 2011, of which the highest number 2,820 of victims were two-wheeler riders. Besides, 3,090 persons were killed when they were hit by truck or lorry and 1,313 persons were hit by jeeps, 1,340 were killed by buses, 1,403 by cars, 2,820 by two-wheelers, 830 by three-wheelers and 811 victims were bicycle riders.National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) has ranked Allahabad 45th in the list of road accident deaths in the country while Kanpur ranks second with 2,219 accidental deaths across the nation.UP's share in the total number of road accident deaths in the country is only 7.7 per cent. Kerala, as per the NCRB report, is most accident-prone state on the basis of percentage share in deaths due to road accidents.As per records, Allahabad had 0.4 per cent share in total accidental deaths in the country while the rate of accident deaths is 19.1 per cent in the district. UP's rate of accidental deaths is 15.1 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17041334", "title": "Bejewelled gifts await at end of daylong fasting", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking the festive spirit in the city up another notch, markets are flooded with gift items to make Karva Chauth special for women who observe daylong fast for the well-being and long life of their husbands. From jewellery to sarees and from gadgets to induction plates, husbands have an assortment of things to choose from as gift to their spouse. The special attraction of the festival is the diamond-studded cuff introduced in the market. It is available in two designs and its price ranges from Rs 2 to 3 lakh. \"As it is the latest entry in the market, it will attract attention of all. Women can wear it like bangle or bracelet,\" said A P Mishra, assistant manager of a branded jewelery store in Hazratganj. Other attractions include gold bangles with ghungroo (bells) costing Rs 3 to lakh.Gold lockets and pendants in the shape of popular temples of south India are in vogue too. Silver payal (ankle bells) with beads and antique rings are also popular among buyers who cannot shell out more. The demand for gold and silver karvas (the customary pots) has increased. \"Purchasing jewellery during festivals is considered auspicious and it is an investment for people rather than just a gift. Hence, jewellery is preferred most over other gifts in the market,\" said Ronel Gupta, treasurer, Lucknow Sarafa Association. He added that as there has been no significant hike in the price of gold for the last two months, the demand during the festival has gone up.Besides jewellery, sarees with zari work and gadgets like tablets and smart phones are also popular. \"With a cap on subsidised LPG cylinders, I have asked my husband to gift me an induction plate on the occasion,\" said Priyanka Chowdhary, a housewife.Over the years, the traditional character of the festival has changed. Fast these days is often observed by both husband and wife for their spouses' well-being. \"When my wife can stay hungry for me all day long why can't I,\" said Rahul Singh, a businessman who observes fast along with his wife.Traditionally, the ritual is known to be performed out of love and devotion for the husband. It follows from the tale of a woman named Karva. When her husband was caught by a crocodile, Karva bound the crocodile with a cotton yarn. She then requested Yama, the Lord of death, to send the crocodile to hell. When Yama refused, she threatened to curse him. Afraid of the power of a devoted wife, Yama gave in and sent the crocodile to hell. He blessed Karva's husband with long life. The name 'Karva Chauth' derives from the fact that it falls on the fourth day after the full moon night before Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17039944", "title": "Dengue cases on the rise in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Dengue cases are continuing to pile up at city hospitals with Hyderabad reporting eight more cases last week. With three deaths and 198 cases, as per official records, this year the city has reported a four-fold rise in the number of cases as against 2011. Another 120 cases have been reported in the neighbouring Rangareddy district.Experts say the dengue outbreak is resulting in devastating times for the common man with teeming outpatient departments, busy hospital beds and shortage of blood. While physicians say that the patient load has reduced to a certain extent compared to the peak season between July and September, the numbers continue to remain high.Yashoda Hospital, Somajiuda, is getting at least 10 cases daily. \"Usually dengue dies down as the weather gets dry. However, because of the northeastern monsoon, mosquito borne illnesses prolong. We have lost 1-2% of these patients,\" said Dr Sashikiran. With heavy rains in parts of coastal AP due to cyclonic storm Nilam, doctors say that the season might further prolong this year.In fact, several lives have been snuffed out by the mosquito-borne infectious disease this year but ironically they do not find a mention in the official records. The three deaths mentioned in the official records are only suspected dengue deaths.Dr T Srikaran, medical superintendent, Sunshine Hospital says that the hospital is getting at least one dengue case a day.\"The number of critical cases has come down. Patients are being rushed to hospitals at the right time due to increased awareness among the public. However, the cases continue. On average, we get one case daily,\" said Dr Srikaran. He added that over the last month-and-a-half, the hospital treated 25 dengue patients.District health authorities noted that a lot of private hospitals are resorting to rapid diagnostic techniques that can give false positive and negative results and that they are not notifying the cases to the health department.\"During our routine checks, we found that even big corporate hospitals had wrongly diagnosed the patients with dengue. Patients should demand for Elisa test done free of cost at the Institute of Preventive Medicine,\" said Dr Ananth Reddy, district medical and health officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17041564", "title": "One killed, four injured in Jamshedpur road accident", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: One person is killed while four others including the driver of the truck were injured in the road accident on NH-33 under Chandil police station area on Wednesday.Manik Mahato (30), resident of Ichapur under Adityapur NIT police station area, died on the spot when the speeding truck, going towards Ranchi, hit him from behind near Mukhiya hotel on the highway road, about 45km from here. The victim was driving his motorcycle to Tiruldih in adjoining Seraikela-Kharswand district. The victim's friend, Lakhikanth Mahato, who was pillion riding the motorcycle also sustained injuries on his body but is out of danger.\"The driver along with the injured people is admitted to the MGM hospital for the treatment,\" said Chandil police station in-charge, A K Singh. The local police station has lodged a case and further inquiring into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "17040487", "title": "Dengue-diagnosed civil surgeon opts for private hospital", "text": "AMBALA: Diagnosed with dengue, the Ambala civil surgeon opted for treatment in a private hospital in Panchkula, rather than civil hospital, exposing the lack of preparedness in government-run hospitals across the district to tackle dengue and other viral diseases these days.Enquiries revealed that civil surgeon, Ambala, complained of high grade fever and bodyache while working in his office here on Friday. Since he lives in Panchkula, he preferred to go and take initial treatment in Panchkula civil hospital, where he was diagnosed with dengue fever.Following this, he shifted to a private hospital in Sector 21, Panchkula.Speaking to The Times of India, he expressed inability to confirm whether he got the infection in Ambala or in Panchkula.\"There were certain essential tests which could not be done at Ambala as well as Panchkula, hence I had to go to a private hospital for treatment,'' said the civil surgeon. He was discharged from hospital on Wednesday.Till Wednesday, 46 patients have been diagnosed with dengue in Ambala. Meanwhile, government-run hospitals and private clinics remained flooded with patients rushing with high grade fever or with dengue symptoms, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-01"}
