{"city": "None", "code": "13777001", "title": "Myleene Klass dumped by hubby on 34th birthday", "text": "Friends of English singer Myleene Klass have revealed that her husband of six months Graham Quinn, with whom she has two kids, four-year-old Ava and 14-month old Hero, sensationally dumped her on her 34th birthday on April 6.While the couple - who have been together for 11 years - only married in October following a five-year engagement, Quinn is said to have shocked Klass by suddenly claiming he no longer wanted to be married.\"Myleene had no idea that Graham was going to leave her. They only got married a few months ago and she thought everything between them was great. It came as a massive shock to Myleene and she's heartbroken,\" a friend of the pair told The Sun.Friends are puzzled by the situation and say Quinn has barely been in touch since he cruelly walked out on Myleene's birthday.However, despite her heartbreak, Klass put on a brave face for a family day out with her girls as she presented the Sainsburys Jubilee Family Festival in London's Hyde Park on Saturday, the Daily Mail reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13752925", "title": "4 killed in separate accidents", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four persons were killed in various accidents across the district in the past two days.In the first incident, a 34-year-old man was killed after he was thrown off his bike when another bike hit him. The deceased has been identified as K Saravana Hari, an engineer. Hari was on his way back from college when a motorcycle hit his bike on Karamadai-Chikkarampalayam road. He sustained severe head injuries and died on the spot. Meanwhile, the bike dashed against a pedestrian, P Pushpha on the same road. She sustained grievous head injuries and was rushed to a hospital in Coimbatore. However, she died without responding to the treatment. Karamadai police have registered a case.In the second incident, a 31-year-old man was killed on the Coimbatore-Trichy road near Pappampatti Pirivu on Friday night. The deceased was identified as R Kamalakannan of KN Puram in Palladam. Kamalakannan went for a wedding with his wife K Deepa on Friday evening. While on their way back, a private bus hit their motorcycle near Pappampatti Pirivu. Kamalakannan was thrown off the motorcycle and the bus ran over him killing him on the spot. Meanwhile, Deepa was admitted in a private hospital in Coimbatore. Sulur police have registered a case against the private bus driver and the investigation is on.In another accident, a percussion artist was killed near Periyanaickenpalayam when a motorcycle hit him while he was crossing the road. Police said, P Marudhachalam, 59, a percussion artist of Anna Nagar in Athipalalayam near Idikarai, went to buy betel leaves at a shop. When he tried to cross the Coimbatore-Mettupalayam road near gas company bus stop, a motor cycle hit him and he was killed on the spot. The Periyanaickenpalayam police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13767643", "title": "Condition of Ganesh Ghat an eyesore for devotees", "text": "VARANASI: A walk down the pucca stairs of the revered ghat named after Lord Ganesha is enough to put brakes on the feet of the visitor, as one may come across dilapidated structures, cracks and crevices along the steps of embankment. Heap of rotten flowers, garlands, plastic bags and broken pieces of earthen cups are an eyesore near the sacred places like Ganesh Mandir.TOI visited the ghat on Saturday and found stairs and platforms of the ghat showing signs of wear and tear, with cracks appearing along the railings. The cemented railings, serving as the boundary of the ghat, had collapsed and there is no distinction between the neighbouring Sankatha Ghat and Ganesh Ghat. The debris and remains of collapsed structures of railings were also lying there.Barring the sacred structures and shrines like old Ganesh Mandir at the top, the ghat has nothing to boast of its condition which had actually worsened over the last few years. The dilapidated structures, including the broken railings and crumbling stairs, reflect the real picture and even devotees do not prefer to go for dip in the holy Ganga except on the religious occasions at the ghat, said Ajay Dutt Pandey, a priest at the ghat.A steel pipe, having a sixinch diameter, was laid with its opening towards the embankments to discharge waste water directly into the Ganga. Pucca stairs were covered with silt and mud. It is no longer a favoured ghat for boatmen as the dilapidated condition of stairs and platform has is not suitable for boarding the visitors for a boat-ride on the Ganga. Lack of railings and steep at the embankments also make it unsafe for taking a holy dip. The spate of rising and receding Ganga in the monsoon last year also took a heavy toll on the embankments, leaving the place sandwiched between layers of silt. The condition of the ghat is worsening since the past one decade, added Ramjivan Majhi, a boatman on the ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13771733", "title": "Is Gautham Menon\u2019s movie shelved?", "text": "Known earlier, Gautham Menon's Neethaane Enn Ponvasantham was kick started in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi simultaneously.Known earlier, Gautham Menon's Neethaane Enn Ponvasantham was kick started in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi simultaneously. The movie had Jeeva, Nani and Aditya Roy as leads in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi respectively. Samantha was zeroed in on for the female lead in all the three versions.When everything was set right, the Hindi version of Neethaane Enn Ponvasantham titled Assi Nabbey Poore Sau has been temporarily shelved. The reason being Ekk Deewana Tha's debacle at the box office. The bad experience from Gautham Menon's previous movie has put the Hindi version of Neethaane Enn Ponvasantham in the back burner. The Bollywood production house has put the movie on hold and Gautham is on the search for a suitable production house.However, the Tamil and Telugu versions of Neethaane Enn Ponvasantham is almost completed. The symphony teasers by Ilaiyaraja released recently has created more expectations on the movie as well as the album.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13767767", "title": "Eastern Uttar Pradesh has potential for growth of plastic industries", "text": "VARANASI: East UP region has tremendous potential to become a hub of plastic exports in the country and the region must come forward to utilise the opportunity, said SR Dewan, regional director (North), Plastic Export Promotion Council (PEPC) while inaugurating the first-ever export awareness seminar on 'tapping export opportunities for plastic items', held in the city on Friday evening.Stressing that rise in polymer industries is needed in the east UP region, the regional director of PEPC (Department of Commerce, Government of India) said that the raw materials account for over 35 per cent of country's total plastic exports. It is not a healthy sign for plastic (polymer) industry and the focus of export must be on value-added finished plastic products that have a high demand in the global market. As far as export of raw materials are concerned, polypropylene (about 748 million US dollars) is the major export commodity in the country, he added on the occasion. Saying that the custom duties under WTO and Free Trade Agreements (FTAs) are being gradually reduced resulting in increased competition, the regional director added that it also provide opportunity to make the business globally competitive. The exporters must come forward to avail various government schemes such as zero per cent export promotion capital goods (EPCG) scheme and advanced authorisation scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13752756", "title": "Now, Juhu school to levy 18% interest on late fee", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months after it barred two students (siblings) over late payment of fees, Ecole Mondiale School in Juhu has now changed its fee policy.According to a school circular dated April 9, 2012, those who pay the fees 15 days after the last date (June 1) will have to pay 18% interest and those who pay in the next two weeks will have to shell out an addition charge of Rs 1 lakh.\"If the fees is not received by June 30, 2012, it will be presumed that the family is not interested in continuing with the school and the child's name will be de-registered. All such students will need to re-register at the prevailing school fee with other applicable charges, if parents decide to re-admit the child,\" states the school's circular.Despite repeated attempts, school principal Finbarr O'Regan and school manager Mahesh Gupta could not contacted for comment.\"International schools follow similar rules. We had once raised this topic with the school management, but nobody paid heed. By changing the fee policy, the school is admitting that its earlier policy was wrong,\" said Shaina Malhotra (name changed), whose children study at the school.Last year, Malhotra's 9-year-old son and 6-year-old daughter were debarred from the school for late payment of fees. While the school management had claimed that the mother was informed twice before her children were de-registered, the mother claimed that she received no intimation of the school's policy.Malhotra finally took this matter to the education department in December 2011 and demanded the school pay her back the extra 10 lakh she was asked to pay. Malhotra also visited the state education minister Rajendra Darda and other officials in this case and is waiting for a reply from the education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13753978", "title": "Ex-MP, wife held on land-grab charge", "text": "CHENNAI: A former Rajya Sabha MP, his wife and three others were arrested by central crime branch sleuths on Saturday on charges of usurping land worth Rs two crore at Sholinganallur. The arrest followed a complaint from real estate agent Anwar of Adyar.The CCB sleuths said the couple D Masthan (55), a former AIADMK member of the Rajya Sabha, and his wife Sivabhakyam (50) were medical practitioners who ran a hospital in Triplicane.A few years ago, they purchased a plot of land in Sholinganallur. Later, they took illegal possession of an adjacent plot measuring 24 cents using forged documents. The adjacent plot belonged to Mohammed Hussain of Karnataka who died in 2008, CCB sleuths said.Masthan prepared a fake gift deed to show that the plot was given by Jani Basha, uncle of Masthan's neighbour Hajeera Begum. Subsequently, a sale deed was made to show that the land was sold to three relatives of Sivabhakyam in Coimbatore who later gave her the power of attorney. Sivabhakyam registered the sale deed in her son's name.The incident came to light when the legal heirs of Mohammad Hussain tried to sell the plot to real estate agent Anwar of Adyar. Anwar verified the documents and found they had been forged by Masthan.A CCB team arrested Masthan, Sivabhakyam, their neighbour Hajeera Begum, Thirunarayanan and driver Saravanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chengdu (china)", "code": "13758230", "title": "Nuts and bolts of IT hub tell China's growth story", "text": "CHENGDU (CHINA): Located on a fertile plain surrounded by mountains which, to the west, lead to the Tibetan plateau , Sichuan is often described as the land of abundance. Its capital Chengdu is an ancient city described by many names - the Hibiscus City, the Turtle City (because of its shape), the Mahjong Capital of the World (you can see people playing mahjong in the streets and tea houses every evening).Life is supposed to be leisurely and full of contentment , largely because in ancient times the mountains prevented invaders from sacking it, and agriculture was very productive.Chengdu is also New China's \"Science and Technology Base\" . It has the top nuclear and missile research centers and a concentration of heavy precision engineering industry.But in recent years it has emerged as one of the world's IT hubs. Every fifth PC in the world is running on a chip processed in Chengdu, as is every second laptop. All the world's top IT companies, including India's Wipro and even NIIT, have bases here. Two-hundred seven of the Fortune 500 companies have facilities in Chengdu.And, the very epicenter of its massive IT industry is the Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone, set up in 1991. The nuts and bolts of this Zone tell the story of how China builds and powers forward its industrial growth.At its administrative centre , a battery of officials present the case for the Zone. Land is sold by open auction. Rents are regulated and relatively cheap - from 18 yuan per square meter for workshops to 50 yuan psm in the software park. For industries , water is available at 4.3 yuan per cubic meter and electricity at a maximum of 0.8 yuan per kwh. Water charges include wastewater treatment costs. So land use and utilities are dirt-cheap .Chengdu is connected to the rest of the world by eight highways and has 129 international flight connections, including a flight to Bangalore . Freight charges are low - just 25 yuan per kg to Europe by air and even lower by container via Shanghai , some 1600 kms away. There are connections even to ports on the Yangtze 144 kms away.But it is in labour costs that the Chinese model clearly gains a decisive advantage. A low skilled new entrant in manufacturing or service sector gets 11107 yuan per year or 926 yuan per month. That is about Rs 8000 or $145 per month.Clearly, wage rates are much lower than those in advanced countries, but much more than in India, where the highest available minimum wage would be about Rs 5000 or about $90. In the US, the federal minimum wage is $1740 per month and in France it is about $1734. China's neighbor , Japan has a minimum wage of about $937 per month.Official figures supplied by the Zone officials reveal that enterprises contribute only about 14.5% of the employees' comprehensive social security payments that include medical, pension, injury or maternity benefits. The bulk of it is borne by the government.In the Zone, the most glaring divide is that between employees of the state-owned and private enterprises. A highly skilled service sector employee in a state-owned enterprise will get 9091 yuan (Rs 79,902) per month while an equivalent worker in the private sector will get just 40% of that - 3738 yuan (Rs 32520). Officials of the Zone were at a loss to explain this mismatch. But they agreed that these figures help attract private investment , especially foreign.What the Zone officials were not saying is that there are hardly any new jobs offered by the state sector. The private sector has expanded considerably. According to the latest data provided by the State Administration for Industry and Commerce ( SAIC ) quoted by the Communist party's official newspaper People's Daily, the private sector includes more than 10 million private enterprises and nearly 40 million self-employed businesses.It contributes over 60% of the gross domestic product and creates about 90% of the country's new jobs.\"Socialism with Chinese characteristics\" , as the economy is described by the ruling Communist Party , seems to be rapidly converging with a regulated capitalism - with all its benefits, and all its ills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13750210", "title": "Severely injured woman rescued", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A badly bruised deaf and mute woman, rescued by police on May 31, was admitted to Capital Hospital on Saturday. The 22-year-old, who suffered multiple injuries on her face, back and limbs, said she was tortured by her husband and in-laws. Police said the woman was rescued from a bus in an unconscious state on May 31 near Vani Vihar square.Sign language expert Pravati Mishra, assistant director, Training Centre for Teachers of the Deaf (TCTD), who met the victim, said the woman is still traumatized. \"The victim identified herself as Sanju Nayak. She said she was married six months ago and was tortured by her husband and in-laws,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13757083", "title": "A river in tears: Where has the Godavari gone?", "text": "NASHIK: Release of drainage water and effluents in the Godavari is boosting the growth of water hyacinth, which are now rapidly multiplying, according to civic officials.Over the past few years, water hyacinth has been a major cause of concern in the city and the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has had to keep clearing it with the onset of its season of fairs such as the Kumbh Mela.Officials of the concerned departments said that unless the water is kept clear of drainage water and effluents, water hyacinth would keep coming back. During the monsoon, it is carried away with the flow but after that it multiplies manifold in stagnant water, as during public events such as fairsrelease of water from the Gangapur dam into the Godavari occurs in specified intervals.\"Drainage water is the main reason for the ever-growing water hyacinth. Till the water does not get treated before it reaches the river, water hyacinth will persist and we will have to keep clearing it,\" said an engineer of the public works department. He said that once the sewage treatment plant at Gangapur Road is completed, the problem of water hyacinth will reduce significantly. \"Drainage water from Holkar bridge to upstream Someshwar will be treated at the Gangapur sewage treatment plant (STP), so water hyancinth will not grow,\" the engineer said.\"During the last Simhastha Kumbh Mela in 2003-04, drainage water began to be treated at the sewage treatment plant in Tapovan which is why water hyacinth could be controlled. But now with rising population the sewage water has also began to increase and consequently the need for more treatment plants. The basic problem of untreated water being released into the river needs to be solved and that will be possible only when all STPs projects are complete and the plants are fully functional,\" he added. About the possibility of buying the dredge utility machine for removing hyacinth, the official said that a tender would have to be floated and by the time all processes are followed, the monsoon would arrive.NMC health officer Dr S G Hiray said that effluents encouraged the growth of hyacinth with phosphates and other chemicals aiding its growth.\"We have been facing this problem since the past few years. Earlier rain water would help dilute these chemicals, so there was lesser hyacinth. But now hyacinth are found growing throughout the year,\" Hiray said. He added that once the release of untreated sewage water in to the river was discontinued, hyacinth growth could be controlled. As a case in point, he said that last year, water was released from the dam by the irrigation department and hyacinth from Siddheshwar temple to Talkuteshwar bridge accumulated at one place and were later manually removed by sanitary employees.Even as officials agreed about the lacunae in controlling the water hyacinth problem, they said that they could take action only after a policy decision was taken by the NMC's general body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13753008", "title": "Cops urge residents to inform them before going on vacation", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police have urged residents to utilize email and SMS facilities launched by the police to avoid house burglaries when they are out of town.On May 18, the city police had launched the facilities, but the response from the public was not encouraging. The request comes in the wake of the number of burglaries that struck various houses in Singanallur and Peelamedu areas in the last few days.\"We launched the facility to avoid burglary. The public should come forward to use the facilities,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy commissioner of police (crime and traffic).City police commissioner AK Viswanathan had launched the e-email, SMS facilities to pass the information about the locked houses to the city police.Those who go on vacations can alert police by mailing the commissioner to . They can send SMS to 9843100100 and can dial 0422- 6545464. The police will immediately contact the house owners and will arrange adequate protection for their houses.\"We got several calls and text messages from rural Coimbatore. We got 10 messages from city residents and immediately those houses came under city police watch to avoid burglaries,\" said a senior police officer.According to police sources, the city residents are not willing to inform the police about the locked houses. Two burglaries have been reported from the city in the past two days. But police were not given the details about the locked houses.The city police have planned to create awareness about the facilities through the neighbourhood police officers who have been often meeting with public in their limits. Police believe that if the public utilize the facilities, the crime rate will come down drastically.Police sources, said the residents are not willing to inform the police about the locked houses. Two burglaries were reported in the city in the past two days. But police were not given the details about the locked houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "idukki (kerala)", "code": "13780797", "title": "Modi has no moral right to criticise me: Mani", "text": "IDUKKI (Kerala): CPM leader M M Mani, who is facing criminal charges over his controversial speech in which he stated that the party had eliminated political foes in the past, today said Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi had no moral right to criticise him for what he had said.\"Modi has no moral right to criticise me since he is responsible for the death of thousands of people including women and children in his state,\" he said.Mani was replying to queries from reporters here after a district committee meeting.Modi had last week come down heavily on CPM citing Mani's speech at a public meeting organised by the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13759341", "title": "In hope of a better future", "text": "Eyes glued on the laptop screen, Ritik Shahu's fingers rapidly keep hitting the keyboard as he readies a project on saving tigers in the wild. The 12 year-old's comfort in surfing the net for information and considerable ease in using the PowerPoint software may not seem out of place until you realize that Ritik lives in the notorious slums of Takia.The dark-eyed boy attends a Hindi-medium government school and is the first person in his family to even touch a computer. And he is not alone. Almost two dozen children from Takia are sitting alongside him on their individual laptops and happily becoming technology friendly by the minute.The Innovation Centre located within Takia slums itself is the result of a corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiative by city based company Edisphere Software. Watching over the kids at the centre, the company's managing director Ajay Sanghi gleams with pride, \"Every day about a hundred kids from the slums come here and they learn so fast that within a month they can do so much using the Internet that an average person would be not aware of as well.\"Edisphere started the CSR initiative in January 2007 but it had a different format at that time. The idea was to provide extra classes to the kids studying from Std I-X and decrease the school dropout rate. Even though these coaching classes were totally free the enrolment figures fizzled out as years passed.Sanghi said, \"After having worked in Takia for over five years, the CSR group has identified lack of Internet facility as the major reason for their poor performance and inferiority complex. Further, their creativity skills are hugely suppressed. And that is how our Innovation Centre in Takia was started which is equipped with high speed Internet connection, laptops and programs to flourish creativity in the children.\"Edisphere's HR head Aneeta Vijayakar adds that the civic authorities did more than that was asked of them to help with the Innovation Centre. \"Usually you hear about authorities not doing their bit assist in social work but our experience with the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) was totally opposite. They have provided us the room for the centre and have also donated coolers for the summer,\" said Vijayakar.Children like Ritik are given a free hand while surfing the net and that is how their creativity comes to the fore. Eight year-old Gungun is busy playing an alphabet oriented game which aims to improve her English spellings. \"This is a ball,\" she smiles while pointing to the screen where she correctly arranged the alphabets to spell 'ball'.Some take advantage of free online tutorials, some learn to work with photos and give special effects while others just soak in their cyber experience.Sanghi, says, \"Every child here has and knows how to operate an e-mail account. The confidence level of these kids increased manifold after their participation at our centre and that is one of our goals. The main objective is to make them employable by the time they reach Std X.\"As the world moves more towards a digital platform, Edisphere group is hoping to provide the economically and socially deprived kids from Takia a stepping into the future.When questioned why he chose Takia, Sanghi replies that it is based on the principles of Mahatma Gandhi . \"It is similar to Gandhi's Swadeshi principles, which suggests that the social responsibility be first extended to the nearest deprived neighbourhood; and hence the company has taken up the responsibility of making a socioeconomic difference in Takia where nearly 3,000 people reside. The group envisions that this model can be easily replicated by both large and small companies across the nation in their neighbourhood to make an organized difference, which otherwise is random by way of donations,\" said Sanghi.Edisphere is now hoping to tie up with similar minded corporates to start such centres in the city and help 'deprived neighbours to become a strong neighbourhood overall'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13757577", "title": "Panic spreads after minor fire at Howrah station", "text": "HOWRAH: Passengers at the Howrah station north (old) complex were sent into a tizzy on Saturday afternoon after they spotted dense smoke billowing from a portion of the passenger concourse area.An electrical fire broke out on the first floor of the station complex, on the outside walls of the upper class waiting room which led to the smoke. Though the fire was brought under control within 10 minutes, it took some time for the smoke and acrid smell to disperse. Though no one was injured, power supply to some parts of the station, including the Jan Ahaar outlet remained cut-off for quite some time.The incident occurred around 1.45pm when some electricians were working on the wires that run through ducts along the wall. They suddenly spotted some sparks and heard a sputtering noise. Before long, dense smoke filled the area and blazes could be seen near the windows of the waiting room.\"Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel reacted immediately and used fire extinguishers to fight the blaze. They brought it under control by 1.55pm. By then a fire tender reached the spot.While the area was cordoned off by Government Railway Police personnel, officials from the fire department checked the spot and declared the situation safe,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750624", "title": "Farmers stage protest at Naya Qila", "text": "HYDERABAD: Farmers of Naya Qila, who are fighting for compensation against their land which was acquired by the government for golf course development, staged a protest on Saturday when police and revenue officials allegedly sought to evict them forcibly.According to locals, farmers of Naya Qila were about to proceed to their farm lands when they noticed tractors clearing the farms. Angered, a few them gathered at the entrance of Naya Qila and threatened to immolate themselves.\"The officials blocked the water channels that run to our fields besides fencing the land. When we approached the collector on Friday we were told that a meeting will be scheduled between the farmers and the tourism department officials on Monday. But in the intervening period, the officials of revenue department are trying to evict us,\" a farmer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750503", "title": "2 held for selling fake spare parts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people have been arrested for selling duplicate spare parts of an automobile company. The central district police arrested Amit Verma (27) and Preetam Singh (64) on Friday after receiving a tip-off that the accused were manufacturing duplicate holograms in Paharganj. A raid was conducted at the Paharganj main market and 65 packets containing 100 pouches of holograms, 22 rolls of stickers mentioning the date of manufacturing and name of item, a computer and a bar coding machine used for manufacturing these pouches were seized. According to additional CP (central) Devesh Srivastav, Verma disclosed that in order to earn quick money he started manufacturing the counterfeit holograms. He used to the supply the packets to a person in Karol Bagh. At another raid conducted at a godown, 90 packets of oil seals (each packet containing 10 oil seals), 600 chain guides, 400 pieces of valve kit, 900 pieces of element oil filter, 80 pieces of clutch plate set, 8 pieces of head cylinder and 143 pieces of lever clutches were seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13752721", "title": "Thousands attend Mukhiyaji\u2019s funeral", "text": "PATNA: The mortal remains of Brahmeshwar Singh, founder of the militia of big landholders and middle peasants in South Bihar plains Ranvir Sena, were consigned to flames amid sombre atmosphere at the bank of the Ganga here on Saturday evening, around 4.5-km away in the 'diara (flood plain)' off the traditional crematorium here at Bans Ghat. Neither war cries were heard nor gunshots were fired on the occasion.Singh was slain on Friday morning by three assassins near his residence at Ara, district headquarters of Bhojpur district, some 55-km away from here.His younger son Kumar Indu Bhushan, mukhiya of Khopira panchayat, lit the funeral pyre made of sandalwood logs, as his elder son Satyendra Kumar Singh, a Border Security Force (BSF) jawan, could not turn up in time. A few women relatives of Singh and children belonging to his family were also present on the occasion. No one cried at the cremation ghat.Around 10,000 people, mainly youths and a sprinkling of other women and several children, were present on the occasion. Many of the people were lying flat on their gamchhas spread at the cool bank that had easterly breeze. Around 50 SUVs had motored down to the ghat through dusty kutcha road, raising dust storms, like in a wild dusty terrain.The Paliganj (Patna district) unit of Akhil Bharatiya Rashtriya Kisan Sangathan (ABRKS), which Singh had formed, had been alerted in advance to organize the cremation. Several ABRKS members entrusted with the job were members of either the Paliganj unit of the BJP or its youth wing Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM). They included Pankaj (ex-mukhiya), Upendra Kumar and Rajnandan Singh. \"It is the ABRKS show. No MLA, MP or minister has been invited to participate in the funeral,\" said Kumar, even as several ABRKS members thought to the contrary.Leaders of some reckoning present at the cremation ghat were CM Nitish Kumar's critic and Munger MP Rajiv Ranjan Singh alias Lallan Singh, former Union minister Akhilesh Prasad Singh and former MLA Sardar Krishna Singh alias Krishna Sardar. \"They, however, were heckled and ridiculed,\" some organizers said.Otherwise, the scene at the cremation ghat was controlled but tense, and particularly hostile towards the media. Mediapersons, especially from the print media, were very cautious about using their pen and pads (they, in fact, kept them hidden in their pockets), while the camera and reporter crew from news channels were extra reticent, and still photographers moved around like silent zombies, clicking the camera shutters.However, the organizers were very particular about the comfort of visitors. They had erected a tent at a distance of 150 metres from the cremation ghat in the morning, while a water tanker had also been kept there to provide drinking water to those who had come for the funeral from various parts of the state to be a part of the cortege. Moreover, water bottles and sweets had also been provided.Near Bans Ghat, Rajnandan Singh from among the organizers was blaring on a loudspeaker, exhorting youthful Brahmeshwar sympathizers not to tease any girl either on the road, in the diara or at the cremation ghat, and asked all the others present to be well-behaved and extra polite for the \"peace to the soul of our Barmesar Mukhiyaji\". He announced that representatives from Odisha and Gujarat had also arrived to pay their homage to Mukhiyaji.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13756946", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation panel demands immediate action", "text": "NASHIK: Just a few days after the city's officiating commissioner and the district guardian minister together decided to take no special immediate measures to flush water hyacinths outside the Godavari river, the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) standing committee on Saturday ordered the administration to take all steps to clear water hyacinths from Godavari river.\"The NMC administration should utilize staff from all departments, take the heavy machinery required and clear the Godavari of water hyacinths before the monsoons begin,\" standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse ruled at the panel meeting on Saturday.With the code-of-conduct for the MLC elections still in force, the committee was not able to take any decision on any of the issues listed, which included sanctioning expenses for emergency work already being carried out over the issue. However, members wanted to know the preparedness of the administration related to the forthcoming rainy season.While the heads of department of the medical, health, fire, water supply and sewerage departments explained their readiness meaures for the oncoming rainy season members wanted to know about the steps to be taken by administration.The administration pointed out that the contract to remove hyacinths would cost nearly Rs 70 to 80 lakh, b ur failed to mention that the meeting reached between the commissioner, collector and the guardian minister that the hyacinths would be taken care of at Saikheda, down the stream, where the flowing hyacinths would be picked up and processed during the monsoon season.The standing committee chairman Nimse however asked that the administration take all the measures required and deploy all the necessary man power to get rid of the incessant water hyacinth problem.The officiating commissioner for NMC, Ranjit Kumar Mehta, Chief Executive Officer, Nashik Zilla Parishad, asked the department heads to take all the necessary steps to face monsoon and also asked the officers to take the required action over water-hyacinths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750388", "title": "Rowdy-sheeter\u2019s role in cash-for-bail under scanner", "text": "HYDERABAD: Apart from probing the role of rowdy-sheeter Yadagiri in brokering the cash-for-bail deal between CBI first additional special judge T Pattabhirama Rao and illegal mining accused Gali Janardhana Reddy, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) wants to bring under its scanner some other instances when the ACB court granted bail to policemen caught in graft cases. This is on the hunch that Yadagiri could have had a hand in these cases as Pattabhirama Rao had earlier served as ACB judge before being shifted to the CBI court a few weeks ago.Sources said that Yadagiri allegedly helped tainted deputy superintendent of police M Sarveshwar Reddy, Chaitanyapuri inspector Praveen Reddy and a few others in securing bail from the ACB court using his proximity to judge Pattabhirama Rao and a few public prosecutors. Interestingly, a few months ago, even Yadagiri was under the ACB scanner while they were probing Sarveshwar Reddy since both of them were allegedly hand in glove in various land disputes in Cyberabad.Sources in the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) confirmed that Yadagiri's residence in Nacharam was raided in connection with the disproportionate assets case of Sarveshwar Reddy and that the rowdy-sheeter was also questioned. Yadagiri has a good rapport with most of the Cyberabad cops and is generally known as 'pairavikar'(dealer) in the officialdom circles. He is a blackmailer. In case an officer defies Yadagiri's 'directive', he makes sure that a case is registered under the SC &amp; ST Act against the officer through one of his henchmen. Yadagiri is known to dictate terms to lower rung officials, top sources in Cyberabad police told TOI.Yadagiri is famous for his involvement in various disputes and intimidating parties who are up against his clients. Besides, he is also into extortion. Since he is hand in glove with officers of the rank of sub-inspectors, inspectors and even the assistant commissioner of police, he always has strong supporters, officials said.Once the CBI registers an FIR in the Pattabhirama Rao cash-for-bail case and names a few of his accomplices, including Yadagiri as accused, the investigation agency is likely to strengthen its case by linking the other bails granted by the duo, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "samastipur", "code": "13753274", "title": "Kidnapped engineer recovered", "text": "SAMASTIPUR: In a joint operation, Samastipur and Begusarai police rescued an engineer within 24 hours of kidnapping from Dhamaun village under Patori police station in Samastipur district on Friday evening.Three kidnappers were arrested and police recovered a motorcycle, two countrymade pistols, 18 live cartridges and six mobile phones from their possession.According to sources, Vaibhav Mishra, an engineer in a private automobile company at Jamshedpur, was taken to Dhamaun by his friend, Om Shankar Mishra, on the pretext of attending a marriage there. Vaibhav and Om Shankar reached Patori by train and from there Vaibhav was taken to Dhamaun on a motorcycle by two other persons. On reaching Dhamaun, he was informed by them that he had been kidnapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13759446", "title": "Ambedkar memorial at Hotel Shyam a distant dream", "text": "NAGPUR: A recent resolution passed by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation to convert Hotel Shyam into a fitting memorial of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar has generated a wave of excitement among his followers. But the initiative is likely to hit several roadblocks with the first being the acquisition of the property from its legal owners Aaswad Restaurants Pvt Ltd.Hotel Shyam in Sitabuldi area of the city has historic importance as Dr Ambedkar had stayed here for four days, from October 11 to 16 in 1956, during his visit to the city when he converted to Buddhism.Since several years, his followers have been demanding that the defunct hotel be converted into a memorial. They have placed a proposal with the NMC that the adjacent land where the Anand talkies once stood should also be acquired to create an aesthetic memorial, a seminary for Buddhist monks and a research centre for the propagation of Buddhist philosophy. The Anand talkies building itself is in a continuous state of construction.On April 30, a resolution was moved by deputy mayor Sandeep Jadhav and was passed by the House. The next step is the implementation of the resolution by the authorities who now have to issue a notice for acquiring Hotel Shyam. Inquiries by TOI reveal that the NMC has made no move yet on the proposal.The lease of the hotel was transferred on October 10, 2003 by the legal heirs of Shyamji Kheta, the original owner of the property, through a sale deed to Aaswad Restaurants Pvt Ltd. Its managing director Pramod Laxminarayan Jaiswal is the legal owner of the property as on date and holds the lease till April 15, 2034.Except the shining white and red signage of Aaswad Restaurants, the entire structure is in shambles. A wine shop is located just near the entrance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13756729", "title": "Submit audit then get MGNREGA funds: Jairam Ramesh to Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: The Centre has bluntly told the state government that any request for additional funds under MGNREGA (Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act) cannot be entertained until it puts in place a proper audit system of the money that was sanctioned earlier and spent.In a letter to chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, Union minister for rural development and panchayat raj Jairam Ramesh said no further money can be released until the government reports utilization of at least 60% of the funds available. Besides, the expenditure should be supported by physical progress reports and financial documents which match MGNREGA's Management Information System (MIS) entries by Karnataka.In a letter to the Union ministry on May 14, the state government sought additional funds. However, Ramesh said the MIS on May 14 reflected an opening balance of Rs 382.59 crore. Besides, the Centre had released Rs 700 crore on April 12, making the total funds available with the government to about Rs 1,100 crore.He said a large amount of pipeline expenditure reported by the government in previous years did not regularize or reflect in the corresponding audit reports and utilization certificates. Once the state government rectifies these lapses, more funds will be released, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13753051", "title": "\u2018Korean Wave\u2019 takes Indian kids in its sway", "text": "\"Jinyoung is so cute\".\"I like No Minwoo better\"\"Lee Jeong Min beats both of them hands down.\"These are strands of a regular conversation between 15-year-old Anoushka and her friends in school - all of whom follow Korean bands religiously and for whom names like Jinyoung and No Minwoo, who incidentally are South Korea's reigning superstar singers, roll easily off the tongue. And they are not the only one. The Korean Wave, a term that was coined in mid-1999 and refers to spread of popular Korean culture comprising music, movies and drama, is slowly making its presence felt in India. And coming under its sway are youngsters from Delhi to Mumbai, Aizawl to Kohima.In fact, the northeast was one of the first regions in the country to take to Hallyu, as the Korean Wave is also referred to. In September 2000, the Revolutionary People's Front (RPF) imposed a blanket ban on the screening of Hindi movies and Hindi satellite channels in Manipur. In order to fill up this vacuum, people took refuge in Southeast Asian cinema. Today, Korean channels like Arirang TV and KBS are aired by the cable operators in the northeast and each household has its own favourite. The first Korea-India music festival and cultural event was held in Nagaland in 2008. It saw a huge turnout with people queuing up to meet popular Korean artists like Ilac and VJ Isak.Nobody knows for sure why the 'K-word' is becoming popular among the youth, especially considering that most of the shows and songs are in Korean and not even dubbed in English. Bangalore-based Swati Sharma, who recently went to Seoul on a student exchange programme, attributes it to cultural similarities. \"I found their habits, behaviour and food to be very similar to ours. Even the way they pronounce their words and their syllables is pretty much like we do. I could easily grasp the language,\" she says. Not surprising then that some kids in Manipur are even learning Korean through television classes.Apart from the cultural affinity, there is the refreshingly different content. Korean TV dramas are not about scheming mother-in-laws. Instead, many of them feature young boys and girls trying to find their place in the world. \"I caught a Korean drama on a family trip to Thailand and have been hooked ever since,\" says Meghna Bajaj, a class X student from Delhi. The easy availability of shows - courtesy the internet, which has seen a surge in India kids downloading Korean TV series, songs and movies - has helped. Noreen Gurung, a student, says she follows all the popular bands on Youtube. Online streaming sites like DramaCrazy.net, My Soju, All Korean Drama and Han Cinema are equally popular.The Korean fixation is not just limited to music, movies and TV. It is also seeping into kids' fashion in India. In the northeast, for instance, it's not uncommon for a boy to have his favourite actor's hairstyle, or for a girl to be seen dressed up as a popular Korean actress. The style is considered somewhat unique as it includes long straight hair (some call it the David Bowie look) and fuses it with masculine side burns (think Heathcliffe from Wuthering Heights). \"It's a kind of cool hairstyle that all young people have been sporting in Meghalaya for a long time now, and it's fabulous,\" says Nicky Pradhan, a shillong student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750540", "title": "Poor women forcibly sent to shelter home, says Delhi RWA", "text": "NEW DELHI: A group of RWA members in the New Delhi area has alleged that some destitute women residing near Lok Nayak Bhavan at Khan Market were 'unlawfully' detained at a shelter home near Tihar Jail.It was also alleged that 'bail-out' money of Rs 5000 was demanded by some lower-rung NDMC employees from the members when they tried to secure the release of the women.According to local residents at the newly set-up resident welfare association near Khan Market, the victims - comprising women in different age groups and even a child - used to work as domestic helps in the locality. \"They were whisked away by a mobile court van at the behest of a few low-level NDMC staffers and sent to a destitute home near Tihar Jail and kept in inhuman conditions,\" alleged Inder Singh Amrohi, a local resident and president of an NGO working for the uplift of women there.Amrohi said no FIR has yet been filed, but a few of the locals are trying to secure the release of the women from the home for destitute. He said they have managed to secure the release of one of the women with help of a lawyer, but the others were still languishing at the home. \"These women were propositioned and when they refused, they were detained at the home. Three of them are still missing - one has a child with her. We want NDMC officials to act against those responsible for this incident. A letter seeking action has been forwarded to the principal secretary and the commissioner of police,'' Amrohi alleged. No senior NDMC official could be contacted while a senior cop said he had no clue about the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13749991", "title": "Four held for man's kidnapping, murder", "text": "RAJKOT: Police have arrested four persons in connection with the kidnapping and murder of a 55-year-old man that took place in Thebchda village in Rajkot district.According to Kuvadava Road police, Mulji Rathod was kidnapped on Tuesday evening by Hemant alias Munno Somani (30) of Ranikpur and his accomplices - Bhavesh Somani (30), Ramji Somani (35) and Jayraj Somani (19). Rathod was kidnapped when he was going to offer puja at a village temple.Rathod's first wife Vanita had then filed a complaint and police had launched an investigation. But on Thursday late, Rathod's body was found from Gadhka village in Rajkot district. Preliminary police investigation said Rathod was murdered on Tuesday night itself.According to Vanita's complaint, Rathod had a second marriage with Bhanuben and has three children from her. The bone of contention was that Bhanuben's brother Mansukh had run away with Hemant's sister Meena two months ago and Hemant suspected that Rathod was sheltering Mansukh. So to take revenge of the incident, Hemant and his men abducted Rathod.Police said after kidnapping Rathod, the accused had beaten him up so severely that he died. Further probe is on in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13768521", "title": "Drew Barrymore marries Will Kopelman", "text": "Drew Barrymore got married to her art dealer fiance Will Kopelman at her Montecito, California home on Saturday.The wedding was designed by celebrity wedding planners Yifat Oren and and Stefanie Cove, who have previously handled Reese Witherspoon's country chic nuptials last March.The intimate ceremony was \"a classic, simple, very pretty, garden-inspired wedding,\" a source told People. A rabbi officiated the wedding.Guests included Jimmy Fallon and wife Nancy Juvonen , Busy Philipps and her husband, and Cameron Diaz , who were also present Friday night for rehearsal dinner at the San Ysidro Ranch.The 'Music and Lyrics' star, who is pregnant with her first child, donned a Chanel gown for her big day.As the newlyweds look ahead to impending parenthood, friends said the former Hollywood wild child - who was twice married before - is eager to begin her life as a mom.\"She's telling people that she's finally ready for a quieter, more family-oriented life,\" an insider said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "13750033", "title": "Two inmates escape from rescue home", "text": "PALANPUR: Two inmates of women rescue home fled from the exhaust fan holes in the bathrooms here on Friday. Superintendent of homes SK Patelia said the two who escaped were Kesar Savji Patel, 18, and Khushbu Ishwarbhai, 19. Kesar had been living in the home since December 12, 2010 after being referred by Tharad police station as a minor.\"We have informed their parents. Of the total 15 inmates in the home now, three are minor,\" he said.Police said, \"The duo took out the exhaust fans fitted in the bathrooms and made their way out through the holes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13754717", "title": "Human trafficking network busted in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Police busted a human trafficking network operating in the city after two girls mustered courage and escaped on Friday.Rama and Pooja, who are from Bhusaval, Maharashtra, approached police on Friday night and registered a complaint against their boyfriends and two others. They said their boyfriend were trying to sell them to some unidentified people.Rama told police that she had become friends with Raj Bhardwaj, a resident of Mahatma Fulenagar, Yaval Road, Bhusaval, a few months ago.Raj asked Rama to accompany him to Surat. They came to the city on May 17. Similarly, Pooja was also brought to the city by Prakash. Both the victims were kept at the residence of Shobha Hitesh Tanna, Parekh Nagar, Punagam area of the city.On Friday afternoon, a woman and three men arrived at the residence. Raj, Prakash, Shobha and her son Hitesh started discussing the prices for the girls to be sold to the unidentified visitors.Rama and Pooja realized that they had been cheated and were in trouble. The girls moved out of the house in the evening under some pretext and reached police station where they lodged a complaint against Raj, Prakash, Shobha and Hitesh. Police have arrested the accused and investigation is on in the case. The accused had tricked several girls and sold a few from the region in the recent past, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13757599", "title": "Air India pilot\u2019s son expelled for midair stunt", "text": "NEW DELHI: An Air India commander's son got his student pilot licence (SPL) cancelled by the Rae Bareli-based Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Udaan Academy (IGRUA) and will be expelled from the institute for flying his trainer aircraft extremely low to click pictures.The aircraft crashed a few months ago near Rae Bareli. Luckily, the IGRUA student, who was flying solo, survived. But a probe later revealed the indiscipline that made the DGCA take an unprecedented action on Friday. \"The student was on an unauthorized flight, flying dangerously low and clicking pictures; a combination of these factors led to the plane getting entangled in high tension wires and crashing. He could have crashed into a building which would have led to a loss of many lives. His SPL is being cancelled and IGRUA will be asked to expel him. Discipline in pilots has to start at a very early stage,\" DGCA chief Bharat Bhushan said.\"Such instances of indiscipline happen once every three to four years and unless the strictest action is not taken, they won't stop,\" said IGRUA director VK Verma.A few years back, a student pilot had flown his trainer aircraft very low over a lake in Gondia to get the 'thrill' of making a splash over the water body. While doing this stunt, his aircraft crashed on the embankment of the lake. He was let off after a corrective training and allowed to proceed with the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13777137", "title": "I-T begins scrutiny of state cricket associations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Income Tax department has begun a scrutiny of tax records and finances of more than 25 state cricket associations in the country to probe whether these bodies are eligible to enjoy tax exemptions on their income.The department, which has entrusted the job to a special investigations unit in Delhi, has found that in the last five years the charter and definition of some of the cricket associations engaged to promote the Gentleman's game has changed and has taken the shape of a structured corporate entity.Sources said that while such a change in the character of a body is totally legal and can be charted out for better functioning of the association, the I-T has a mandate to carry out a scrutiny of accounts and activities to check if the charitable purposes for which taxes were forgone are still adhered too.\"In many cases, the I-T department had no information that the state cricket association has changed its structure. Some were found to have registered themselves as 'private limited'. Hence, a scrutiny of the past five years of tax returns and other finances became necessary,\" I-T sources said.The department has also begun issuing notices to some of the cricket boards asking for documents and financial statements even as it has gathered data on them through electronic and other modes of surveillance.These associations are registered under section 25 of the Companies Act which makes them eligible for tax exemptions under the provisions of section 11 of the Income Tax Act.There are 27 cricket associations affiliated with the BCCI at present and once the scrutiny is complete, the I-T plans to send the reports to respective tax collection ranges for raising of appropriate demands, if any, sources said.According to latest data, the I-T department had demanded over Rs 413 crore as tax from the world's richest cricket body, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) as per its income assessment for the year 2009-10 of which over Rs 41 crore has been paid by the body.The BCCI is also contesting the taxman's claim of withdrawing the exemption from paying tax under the charitable organisation category as per a 2009 order of the assessing office in Mumbai.Tax assessment of the BCCI for the financial years 2010-11, 2011-12, computation of exemption income as enjoyed by the cricket board, probe against various editions of the T20 Indian Premiere League ( IPL) and various state cricket associations is now being conducted by the Central tax unit of the I-T.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13750117", "title": "36 % of Maharashtra\u2019s prisoners are Muslims", "text": "MLC Pasha Patel often jokes that if the number of Muslim prison inmates in Maharashtra keep increasing at the current pace, every jail will soon have an Eidgah. Patel's black humour may be a bit exaggerated, but it cannot be denied that the number of Muslims in jail is highly disproportionate to their population. And this disturbing fact has been reconfirmed by a recent report of two scholars, Dr Vijay Raghvan and Roshni Nair of the Centre for Criminology and Justice at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS).Commissioned by the State Minorities Commission as a follow-up to the Sachar Committee report which lamented that \"in Maharashtra Muslims account for 10.6% (2001 survey) of the general population, yet they comprise 32.4 % of the prison population\" (the current prison population is 36%), the report is being hotly debated among government officials. Last week, at a meeting called by minorities affairs minister Naseem Khan, officials discussed a number of measures to not just prevent Muslim youth from committing crimes but also to provide legal aid to the imprisoned and rehabilitate them post-release. Among the plans in the pipeline are free legal aid to inmates, vocational training, sensitising the police and counselling and career guidance for Muslim youth in general.Based on interviews with 339 Muslim inmates in 15 prisons, the TISS report unfortunately does not address the oft-raised question of alleged discrimination against Muslim offenders at the time of registering the case. \"Our team's questions were first approved by the jail authorities,\" says Raghvan. A source reveals that at first some officials at Mantralaya were not in favour of allowing a headcount of, and interviews with, Muslim inmates. However, when the Minorities Commission and TISS team persisted, the officials relented on condition that they would vet the questionnaire. \"They deleted the questions related to alleged torture and discrimination by the police,\" says the source.Raghavan and senior criminal lawyer Majeed Memon point out that if offenders were aware of the Prohibition of Offenders Act, 1958, which can be invoked to avoid imprisonment if the offence is minor, many of them would not have been jailed. Memon cites the rash driving case of actor John Abraham who was let off under this Act. \"An accused can give a bond of 12 or 24 months to the court, which then appoints a probation officer who monitors his behavior,\" explains Memon. \"Only if he is found guilty of repeating an offence is he punished with imprisonment.\"The report would appear to bear out the fact that some of the offences could well be minor. Raghvan says that 75.5% of the respondents were arrested for the first time and 24.5% were repeat arrestees. \"This shows that majority of the respondents were not career criminals,\" says the report. Adds Raghavan, \"We found that over 30% of the prisoners were not allowed to talk to their relatives at the time of arrest. This violates the rights of an accused.\"The pertinent question remains: Why do so many Muslims join crime? The report discusses several reasons such as lack of resources and income opportunities, peer pressure and conflict with the police. An important one is the area of residence-many respondents who were involved in repeat offences came from neighbourhoods where, they said, they were witness to the flourishing of illegal activities since childhood. A considerable number were arrested for alleged forgery of documents, making fake currency notes, cheating and fraud. Since many Muslim ghettoes are blacklisted by the banks, even better educated people forge documents to get loans. \"Some of them paid agents to make fake documents in order to get the loan,\" explains the report.Although Dr Raghvan declines to discuss in detail the alleged police discrimination against Muslims, a few confessions do pertain to it. Sajid, a prison inmate with a criminal record, told the researchers: \"I am trying to make a new beginning. Every time I start some work, the police arrest me on some charge or the other. They also demand money from me. Those who can pay are set free. The police are very powerful and can do anything.\"Human rights activist Shabnam Hashmi cites the recent example of Kalyan resident Bilal Shaikh whom the police slapped with the non-bailable, cognisable Section 333 after he had a spat with traffic constables for jumping a signal. Assaulted brutally for \"arguing\" with the cops, Shaikh suffered a fracture to his right arm, was arrested and cooled his heels in prison for eight days while the four cops got bail on the same day since their offence, according to the FIR, was non-cognisable. \"This shows the clear bias of the police against Muslim offenders,\" alleges Hashmi. The TISS report says that most Muslims echo these sentiments: \"They view the police as an unjust system using unfair methods in the performance of their duties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13784714", "title": "Armies of India, Pak biggest hurdle in solving Siachen: Pak minister", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Ahead of its key talks with India on the Siachen issue, Pakistan has claimed that the biggest hurdle in resolving the military standoff on the world's highest battlefield are the armies of the two countries.Chaudhry Ahmed Mukhtar, who was the defence minister till yesterday and has now been given the water and power portfolio in a minor Cabinet reshuffle, said India and Pakistan both stand to benefit from resolving the Siachen issue.Both countries stood to gain nothing from the standoff on Siachen and the matter only served to satiate egos, he claimed during an interview with BBC Urdu.He said the only way for India and Pakistan to coexist was to sit at the table and discuss the Siachen issue.The Pakistani minister claimed that the biggest hurdle in resolving the military standoff on the Siachen glacier are the armies of Pakistan and India.Senior Indian and Pakistani officials are set to hold talks on the Siachen issue in Islamabad on June 11 against the backdrop of renewed calls from the Pakistani civil and military leadership for the demilitarisation of the world's highest battlefield.In response to a question, Mukhtar claimed Siachen was Pakistani territory and Pakistan had \"responded\" when India claimed the glacier.\"We think we can come to an agreement. India wants to talk on the Sir Creek issue first, we want to talk about Siachen first - the same issue of egos,\" he claimed.\"I think (Pakistan army chief Gen) Ashfaq Parvez Kayani understands this issue better than all of us and will help reach a decision when the time comes.\"Asked how the Defence Minister, who is placed higher than the army chief, would allow a subordinate to take a decision, Mukhtar said that \"Kayani would offer guidance (and) support, just as the government cooperates and supports the army.\"Responding to a question why Pakistan is not making the first move of unilaterally withdrawing its troops to resolve the Siachen issue, Mukhtar contended that India was a big country and Pakistan expects it to demonstrate magnanimity by making the first move.In response to another question, he said Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh want to resolve the Siachen issue through dialogue.Indian and Pakistani troops have been engaged in a standoff on Siachen since 1984.The guns have largely been silent since late 2003, when the two countries put in place a ceasefire along the frontiers in Jammu and Kashmir , and more troops have died on the glacier due to adverse weather than combat.Since an avalanche killed 139 people at a high-altitude Pakistan Army camp in the Siachen sector in April, security analysts and civil society groups have questioned the deployment of troops in the hazardous terrain", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13758903", "title": "Seven from Chandrapur selected for forest awards", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest department will honour its officers and employees with medals for their excellent services in forest and wildlife protection and management. Seven persons - three officers and four field staffers - from Chandrapur have been selected for the award.Assistant conservator of forest RT Dhabekar and RFO Arun Tikhe are the two officers to have been selected for gold medal from Chandrapur forest circle. They are being honoured for their excellent services in forest and wildlife management. Similarly assistant manager, West Chanda FDCM, has been selected for silver medal for his contribution to forest production.Apart from them round officers Gokul Patil and VB Kamdi along with forest guard MP Choudhari have been selected for gold medal for their contribution to forest and wildlife protection. Naresh Madavi, also from Chandrapur circle, has been chosen for silver medal.State government has decided to honour 46 officers and employees by giving medals for excellent service in 2007-08 and 2010-11. Medals will be distributed by Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan in presence of forest minister Patangrao Kadam in a programme to be held in Mumbai on June 5 on the occasion of World Environment Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13750941", "title": "Squash, eating out pep him up", "text": "Holding their favourite nunchuk - a white motion sensing control stick, Ramneek Sehgal and his daughter have turned their living room into a rowdy spree of roughhousing on a Sunday mid-afternoon. A jubilant Sehgal swings and six-year-old Niyoshka swipes the controller as they together get up and off their couch for gaming sessions on TV connected to their Nintendo home entertainment system.Next, Sehgal will stomp on a bubble wrap, realize balls are for kicking and rocks for throwing with his son and then leave for an evening game at the neighbouring squash court. Since the 2005 commercial success of his Rs 125 crore-construction company in the city, Ramneek has spent most of his weekends unwinding with a Wii entertainment at home, sampling new brews at coffee shops and shitting racquet balls at court with dexterity, often finding directions to his ambitions.While most travellers to Ludhiana wrinkle their brow in displeasure at city's crumbling roads, falling architecture and decrepit drains, Sehgal is at task to change its landscape. And at the end of every taxing week, the 30-year-old entrepreneur switches himself off to get his ions charged. ''You certainly need that hefty dose of imagination. Goofy fun with kids, athletic sports with friends , breaking bread at a nice restaurant and you are back on Monday in the midst of trucks, construction material and rollers to get part of Ludhiana back on track,'' tells Sehgal, CEO, Ceigall India Limited.When Sehgal talks about his imagination, his mind really races. Harbouring an obscure fascination to wear, buy and collect shoes only from outside Ludhiana, he spends some weekends turning into a ''shoeholic''. There have been visits to Champs-Elysses in Paris and Greater Kailash in Delhi when he has only shopped shoes. ''Maybe some day I can leave behind Imelda Marcos ,'' he grins, sharing some of his shoe escapades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13758209", "title": "6 hurt in child marriage feud in WB", "text": "MALDA: Little did the people of Mahisbathani village know that a father's refusal to marry off his minor daughter would trigger violence in the area.The father of the so-called suitor and the girl's father having different political leanings, the incident resulted in tension in the area after a tea stall was ransacked and at least six people were injured in the clash.Ainul Haque, a CPM supporter, has a 15-year-old daughter called Lusimunnesa. The girl is a student of class VIII at the Balarampur Barkol High School. Local sources said that 19-year-old Sahajan Sk, a resident of the same village, had fallen for the girl of late. Sahajan is the son of Mantu Sk who is a known Congress worker in the area. But Ainul did not agree to marry off his daughter at such a young age. The refusal did not go down well with Sahajan. Two days ago, he along with a few of his friends tried to forcibly take away Lusimunnesa with them. The neighbours got together and resisted the youths from taking away Ainul's daughter.On Saturday, Nijamuddin Sk, a relative of Ainul and Minu Sk, was attacked by miscreants while he was having tea at a nearby stall. The goons identified as Pradip Basak and Md Nasiruddin are close aides of Mantu Sk. They attacked Nijamuddin with a heavy rod and sickle and left him bleeding on the ground. This sparked a clash between the two groups and police had to rush to the spot to bring the situation under control.Meanwhile, local Congress leader and gram panchayet pradhan Manirujjaman alleged that some CPM supporters attacked their supporters on Saturday. Four of our workers, including Pradip Basak and Nasiruddin, were injured.Minu Sk, however, said, \"Those who came to forcibly take away the girl were Congress supporters. When we resisted they attacked us.\" Police said that two separate complaints were lodged regarding this incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13767724", "title": "Solar energy to be promoted in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: With the announcement of a budgetary provision of Rs 100 crore for promoting solar energy projects particularly in the rural areas of the state the authorities of New and renewable Energy Development Agency (NEDA) are optimistic about further promotion and use of solar energy in the region.\"Though we are yet to receive guideline in this regard, we are hopeful that it would accelerate the pace of promotion of solar energy in the state,\" said the senior NEDA officer Rajmani Pandey. It may be mentioned here that the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav while presenting the budget for 2012-13 on Friday announced a provision of Rs 100 crore for the promotion of solar energy projects.\"We are looking for covering more areas with solar energy through solar street lights and solar water heating systems,\" Pandey told TOI on Saturday. According to him, over 500 solar streetlights have already been installed in rural areas.The solar energy is being utilized at different establishments of both government and private sectors in the district. So far the district has over 30,000 LPD (liter per day) installed capacity of solar water heating system. The establishments like Banaras Hindu University (BHU), Ramkrishna Mission, nursing homes and hospitals have installed solar water heating system. \"Five villages of Maoist affected areas of Chandauli district have been also electrified with solar energy,\" said Pande.\"While there is already a Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission (JNNSM) of the central government, we are also expecting UP's own solar energy policy in near future,\" said Pandey adding that being encouraged with the success of the first phase of National Solar Mission the state was going to brings its own solar energy policy. According to JNNSM report, the National Solar Mission is a major initiative of central and state governments to promote ecologically sustainable growth while addressing India's energy security challenge. The aim of the Mission is to focus on setting up an enabling environment for solar technology penetration in the country both at a centralized and decentralized level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panaji/calangute", "code": "13756706", "title": "Princess is history before turning 13", "text": "PANAJI/CALANGUTE: Twelve years after it grounded off the Sinquerim shoreline, the 'M V River Princess' has finally bid goodbye to the Candolim beach.Arihant Ship Breakers submitted a project completion report on May 24 to the state government.\"We are now verifying the ship breaker's claim that the vessel has been removed in its entirety,\" said tourism director and the ship's custodian, Swapnil Naik.On Saturday, experts from National Institute of Oceanography (NIO) were seen onboard a fishing trawler, surveying the area off Candolim beach where the ship had run aground. \"Today, they are conducting a magnetometer survey to check for metal pieces in the sand. Yesterday, they had done a survey using a side-scan sonar. Earlier, they had surveyed using a sub-bottom profiler, and also conducted underwater videography,\" Naik said.Naik was part of a monitoring committee set up to oversee the removal of the River Princess, which met in Candolim on Saturday morning. The other committee members present included River Princess Hatao Manch convenor Fermino Fernandes, North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan, tourism secretary P Mathew Samuel and tourism deputy director Hanumant Parsekar.The panel members said that a Navi Mumbai-based marine survey company, New Horizon Surveys, had conducted a hydrographic survey of the area following the ship's removal. On completion of the magnetometer survey by the NIO, the data collected will be analyzed by the National Hydrographic Office (NHO) in Dehradun to verify the claim of Arihant Ship Breakers that nothing remains of the ship. The NHO report is expected before the end of this month.\"The NHO will give its report within three to four weeks,\" said tourism secretary Samuel. \"We can't take the ship breaker's word that they have removed it. We have to verify their claim, because they're being paid a huge amount for the work,\" he added.The deal inked by the previous government with Arihant Ship Breakers was for Rs 99 crore excluding taxes. Arihant sources say that they have generated almost 10,000 tonnes of scrap during the cutting up of the vessel. \"We have sold this scrap and will deduct the amount from the payment to be made by the government,\" an Arihant official said.River Princess Hatao Manch convenor Fernandes said locals heaved a sigh of relief after witnessing the end of the 12 year saga. \"We are grateful to Arihant for finishing the work in time despite a number of handicaps and hurdles like the delay in getting customs clearance because of which work could start only in November. The beach has already started reforming and the tourists visiting this area have started increasing. We're waiting for the report from the NHO because then it will all be over and we can offer a thanksgiving mass to show our gratitude,\" he said.The 240 m long ore carrier, chartered by M/s Salgaocar Mining Industries Pvt Ltd, mysteriously disappeared from Panaji port's outer anchorage during a stormy night on June 6, 2000.The ship's removal has seen twists and turns including stormy relationships within past governments. Current Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, when tourism minister in the previous Manohar Parrikar government in 2004, had walked out of a cabinet meeting in a huff alleging he was not receiving any co-operation from the government for the ship's removal. Pacheco was stripped off his portfolio a few days later and was replaced by the late Matanhy Saldanha, who made the famous statement \"Either the ship goes, or I go.\" The Parrikar government collapsed soon after.The M V River Princess has seen nine global tenders and the state exchequer has already spent over Rs 1 crore by issuing advertisements for global tenders, on legal suits and on consultants, ever since the vessel grounded in June 2000. tnnTime-lineJune 6, 2000: River Princess, a 240-m-long ore carrier, runs aground about 300 metres from Sinquerim-Candolim seashoreJune 2000: Ship's charterers Salgaocar Mining Industries Ltd moots proposal to break ship at site with bank guarantee. Government says no.July 23, 2001: Government passes Goa Tourist Places (protection and maintenance) Act, 2001 to remove River Princess.2003 to 2005: Government issues tenders to remove ship. Texas-based Smith International bags tender but turns it down because time duration for removal too short. Crosschem International Ltd, UK, bags tender, fails to float ship.December 6, 2006: M/s Jaisu Shipping Co Pvt Ltd from Kandla, Gujarat bags contract to refloat and tow the ship away in 90 days, at cost of Rs 5.5 crore to the stateMay 15, 2008: Jaisu fails too. Tourism department encashes bank guarantee of Rs 5.5 crore, announces decision to terminate contract. Contract goes into litigation.February 23, 2010: Government decides to give up trying to re-float and tow away the ship, but cut it into pieces and close the vexed issue.July 7, 2010: After scrapping seven unsuccessful global tenders, state government 'in-principle' awards Singapore-based Titan Salvage to cut up the Princess.March 15, 2011: Govt scraps proposal to refloat the ship and decides to award the work to Mumbai-based Arihant Ship Breakers for cutting it up. With fears over a disappearing Sinquerim beach rising, work on cutting starts although a formal agreement is yet to be signed.April 25, 2011: Govt inks Rs 99 crore deal with Arihant. The ship is to be cut up over two fair seasons.June 2, 2012: Arihant says ship removal is complete. Government agencies scan seabed to verify claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13756648", "title": "Budget finally presented at civic meeting", "text": "NASHIK: The 2012-13 annual Rs 1,170-crore budget prepared by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) administration was presented before the standing committee on Saturday.The presentation of the budget, which was prepared in March 2012, was delayed due to the delay in the formation of the standing committee of the NMC after elections.Even now, since the code of conduct is in force, the NMC members were given copies of the budget, which will be discussed by them in the next meeting. After this process, the budget will finally be sanctioned with the suggestions of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13752506", "title": "'Neki, Brandy did him in'", "text": "MOHALI: Around six-years after the gruesome murder of QuarkCity engineer Sukhwinderjit Singh, the court of additional district and sessions judge R S Rai held Neki Nalwa, victim's widow, and her alleged paramour, Himmat Singh Brandy, guilty on Saturday.The quantum of sentence against both the convicts would be pronounced on June 4.Sukhwinderjit Singh - an engineer in his late 20s - was shot dead when he was taking stroll with Neki near their residence in Sector 69 on December 4, 2005. Neki and her alleged paramour Brandy were arrested on December 7, 2005.The father of deceased, Inderjeet Singh, was also present in the court to hear the final verdict against his daughter-in-law and her aide Himmat Singh. The victim's only son Fateh Tej Partap Singh lives with his grandparents.The sensational murder had hit the headlines when Neki concocted several theories behind the murder of her husband and even levelled allegations against some of the officials of QuarkCity.According to prosecution theory, Neki had insisted that Sukhwinderjit goes out with her for a walk and had informed Brandy, who was then in club, on the fateful night of December 4, 2005. The prosecution has established that Himmat came in his car and escaped after shooting the engineer from a point blank range on the same night. It was Neki's second marriage with Sukhwinderjit and both had filed a divorce petition.The case has taken several curious turns like when tower location of accused Himmat's cell phone showed his presence at a party in Zirakpur and Neki tried to commit suicide inside Patiala Central Jail in March 2009.Meanwhile, the bail application of Neki has been rejected half a dozen times in lower court and in Punjab and Haryana high court as well. Though in November 2008, high court had directed the Mohali court to conclude the trial within six months, it took four-years due to long legal procedures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752689", "title": "One killed as portion of balcony collapses", "text": "JAIPUR: A labourer was killed while another injured after a portion of an under construction balcony of a private school collapsed in Niwaru Road area in Jhotwara on Saturday. It being summer vacations no children were present in the school. The incident took place when the labourers who were brothers were engaged working in the under construction balcony. Suddenly the portion on which the two labourers were working collapsed and they were buried under the debris. Some of the onlookers from nearby shops and market area came to rescue the labourers.A team of senior police officers from Kardhani police station rushed to the spot and removed the debris. Initially, the police had to face the locals' ire for their late arrival. \"The two were rushed to Sawai Man Singh (SMS) Hospital where one of the labourers was declared brought dead while the other is undergoing treatment,\" said a police officer from Kardhani police station.The deceased was identified as Rinku (25) while his brother who survived is Vijay (26). Police added that the brothers hailed from Khari Bawari in Kota district and were working as daily wage labourers in Jaipur for some years. Police have registered a case of death due to negligence against the contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13752025", "title": "Out of hope, Ruchika Girhotra\u2019s kin rest case against SPS Rathore", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The family of teenaged tennis player Ruchika Girhotra, driven to suicide three years after ex-Haryana police chief SPS Rathore molested her in 1990, has given up on its fight for justice after a court accepted CBI's closure report on two cases against the former cop on Friday.Ruchika's father, Subash Girhotra, said the family presented a lot of material related to these cases - attempt to murder and forgery - but the CBI \"seemed to be adamant on closure\". Another case involving abetment to suicide is pending before the Punjab and Haryana high court. Girhotra said the family had mustered courage and filed fresh complaints against Rathore after he was, in December 2009, convicted of molesting the 14-year-old. He said he thought the system had changed. \"But now it seems that neither has the system changed nor it can be changed. So we decided not to pursue the case.\"He said the family sees \"no ray of hope now\" and it did not object to the closure reports as they cannot \"take this any further\" and felt \"cheated\". He said the circumstances have pushed the family 20 years back. Girhotra said he met home minister P Chidambaram and he assured him of justice for all atrocities Rathore had committed after he was convicted.But intimidation seemed to have been one of the reasons for the family to give up. The family's security was removed three months back. \"We have been feeling unsafe. We move out of our house in fear. This is a reason we accepted the closure report,\" said Ruchika's sister-in-law, Kavita. The ex-cop allegedly harassed the family and filed false cases against Ruchika's brother. The witch-hunt forced the two to leave Chandigarh. They were shifted to several cities and returned to Panchkula many years later.But the CBI said Girhotra and Ashu's allegations against Rathore \"could not be substantiated as per the documentary evidence and oral testimony of witnesses\". The CBI had filed three fresh FIRs against Rathore in 2010 following a groundswell of public support in the backdrop of campaigns for justice. But the agency filed the closure report in the two cases 10 months later that were accepted on Friday.We thought the system had changed. But now it seems that neither has the system changed nor it can be changed. So, we decided not to pursue the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13756505", "title": "Petrol price cut is no big deal, say motorists", "text": "BANGALORE: There was some relief for Bangaloreans after petrol prices were rolled back on Saturday.Citizens, who have been breathing fire over the steep hike are relieved but only to an extent. Raghavendra M, a commuter from IIM, Bannerghatta Road to MG Road, said: \"A cut of Rs 2 is nothing . We still have to pay Rs 5 more per litre and there's no escape from hikes, even in the future.\"Suchitra R, a commuter from Whitefield to Indiranagar , says she's praying there'll be further cuts.\"What is the point of any hike in salary if petrol prices shoot up? The cut is fine, but more is needed. Time was when we used to pay between Rs 50 and Rs 60, now it's Rs 82. It won't be surprising if we start paying between Rs 90 and Rs 100 soon. The Rs 2 cut doesn't make a difference ,\" she points out.Praveen M, a commuter from Vijayanagar to BTM, says the hike has already burnt a hole in his pocket. \"If the entire hike was rolled back, it would have been better . Not that we want to pay even Rs 73 per litre. The rise is far more than the cut, so what difference does it make?\"Veena A, a professional who works on Church Street, says the hike is almost 10% of the original price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13772557", "title": "I was under a lot of pressure: Anusha Dandekar", "text": "Anusha Dandekar was nervous about her Marathi film!She has done a few Bollywood films in the past, and even shared screen space with Amitabh Bachchan in Viruddh . But when it came to Jai Jai Maharashtra Majha , her first Marathi film, Anusha Dandekar was very nervous! Says Anusha, \"I was under a lot of pressure because I am not very fluent in Marathi. Besides, actors in the Marathi film industry are hugely respected people and I was not sure whether I would be able to live up to expectations. I worked really hard to get it right for the role and finally, I am happy that my hard work has been appreciated. And the best part is that while I didn't give acting a serious thought earlier, doing this film has made me a lot more confident as an actor. Now, I would consider acting offers more seriously and love to do a few Bollywood flicks as well.\"Ask this fashion diva about what she is most comfortable in during her off-screen avatar and she shares, \"What I wear completely depends on my mood. So, if I am happy and feeling very feminine, I might go for a pretty dress while if I want a sporty look, I might wear tracksuits. As long as you know your body and what suits it, there is no problem in choosing what to wear.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13752436", "title": "NCW chief seeks one-time payment for ex-women Test cricketers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Commission for Women (NCW) on Saturday asked BCCI for one-time payment for former women Test cricketers from the profits of the Indian Premier League as was done for their male counterparts.NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma said, \"Like the men, women, too, have contributed to the country's cricket. Then why should they be discriminated against?\"In a letter to union sports minister Ajay Maken , she argued if former male players are entitled to the payment, women should also get it.\"I have sought the minister's intervention. Why should a woman's efforts on the field be ignored?\" Sharma said. She will also write to BCCI chief N Srinivasan to press for the demand.Last week, the BCCI paid about Rs 70 crore obtained as profits from the IPL to 20 former international and domestic players who had retired before 2004.She also suggested an IPL for women cricketers. \"Why shouldn't women play in the IPL?\" she asked. The NCW will discuss it at a meeting and raise this with the BCCI soon.Besides women cricketers, Sharma plans to rope in actor Aamir Khan for creating awareness about women's issues. The idea struck her after she watched the actor take up social issues on the TV serial Satyameva Jayate.While talking about rising crimes against women, Sharma slammed Uttar Pradesh. \"Don't ask me what kind of crimes occur there, instead ask what crimes don't happen in UP. It's very bad in UP. But there is a new government in the state. So, we should give it some time,\" she said.The NCW chief said a large number of cases are reported from areas of UP adjacent to Delhi, including Noida and Ghaziabad.The NCW has launched a 24-hour helpline for women in Gujarat. \"Within about one and a half months of its launch, 1,000 cases were reported,\" she said. Similar helplines would be launched in Haryana and Rajasthan soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13755283", "title": "Madurai Kamaraj University to prepare detailed project report on film studies", "text": "MADURAI: The syndicate of (MKU) which convened on Saturday, decided to appoint a Chennai-based auditor to prepare a (DPR) on film studies the university had proposed to offer from this academic year onwards.According to the university sources, the syndicate meeting was attended by higher education secretary, T S Sridhar with MKU vice-chancellor, Kalyani Mathivanan presiding over the meeting.During the meeting, the syndicate gave three weeks time for preparing the DPR after which it will be sent to the state government for funding support.The syndicate further approved the five-year integrated course on tourism and hotel management to be commenced in the university from this academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13754491", "title": "SSP's intervention helps 2 kids get justice finally", "text": "INDORE: Acting on the direction of the senior superintendent of police (SSP) on Friday after two kids approached him with CCTV footage showing a man, his wife and daughter allegedly beating one of them, the city police on Saturday registered various counts of offences against the accused and arrested them. However, they were released on bail later.According to the police, the accused identified as Chandan Singh Pawar, his wife and daughter were arrested from their residence. Pawar, along with his wife and daughter were allegedly caught beating one of the victims in CCTV footage. They were booked under Sections 323, 294, 506 and 34 of the IPC.Two children of Modi Compound, a residential area, had met SSP on Friday and lodged a complaint against Pawar and his family members accusing them of physically and mentally harassing them. They also showed CCTV footage as the evidence against the accused. The children also told SSP that no action was taken against the accused despite being complaining at Choti Gwaltoli police station.Subsequently, the SSP in response went through the CCTV footage and ordered Choti Gwaltoli police in-charge Anil Singh Rathore to take immediate action against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13751374", "title": "HUDA vs irrigation department on water supply", "text": "GURGAON: The water crisis in the city has led to severe shortages but according to the irrigation department, there has been no dearth of supply at their end in the last few weeks. Officials say that the supply has remained the same for Gurgaon - 140 cusecs a day.On the other hand, HUDA officials have time and again blamed the shortage on the dwindling canal supply. So what explains the recent dry run? HUDA's treatment plant in Basai gets water from the Gurgaon canal, maintained and run by the irrigation department. The daily supply is 140 cusecs - and apart from HUDA, the water is allotted to HSIIDC and the public health department too. \"Our supply figures have been the same,\" said Pradeep Yadav, executive engineer at the irrigation department who looks after the supply to Gurgaon. When asked about Gurgaon's water crisis, Yadav said HUDA officials would be in a better position to answer the question. The irrigation department also blames HUDA and other civic bodies for not having the infrastructure in place to utilize the new supply planned for the city via the NCR water channel. \"We have had the trial runs. We are ready with 700 cusecs more for Gurgaon, Bahadurgarh and other places in Haryana. But the beneficiaries are not yet ready to receive this new supply,\" said another official of the department. The official said that HUDA's new treatment plant in Chandu Budhera, which will be linked with the NCR channel, is still not in place. \"I don't know when they will be ready. I think it will take at least six more months.\" HUDA's superintending engineer, Adarsh Gupta, maintained that Gurgaon's supply reflects what HUDA gets from the irrigation department. \"Whatever water we get from them, we pump forward,\" he said. Naresh Pawar, executive engineer in HUDA, said that currently the city is getting 90 cusecs from the canal. \"We have written to the irrigation department that they supply 40 cusecs more to us,\" said Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "13752755", "title": "Eerie calm in Bhojpur", "text": "ARA: Tension runs high in and around Bhojpur district following the murder of mukhiyaji. Traders kept their shutters down apprehending untoward incident. Sunil Pandey, MLA, and his brother Hulas Pandey, MLC, did not participate in the funeral procession.The funeral procession started at 9.30 on Saturday morning with his followers shouting slogan, 'Brahmeshwar Singh aandhi hai, kisano ka woh Gandhi hai'.Thousands of people thronged the residence of the slain leader at Katira under Nawada police station on Saturday. Slogans of 'Brahmeshwar Singh amar rahe' and 'kisano ka mashiha-Brahmeshwar Singh' rent the air when the body of Mukhiyaji was put on the open van.His sympathizers paid their last tributes to the departed soul with tears in their eyes as the procession passed through the main thoroughfares of the town en route to Patna.State BJP president Dr C P Thakur faced an awkward situation near Shaheed Bhawan mor. He was not allowed to pay floral tributes to Mukhiyaji as people questioned him why the murderers had not yet been arrested so far. Thakur appealed to the people to maintain peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13751285", "title": "No need for CBI probe in Dana Sangma case: Gurgaon police", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon police have now stated before Punjab and Haryana high court that it is not necessary to transfer the Dana Sangma case to the CBI.This comes as a blow to Dana's family members, who have been demanding a CBI probe in the matter. Ironically, it was Gurgaon Police who had first broached the idea of passing the case to CBI days after Dana's death. Police, meanwhile, had on Friday submitted a detailed status report in the court giving the details of the investigation carried out in the Dana Sangma suicide case.Confirming the development, DCP (South), Praveen Kumar Mehta, said, \"Yes, the police have submitted in the court that the investigation is on in the right track and there is no need for any other agency to investigate the case.\" The officer added that the probe was likely to be completed soon.However, Dana's lawyer, Utsav Bain, said, \"The court has not given its final decision on the petition and we hope that considering the seriousness of the case, a CBI probe will be ordered.\"The court has fixed July 16 as the next date of hearing in the case. Last month, Dana's elder sister, Balsame M Sangma, had approached the high court alleging that the Gurgaon police were not carrying out the investigation properly and demanded that the probe be transferred to the CBI. She also alleged that staff of Amity University had been discriminating against her sister Dana as she was from northeast India. The family also alleged that the university management was influential and would scuttle the probe if it was carried out by police.Responding to the allegation in the status report, police said that the Special Investigation Team, headed by ACP Ravinder Tomar had found no discrimination by the Amity University staff against northeastern students. According to the reports of the police cyber cell, the internet connection in Dana's phone was on at the test centre and even her roommate had told the police that Dana was found using her mobile in the examination hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13755072", "title": "Women flash bold 'boyfriend' watches", "text": "BANGALORE: Earlier it was the boyfriends' jeans; now it's their watches that women covet. Big, bold, muscular watches are one of the few male fashion statements that women are willing to make.Watchmakers are discovering that masculine, chunky watches for women now make for a substantial portion of their sales and are rising faster than their traditional women's portfolio. Gold bracelets and feminine watches are going out of favour with women.\"The trends in the women's-watches market has been evolving over the years globally and is visible in the Indian market for the past two years,\" says Vasant Nangia, MD, Fossil India.There's been a shift in the buying patterns of women, Nangia says; 15-20 mm dials are out, with customers opting for 35-38 mm ones. The gold-plated look has been replaced by white, black, brown and rose gold. The bling quotient, too, is in decline, with women opting for a clean finish.\"Chunky watches are convenient to wear. They look trendy, are casual and, importantly, compliment most dresses girls of my age wear,\" says Ashwitha Mukundan, a Mount Carmel graduate.\"Three years ago, large-dial watches accounted for less than 10% of sales in the women's-watches category, which today accounts for 35%,\" says V D Wadhwa, CEO and MD of Timex Group India.This trend among women, however, is most prominent in the fashion-watch segment, priced between Rs 5,000 and Rs 50,000. \"Even in the luxury-watch market, the trend is catching on,\" says Wadhwa.Fossil India, which markets an array of international fashion-watch brands in India such as DKNY, Diesel, Fossil, Emporio Armani and Michael Kors, has seen the sales of large-dial watches in the women's segment soar. Such watches, he says, account for over 50% of sales of women's watches.\"We noticed that many women, particularly in the 15-30 age group, would buy watches from the men's section - bolder women who preferred chunky watches with an androgynous look,\" says Simeran Bhasin, marketing head, Fastrack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13755439", "title": "Congress candidates for council polls in jeopardy", "text": "BANGALORE: The fate of two Congress candidates, one JD(S) and that of an independent for the legislative council elections on June 11 hangs in the balance as their nomination papers were not in order on Saturday and a final decision will be taken on Monday.Preoccupied with the Siddaramaiah crisis, the state Congress leadership seemed not to have given the candidates the required guidance for filing nomination papers. The papers of Congress candidates Iqbal Ahmed Saradgi and K Govindaraju, S M Agha (JDS) and Byrati Suresh (independent ) are pending. \"We will seek their clarifications during a hearing on Monday and take a decision to accept or reject them,'' assembly secretary and returning officer Omprakash said here.Of 13 nomination papers filed for the council, the BJP's all six, two Congress -- C Motamma and M R Seetharam -- have been found in order.The nomination papers of Saradgi and Suresh have been kept on hold since they filed their affidavits on Rs 20 e-stamp paper as against the requirement of a Rs 50 paper. The BJP raised objections to the papers of Govindaraju as he is the president of the Karnataka Olympic Association which is deemed as an office of profit. Agha's papers were not in the prescribed format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13754464", "title": "Don\u2019t mess with IIT excellence", "text": "The recent change to the IIT admission procedures affects a small percentage of Indians. However, it is a glaring example of how politicians and we as a nation have scant respect for excellence.The IITs receive disproportionate attention is because they are our symbols of excellence. The institutes have, over the last few decades, built an extraordinary brand for themselves in India and, to a certain extent, even abroad. It is hard to imagine they are state-owned.Sure, the IITs are not without their flaws. They suffer from issues like lack of creativity, elitism, conservatism and excessive focus on grades. However, for the large part, the institutes are excellent. It is a middle-class Indian dream to get admission into them, which in turn opens up career opportunities and is a stamp of excellence for life.This success has been due to the autonomy provided to the institutes, their resources and the quality of people who work there. The other big reason is a strong, almost draconian joint entrance exam (JEE) system. The college attracts and is able to filter top students who have the ability and determination to excel. On the other hand, given the desirability of the place versus the number of seats, the exam stress for students is immense.In a bid to reduce this stress, the HRD ministry has recommended changes to the admission procedures. The changes include a common entrance exam for the IITs and the NITs, a two-paper format including the main test and the advanced test. These changes may bring some streamlining and are not harmful. However, one big change can be a threat to the IITs- giving a 50% weightage to class XII board examination scores.These scores would be normalized and could be from any of the 42 state and national boards across the country. Thus, the core component of the IIT selection, its own JEE would be immensely diluted. What will come in its place will be exams based on CBSE or other boards. To score well in board exams, application of concepts or analytical abilities -important indicators of student excellence - are not often required. There is sheer arbitrariness too. In my class XII science subjects, 30% of the weightage was for practicals. Those who were liked by the teacher obtained full marks. Now these marks will count in the IIT selections.Needless to say, all sorts of bizarre issues will emerge with this change. Students will fight to get high board marks as well as do well in JEE exams. The stress will not fall; it will in fact rise significantly. Coaching classes will not reduce but multiply, for now they will prepare students for the entrance exams as well as the boards. All purported benefits of this move are non-existent. In scientific terms, it introduces a high element of randomness in the selection procedure, versus the talent of the student.The stress can only be reduced if we have more A-grade colleges, with strict quality control. If there are thousands on a train platform and only one train, making the doors wider is not going to help the situation. You have to add more trains.And of course, this is the harsh reality our politicians want to hide. The real difference will come if the IITs multiply, or at least help create another engineering college brand. Change will come if Delhi University doubles its intake. Why can't Delhi University open satellite campuses in Gurgaon or Noida? What is stopping the government from doing so? Why are the rules for education in the private sector so shady? Why don't good people want to enter private education? These are the questions that need to be answered.However, the politics of symbolism has become a lifestyle. Dalit meals, cartoons, temples, entrance exam changes, elite school quotas - all are dished out so that people don't face the real issues.The irony is few Indians care about this violation of excellence. Many even support the move - partly believing fallacies about reducing stress and partly because we don't think it really matters either way. More than anything, we as a society do not value talent and excellence as much. We feel someone elected to power has the right to control, interfere and even murder excellence. In fact, the bigger question is this - why can't we let the IITs run themselves? Why are we forcing things down their throat, which will hurt their brand in the long-term?The fact is that if the minister announced a lottery to get into the IIT rather than an exam, the majority may support it. After all, most cannot get into an IIT, so a lottery improves their chances. Should we do it then? The current changes are akin to a lottery element being added to the entrance exam. It may even enjoy some public support. However, over time, it will destroy the IITs and make them less excellent. And when some of the excellence that we have in India dies, it hurts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753339", "title": "HC seeks reply on tiger task force delay", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking cognizance of three tiger deaths in UP within a week, the high court has asked the Central and state governments to explain why the proposed Special Task Force for protection of tigers in the national parks not been constituted yet.The court has also directed state government to set up the task force before July first week.The court will hear the case in July first week.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit on a PIL seeking directions to the government for constitution of the force.The Central government's counsel told the court that the Centre has released the funds and now the onus is on the state to set up the task force.The idea of setting up a dedicated tiger protection force was mooted by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on November 5, 2007. Dudhwa, along with 16 tiger reserves in Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka, Uttarakhand , Assam, Tamil Nadu, Odisha and Bihar was nominated to be manned by the special task force to accord protection to the dwindling population of big cats against rampant poaching.The task force will comprise forest guards and locals. Besides shortage of forest guards, most of them are old too, said sources.Dudhwa, in 2008, was sanctioned one company of 120 trained personnel for STF. The company was to be headed by an assistant commandant, deemed to be at par with an assistant superintendent of police.The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) was expected to bear the expenses for arms and vehicles for patrolling and other logistics involved.The specialised force was to be recruited by the state home department as per the rules and regulation finalised by the state government and the Centre. Its recruitment and deployment was meant to be confined to man the tiger belt alone. The state government was to make arrangements for training of the personnel and setting up the infrastructural support required.Meanwhile, additional advocate general, UP, Zafaryab Jilani said he would seek instructions from the state government on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "tripoli (lebanon)", "code": "13750627", "title": "Eight dead in Lebanon clashes linked to Syria: Security offcial", "text": "TRIPOLI (LEBANON): Clashes between pro- and anti-Syrian regime gunmen today killed at least eight people killed and wounded 21 others in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli, a security official said.Among the dead were a woman and her son, killed by a rocket in the Bab al-Tebanneh district, a mostly Sunni Muslim community which supports Syria's anti-regime opposition, the official said.At least five were wounded in Jabal Mohsen, an area mainly populated by pro-Damascus Alawites.Sporadic gun and rocket fire broke out at midnight and continued through the night, forcing some residents of the port city to flee their homes.The army and police were later being deployed in Tripoli, the source said.Sectarian violence has flared on a number of occasions in Tripoli since the revolt broke out in neighbouring Syria in March last year, including deadly street battles in May.Bab al-Tebbaneh and Jabal Mohsen have been gripped by frequent fighting, reflecting a split between Lebanon's parties where the opposition backs the revolt in Syria while a ruling coalition led by Hezbollah supports the Damascus regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13751281", "title": "Crocodiles in unfenced ducks' pond", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The visitors to Chhatbir Zoo were taken by surprise on Saturday as they found two crocodiles in the pond of ducks, which is not even fenced. But the zoo officials claimed that the pair was deliberately shifted as it is their breeding season. Countering their claims, the zoo management started pumping out the water from the lake. The water was being pumped out till the filing of this report.Chhatbir Zoo director Banta Raj Kumar said, \"We have decided to put a layer of soil in and around the crocodiles' place and till the completion of this work, two of the crocs were shifted to the nearby pond.\" He said all ducks were removed before shifting the reptiles.Sources said the presence of two crocodiles in an unfenced pond drew flak from the visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13758970", "title": "Arvi police brutality leaves youth injured", "text": "WARDHA: The brutality of Arvi Police left a 26-year-old youth from Arvi Aakash Gostakar with severe injuries on Friday evening. So much so, Aakash's middle bone in right thigh was broken due to the beating. Doctors at Sewagram Hospital operated Aakash. Wardha superintendent of police of has ordered an inquiry into the incident.It so happened that at around 7.30pm on Friday, Aakash along with a friend was going to Talegaon from Arvi. Near Wardhmaneri village, 8km from Arvi, Aakash, who was riding the bike had to stop his vehicle as he got blinded by the high beam of police van. When cops came near him he tried to flee as he was drunk. But the cops caught hold of him but his friend managed to give the cops a slip.Parag Dhoble, who was attending Aakash at Sewagram hospital said, \"Aakash told me that police demanded Rs 2,000 bribe but when he refused they started beating him on his legs. As a result the middle bone of his right thigh fractured. The cops left Aakash gasping in pain.\"\"Aakash cried for help. Some villagers came to his rescue and admitted him to government hospital in Arvi. But the doctors at Arvi hospital referred Aakash to Sewagram hospital where he was operated today,\" Parag said.A doctor who attended Aakash at Sewagram hospital said, \"The middle bone of left thigh has been damaged. It happens rarely as the bone is considered very strong.\"Wardha SP Avinash Kumar confirmed the incident but refused to divulge any details. \"I have ordered an inquiry into the matter. Additional SP TS Gedam is conducting the inquiry. I can make any comment only after getting the report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13754349", "title": "Indore Development Authority to develop 20 parking zones in Indore", "text": "INDORE: In a bid to ease the flow of traffic and urge people to use public transport for commuting, Indore Development Authority (IDA) has decided to develop 20 parking zones on 11.5 km long pilot Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor. Work on BRTS project has already started and the buses are expected to ply from September.IDA has identified areas like Niranjanpura, C-21 Mall, Raghunath Patrol pump, LIG Gurudwara while other remaining spots will be identified soon. With a cost of Rs 135 crore, BRTS is being constructed from Rajeev Gandhi Square to Niranjapura.The parking spots would be developed near 20 bus stops so that the residents could avail facility of public transport conveniently, an IDA official said. He added that the IDA plans to develop a system where people can park their vehicles in the nearest parking lot and catch the desired bus.Prabhat Mishra, an IT professional said that people will use public transport only when it will have better and convenient connectivity to each area. Providing parking facility will certainly encourage people to use public transport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13754088", "title": "State tops foeticide cases in 2010", "text": "INDORE: It is ironic. The state, which has embarked on an ambitious 'save the girl child' campaign last year, holds an embarrassing record of maximum number of foeticide cases in 2010 on par with Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, if the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) report is to be believed. Above all, in the past five years only, five sonography centres in Indore have been booked under Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act.There are more than 290 such centres in Indore. Though the district administration inspects the centres on a monthly basis, the poor sex ratio of 892/1000 at birth is still a major concern.According to NCRB data, there were 111 cases of foeticides reported in the country in 2010 in which Madhya Pradesh topped with 18 cases.Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh have also registered similar number of incidents. Subsequent positions are held by Punjab (15 cases) and Gujarat (10 cases). These five states together account for 71.2% of such foeticide cases reported in the country. Though the report has indicated a declining trend of foeticide in the country, health activists believe that the figure does not present the real picture. The actual figure is high.The non-government organisations working in field to curb foeticide in the region have condemned the incident in which eight foetuses were found to be dumpled near a lake and raised various questions which are to be investigated.Mukesh Sinha, executive director of Madhya Pradesh Voluntary Health Association (MPVHA) says, \"It seems violation of biomedical waste rules but it is yet to be investigated whether culprits kept them in formalin to hide them. If they were used for study purpose, then foetuses could be destroyed as per the biomedical waste rules. One should not have dumped them in open.\"\"If the official records show 18 cases a year, it is surely under-reported. Recently, the district administration has penalised diagnostic centres allegedly indulged in malpractices,\" said Sinha. According to the census 2011, the state has lost 20 points in the child sex ratio since 2001. The girl count in state has come down from 932 girls per 1000 boys in 2001 to 912 in a decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13780939", "title": "Conditions favourable for onset of monsoon: Met office", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Conditions are favourable for the onset of the South West monsoon over Kerala in the next 48 hours, according to the IMD station here.Rain occurred at a few places in Kerala and Isolated places in lakshadweep.The chief amounts of rainfall reported in cm are: Enamakkal, Vadakara 3 each. Kottayam, Chalakudy, Irinjalakuda 2 each. Kochi, Piravom,Kodungallur one each.Maximum temperature was above normal in Kozhikode and Piravom dist.Above normal in Ernakulam,Kannur,Kollam, Kottayam dist and changed little in the remaining dist.Kozhikode &amp; Palakkad reported the maximum highest temperature of 35 degree culsius.Forcast valid until of morning of 5th June. rain/tendershower will occur at a few places in Kerala &amp; lakshadweep.Fisherman Warning: Strong onshore winds from westernly direction speed occasionally reaching 45-55 KMPH is likely along and off kerala cost and over Lakshadweep area during the next 24 hours.Outlook no significant change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "13753167", "title": "Man awarded 6 years\u2019 jail term", "text": "DARBHANGA: The court of the adhoc additional district and sessions judge (ADJ)-4, Darbhanga, Sunil Kumar Singh on Thursday sentenced one, Md Munna, of Harlakhi village in Madhubani district to six years imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5,000 for drugging a train passenger, Md Rizwan, at Darbhanga railway station on May 1,2008, making him unconscious and robbing him of all his belongings.According to Darbhanga PP B K Singh, when Rizwan of Bisfi village in Madhubani district got down from the train at Darbhanga station for going onwards to his village, Munna befriended him and offered tea mixed with an intoxicating drug. The accused hired a rickshaw and he, along with the victim, sat on it and reached Ahilapur Ghat under Bahadurpur PS in Darbhanga district. By that time Rizwan became unconscious, all his belongings had been looted by the accused.Meanwhile, the rickshaw-puller had raised a hue and cry. The accused was caught by the people. Chowkidar Bishwanath Paswan lodged a case against Munna with Bahadurpur police station. On March 31, 2009, the court framed charges against him.The prosecution presented 12 persons as witnesses in this case during trial. The court held Munna guilty on May 29 and announced the quantum of punishment on Thursday. Munna has been in judicial custody since May 1, 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13753762", "title": "Film cast, crew detained at city hotels for non-payment of bills", "text": "BHOPAL: About a 100 cast and crew of Bolliwood movie 'Kaanch' were found themselves in a hostage-like situation in six different hotels of the city on non-payment of their bills amounting to an estimated Rs 15 lakh here on Saturday. Noted filmmaker Kalpana Lajmi and producer of the film Rajiv Kashyap blamed each other for the situation.Earlier on Saturday, the hotels reportedly refused to serve the cast and crew food and at some instances the hotel officials allegedly took possession of their equipment as a security against the unpaid bills, claimed the film's crew. The movie is being produced at an estimated budget of Rs 6 crore including for promotion, said Lajmi.\"If he (Rajiv Kashyap) did not have the money, why did he venture into making a film?,\" asked Lajmi. \"Cheques have bounced. He is not available to explain our plight and there is no one in his office,\" she added.Speaking to TOI, producer Rajiv Kashyap said, \"Lajmi did not stick to the schedule. Money was being wasted.\" As for the bounced cheques, Kashyap said, \"I am not aware of any cheque bounce.\"The 60-day shoot schedule of the art film has been progressing at Dahod, near Mandideep since May 25. The cast include noted actor and singer Ila Arun, television actor Avika Gor of Balika Vadhu fame, Pitobash (Shor In The City) and cricketer Yuvraj Singh's father Yograj Singh .Amid trading the charges over non-payment of bills, both were of the opinion that the film should be completed. \"The payments would be made in due course and return ticket for the crew are being arranged,\" said Kashyap. \"The film is likely to resume from September 15,\" he added.\"It is not a small thing. I'm trying to make a decent film. If he assures that payments would be made, we might reconsider returning,\" said Lajmi.The film is about a 16-year-old girl, who with the help of her friends, manages to avoid her marriage with the village head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13751964", "title": "Hotelier booked for \u2018land-grab\u2019", "text": "NOIDA: Acting on a complaint by the Noida Authority CEO, the Gautam Budh Nagar district police on Saturday lodged an FIR against a hotel owner for cheating, forgery and conspiracy to encroach upon land belonging to the district administration. The action is part of the Authority's crackdown on unauthorized construction by developers in Noida.Devendra Kumar Gangal, the property owner, has been booked under sections 420, 467, 468, 471 and 120(b) of IPC, the Sector 39 police said. The role of many others, including some officials considered close to the former BSP government, will now be investigated, police said.On Friday, the Authority had shot off a letter to MKS Sundaram, district magistrate of Gautam Budh Nagar, seeking strict action against Golf View Hotel, a 3-star property in Sector 37 that was allegedly constructed on gram sabha land belonging to the district administration. On Saturday morning, the DM asked senior superintendent of police Praveen Kumar to get an FIR lodged in the matter and begin investigation.\"I received a letter on Friday from the Noida Authority informing me about the case. I then wrote to the police to have an FIR lodged against the property owners, conduct an investigation and bring the guilty to book for the encroachment and the unauthorized construction,\" Sundaram said.The 65-room hotel was constructed nearly two years ago. An Authority official on condition of anonymity explained that almost 25 years ago this land was given to them by the district administration, but in 2008-09, it was returned to the Gautam Budh Nagar administration on the directions of the state government. The controversial 3-star hotel was built thereafter without taking the required approvals and without the clearance of the building plans, the official claimed.He said that no construction is allowed on gram sabha land.Despite repeated attempts, the owners of the property could not be reached for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13756954", "title": "UGC to let only top 500 foreign universities enter India", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an attempt to rein in fly-by-night operators who have set up shops in India, the Universities Grants Commission (UGC) has made its approval mandatory for all collaborations between foreign and Indian educational institutions. The new regulations approved by the UGC on Saturday give existing institutions six months to get approval.The UGC has also laid down dual criteria to ensure that quality academic institutions are allowed to run joint degree or twinning courses. Only those foreign institutions will be allowed to collaborate who figure in the top 500 of the Times Higher Education World University Ranking or the Shanghai Jiaotong ranking.The Indian varsities should have received the highest accreditation grade from the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) and the National Board of Accreditation (NBA) to be eligible for a tie-up with a foreign institution.\"We would like only quality academic institutions to establish programmes here to protect students' interests. We will issue a public notice and also put up a list on our website detailing approved institutions so that students are not duped,\" Prof Ved Prakash, UGC acting chairman, said.The degrees will be awarded by the Indian universities for their acceptability in India. Institutes failing to abide by the guidelines would be penalized. The UGC is empowered to stop grants in case of public institutions while it can recommend to the Centre withdrawal of recognition in case of deemed universities.The guidelines come at a time when the Foreign Educational Institutions (Regulation of Entry and Operations Bill) 2010 has been pending before Parliament for the past two years. There has been growing concern in recent years that fake foreign varsities were duping students. Now, over 600 foreign education institutions operate in the country.The UGC put its plan to allow foreign universities to set up campus on hold after a large number of members felt that there was need for greater deliberations. \"It was felt that there was need for more detailed deliberations with statutory councils from different areas of study, including technical, medical, law and architecture,'' said Prakash.A UGC member said that several members questioned the need to allow foreign varsities to function as \"deemed universities''. Considering the overwhelming view, the decision was deferred.Factfile* Foreign education institutions have increased from 144 (2000) to 631 (2010)* The maximum number were from the UK (158), followed by Canada (80) and the US (44)* Of the 60 foreign education providers, who have programme collaboration with local institutions, only 25 local institutions were affiliated to Indian universities or approved by regulatory bodies* Only 32 of the 49 foreign institutions operating under twinning arrangements have approval or affiliation(Source: Association of Indian Universities)The new regulations approved by UGC:* Only those foreign institutions that figure in the top 500 of global ranking by Times Higher Education World University Ranking/Shanghai Jiaotong university can enter into collaboration* Only those Indian institutions which have been given the highest grade by NAAC, NBA can partner a foreign institution* Indian partner has to seek UGC approval or face withdrawal of grant or recognition * Existing institutions have to get UGC approval within six months", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13750684", "title": "Late-night shopping goes well with Ludhia", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sheenu and her family had a fun Saturday evening, when they shopped till late at a night bazaar at a mall on Ferozepur Road.Rajguru Nagar resident Sheenu Chugh said being a working working, she hardly gets time to shop through the week. ''When I heard about the night bazaar, I could not stop myself from exploring the place,'' she smiled, pleased with the experience. Sheenu was accompanied by her sister Nitika Kapoor and nephew.Nitika loved the antiques on display and said the night bazaar seemed like a posh market from the yesteryear, like Chaura Bazaar. ''I also liked the jewellery and food stalls. The best part was shopping peacefully,'' she added. Kanchan, a resident of Barewal Road who was at the exhibition along with her husband Aditya Kalia, said, ''He is seldom free when I go out shopping. So, this was the perfect opportunity to enjoy a hearty share of retail therapy for the entire family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13787734", "title": "Andala Rakshashi is a slice of life romance", "text": "It is raining romantic films in Tollywood. Director Hanu Raghavapudi is coming up with an 'out-and-out-romantic-entertainer' set in 1992. A triangular love story, the movie has new-comers Naveen, Rahul and Lavanya in the lead roles. The actors are all making their debut with this movie. The audio of the film was launched at a grand event on Saturday. Ramanaidu, Rajamouli, MM Keeravani, Burugupalli Shivaramakrishna, Gunnam Gangaraju were the chief guest of the evening. Sai Korrapati is producing the movie. Director Rajamouli showered lavish praise on the producer saying, \"Sai is a passionate producer and believes in the films he does. Unlike most producers who only worry about investment and returns, Sai is driven by passion and I am sure he has done a fabulous job. The trailer looks fresh and I am sure the movie will go down to be a blockbuster.\" Radhan has composed the music for the movie and Murali is the cinematographer. The film will hit the screens later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13758774", "title": "'Gandhi specs theft probe far from over'", "text": "NAGPUR: Senior authorities from Pune-based headquarters of state criminal investigation department outrightly rejected the claim of it's Nagpur unit, probing the theft of Mahatma Gandhi's spectacles from Bapu Kuti at Sewagram in Wardha, that the investigation into the case was over.Earlier, a local state CID source had claimed that their seniors at Pune headquarters did not sanction the proposal of arrests of some of the suspects who have connection with the theft. The state CID officials claimed that no arrests can be made in any case without the approval of the head of the unit, who is an officer of the rank of additional director general of police. This provision is included in the state CID officials, it was learnt through senior officials.Despite possessing substantial evidences against some of them, all of whom were ashram insiders, the Nagpur unit of state CID could not take them into custody as the file having the detailed report of the probe and seeking permission of arrests is gathering dust at the headquarters. A source from state CID, speaking to TOI, had categorically said that the agency had completed the investigation and now waiting for the permission for arrests.State CID was roped in to investigate the case in 2011 after around seven months of the theft that had likely to have taken place in November 2010. Following a detailed investigation, the local state CID sleuths had found out that the man who had the keys to the room is likely to be the culprit. The suspect had befriended a French teacher, who frequented the ashram, who the probing officials of the state CID feel had the key to the detection of the case.Inspector general of police, state CID, D Kanakaratnam had said a day ago that he did not know about any pending sanction about the arrests to be made in the case. Kanakaratnam had claimed that he was unaware of the details since the retired IG Madhav Karve had handled the case. It was not known what Kanakaratnam, who took up the charge from Karve after the latter retired in March, had done with the case in the last two months.After requesting for some time to look into the case, Kanakaratnam's reply after 24 hours was shocking as he denied the fact that the investigation in the case was over. \"Who said the investigation has been over in the case,\" was his reaction. \"It is still under process,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753695", "title": "June begins on a hot, humid note", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state capital experienced its first hottest day of June on Saturday this summer with maximum temperature of 44.3 degrees Celsius and humidity level 69%. Earlier, on May 30, the city had witnessed the hottest day of the summer so far this year with 44.7 degrees Celsius but humidity levels were low. But heat-humidity cocktail on Saturday raised the discomfort level menacingly, forcing people to stay indoors. Relief is unlikely in next 24 hours. The possibilities of thunder/dust storm are low. Allahabad continued to be the hottest in the state with mercury level 47.6 degrees Celsius. However, some parts of east and west UP were lashed by thunder storms.After a pleasant April and first week of May, the city is reeling under intense heat with maximum temperature keeping 2-4 degrees above normal. However, humidity levels were below 20%, hence people had to face dry hot weather. The change in weather conditions in east UP made climate sultry in Lucknow.According to the state Met director JP Gupta a cyclonic circulation over Bihar caused light rains, hail and thunder showers in some areas under Gorakhpur division. Some amount of moisture was diverted towards the city, raising humidity level.The bad news is that monsoon has been delayed as well. The normal date of arrival of monsoon in India is June 1. But this time it has failed to keep its date. The monsoon currents are stuck in India ocean over Colombo since May 26. According to police, the thunder squall and hail killed nine people and left 50 injured in last 24 hours in Deoria district. Two persons died of heatstroke in Muzaffarnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13748906", "title": "500 cases pending in Palamu family court", "text": "DALTONGANJ: More than 500 cases are pending in the family court of Palamu since February 2012. Figures of March and April 2012 are not available. Principal judge of the family court Palamu V K Sahay, who is the principal district and sessions judge, has confirmed the figure saying all efforts were on to dispose of the cases.Sahay said 15 to 20 cases were filed in the family court here every month and the monthly disposal rate was 12 to 15 cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13752906", "title": "13-year-old Mumbai girl loses battle against drug-resistant tuberculosis", "text": "MUMBAI: A 13-year-old girl from Ghatkopar lost her battle against extra-extensively drug resistant tuberculosis (XXDR-TB), at times loosely termed as totally drug-resistant TB (TDR-TB), a couple of weeks ago, said civic officials.The teenager was one of the 12 patients identified with the severe form of TB. They were initially labelled as TDR-TB cases by Hinduja Hospital in Mahim, triggering the biggest public health debate in the country in January this year. A central team had flown down to Mumbai thereafter and ruled that the patients had XXDR-TB and not TDR-TB.Three of the 12 patients died in January. The remaining were put on complete free treatment by the Central Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme. \"We have been in constant touch with these patients,'' said Dr Mini Khetrapal, the city's first TB control officer. At present, the BMC is taking care of six of the XXDR patients who live in Mumbai. Two others live outside the city.The family of the teenager, whose identity has been withheld by civic officials, is now being monitored for TB, said officials. \"She died over three weeks ago and we have found no sign or symptom of the disease in her immediate family members,'' said another high-ranking BMC official.The storm over TDR-TB ended in January-end with the Centre doubling TB funds for Mumbai, often referred to as the country's TB capital.Many public health officials said the TDR-TB debate worked well for Mumbai as patients now have easy access to drugs and treatment. The BMC has got the best diagnostic machines. \"We have 625 patients on multi-drug resistant treatment,'' said Dr Khetrapal.Hinduja Hospital's Dr Zarir Udwadia, whose letter to Clinical Infectious Diseases journal on TDR-TB brought TB back into public health focus, said, \"We have data of 15 patients with this severe form.'' He said one of the patients who met him last week is doing extremely well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13752507", "title": "'Leftover food attracts animals to Film City'", "text": "MUMBAI: This Thursday, a male leopard managed to do what the Bharat bandh could not - halt a shoot at Film City.The leopard's visit to the film set, located very close to the Sanjay Gandhi National Park in the north-western suburbs, caused pandemonium, forcing the forest officials to rush to the spot. However, the big cat had only made a 'guest appearance' and darted into the wilderness.The chief conservator of forests of SGNP, Sunil Limaye, told TOI, \"We have advised the Film City administration earlier as well to be alert to the presence of wild animals. We have asked them to keep the sets neat and tidy so as to not attract leopards, but they do not pay heed.\"Limaye explained that often artists and workers carelessly litter the Film City premises by throwing eatables and other wasted food items. This attracts stray dogs and pigs. Leopards come to hunt for such easy prey. Film associate director Manju Chawda (34), who often works inside Film City for her assignments, agrees.\"There are close to 50 film sets here, some belonging to big production houses. Often, workers discard leftovers, which attract animals,'' she said.Another forest official said that in the last two years, at least eight leopards have been seen in an around Film City and Aarey Colony in Goregaon.Environmentalist Debi Goenka of Conservation Action Trust said, \"Film City, Aarey Colony and even the IIT-Bombay campus have been buffer zones for the main forest. So, wild animals come there. I suggest that the forest department increase its prey base so that leopards stay inside the national park.\"Big cats on the prowlMay 31: Male leopard strays into sets of teleserial, leading to chaos and abrupt pack-up of shootMay 8: Leopard cub dies after being run over by unknown vehicle in Aarey Colony, next to Film CityApril 18: 5-year-old male leopard run over by car inside Film CityForest officials have asked Film City management to avoid littering and ensure speed curbs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13751615", "title": "Accused cook an 'MBA with diploma in human rights'", "text": "GURGAON: The cook, who was arrested by the Gurgaon police on Friday in Sonbhadra (UP) in the \"Suparaana Ka Aangan\" orphanage sexual assault case, has claimed that he had done MBA and a PG course in human rights before taking up the job.According to Santosh Shrivastva, it was due to his financial situation that he had to take up a cook's job with the NGO fro a salary of Rs 3,000 per month. Police will be producing the accused cook in a city court on Sunday.Although he claimed that he was innocent and said that one Shiv Kumar who used to come to the orphanage to study there was the real culprit, a police officer said that the victim had specifically accused the cook of having sexually abused her in her statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752678", "title": "Robbers decamp with Rs 1.5 lakh from factory", "text": "JAIPUR: Four robbers tied up labourers at a factory in Vishvakarma area and decamped with Rs 1.5 lakh after beating them severely on Friday night. Police said that the police have launched an investigation into the matter.According to the police, the incident took place at Govind Industries in Vishwakarma industrial area's road no. 14. \"Some robbers barged into the factory and were trying to steal cash when two of the employees sleeping there woke up and tried to raise an alarm,\" said a police officer.The robbers switched off the lights and tied up the two employees, Bhenru Ram and Sitaram Yadav. \"They started beating up the employees and demanded keys of the safe. There were nearly Rs 1.50 lakh in the safe,\" said the officer.The employees somehow managed to free themselves and informed factory owners following which a police team rushed there. \"We have conducted a forensic examination of the spot,\" said the officer.\"The employees said that they could not see the faces of robbers in the dark. The robbery had taken place, but some insider's involvement can not be ruled out as the robbers were well-acquainted with the factory premises,\" said the officer.The police have yet not been able to identify any of the robbers. \"We are questioning some suspects and hope to crack the case soon,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13750049", "title": "Go green for a soothing summer next year", "text": "The refreshing green cover and sparkling water bodies are being steadily sacrificed at the altar of the burgeoning city. While it is a common trend to look askance at the government and non-government organizations to stem the depletion, TOI feels the individual can do a lot to contribute to the green cause. Experts second our opinion with a number of green tips ahead of World Environment Day on June 5.Don't waste foodEverybody in the city can try to reduce wastage of food. By this we can save lots of energy, which goes into production, water, fertilizer, labourer, electricity for packaging and diesel used to transport the food, said B Ravindran, director, Institute of Life Sciences, a central institute of department of biotechnology. Ravindran said people should choose locally produced food, which will save energy used to transport items from far off places. \"An average Bhubaneswarite uses far less energy compared to say a man in a big metro,\" he added.Invest in green housingHouses can be designed to consume minimum energy by incorporating a lot of natural lighting and ventilation in their orientation. \"One can design one's house in such a manner that most of the time one doesn't need to switch on lights, fan or air-conditioners,\" said S N Patra, a city-based environmentalist. Installing a low-flow shower for bathing is another idea. One should understand that each bucket of water saved saves power consumption at several levels. One should unplug electrical appliances such as TV, mobile charger, DVD player and microwave when not using them, Patra suggested.Walk, ride a bicycle or pool carsBy walking or riding a bicycle for shorter distances, one may save fuel and improve one's health at the same time. \"This would help lower carbon dioxide content in the environment, congestion and pollution in the city,\" said Piyush Rout, founder of Local Governance Network, which works to promote city management. One an easily use the bicycle to travel distances up to 5 km. Walking up to 2 to 5 km is quite feasible too, he said. Besides, to ferry children to and from school, carpooling with their friends is another great green idea, Rout suggested. The concept is already working in certain city schools, he said.Plant a tree or twoIt's no excuse that you don't have a garden space. One can plant trees in pots on the rooftop, which goes a long way in augmenting the green cover of the city, said Gopal Panda, professor of geography at Utkal University. Trees absorb carbon dioxide from the air and use it as their energy source, producing oxygen for men and animals to breathe, he pointed out. \"Ensure that you plant at least one canopy of trees and look after them. Plants help control the temperature during summer,\" Panda stressed.Reduce garbageOne should buy products with less packaging so that it generates minimum garbage , said P K Jena, chairman of Institute of Advance Technology and Environmental Studies (IATES). Besides, domestic waste should be segregated into recyclable waste and organic waste. Organic waste can be naturally composted, while one can be innovative in reusing other waste products, for example making flower pots out of used bottles, he suggested.Products made from recycled paper, glass, metal and plastic reduce carbon emissions because they use less energy to manufacture than products made from completely new material. For instance, one-sided printed paper can be used for draft or rough work before they are tossed in the bin, Jena said.Environmentally unfriendly plastic bags should be avoided at all costs. Even if one has to use poly bags, they should reuse the same bags as many times as possible, Jena said.Purchase greenWhen buying things, one should spare a thought for what is good for the environment and which products consume less energy to be produced. Frequently used light bulbs should be replaced with compact fluorescent or energy efficient bulbs. One can save 80% of energy consumption and reduce energy bills and carbon dioxide emission by doing so, said environmentalist Patra.A lot of energy can also be conserved by turning down the air-conditioner while one is away from one's house or office, he suggested. \"Use energy star air-conditioning device in your building, this will reduce your electricity bill and you'll do your bit to save energy and the environment,\" Patra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13750182", "title": "Curfew at Utkal Alumina plant after labour unrest", "text": "KORAPUT: The Rayagada district administration on Saturday imposed prohibitory orders under section 144 of the CrPc at the Utkal Alumina International Ltd (UAIL) plant site at Doraguda in Kasipur block after irate labourers attacked police and set ablaze a police vehicle. The workers were up in arms against company officials after a labourer died in an accident on the company premises. The deceased was identified as Basist Narayan (42), a resident of Bihar.According to sources, at least four labourers were injured when a huge steel plate fell on them inside the plant on Friday night. While they were admitted to Tikiri hospital for treatment, Narayan was referred to the district headquarters hospital as his condition deteriorated. However, he succumbed to his injuries on his way to Rayagada hospital.\"There is palpable tension in the area and prohibitory orders have been imposed at the plant site to avoid any untoward incident. Though presently, the situation is under control, security personnel have been deployed at the company site to avoid any eventuality,\" said DIG Saumyendra Priyadarsi.On Saturday morning, when company officials, accompanied with a police team, reached the accident spot for inquiry, they had a heated argument with the labourers over safety measures followed in the plant. This led to a tussle between police and the labourers, as the former tried to pacify the irate labourers. At least five police personnel were injured in the scuffle as police resorted to lathicharge to contain the situation. \"The labourers set a police vehicle on fire. The injured cops are out of danger now. We have detained at least 30 labourers and our investigation is on. Presently, the situation is under control,\" the DIG said. However, company officials were unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13775498", "title": "An exhibition of arty heaven", "text": "Spiritual Artist, Tarun Cherian presents 'A Piece of Heaven' an art exhibition, principally of oils on canvas, at Alliance Francaise de Bangalore. From 3rd June evening till 10th June 2012 between 11am - 7pm.'A Piece of Heaven' is Tarun's 6th solo art show. And once again unveils Spiritual Mysteries. This time he focuses on one arcane aspect. The sheer joy of it. In fact, as he was seeking fresh inspiration, Tarun channelled God. \"Paint me. Just Paint me.\", was the penetrating and humorous message received. And so as you stand in the gallery, suns will blaze, cosmic ripples will burst, and joyous colours will shower themselves on you from every wall.To capture the sheer joy of the Creator, Tarun rewrote his palette. 'A Piece of Heaven', uses golden ochres, blazing chrome yellows, rich umbers, deeper mauves. The canvas itself is assaulted, texturalities, scumbling &amp; impressionistic strokes bring alive the feverish force of The Creator. Tarun as always plays with materials. Alternating from canvas to a coffin. Joyous oils to shimmering watercolours.Many subseries within the exhibition subtly nudge the viewer to the next rung of the spiritual spiral. Works like A Chair for God gently pokes fun at, yet embraces our human literalness. Works like The Eye of God then reward us with a magnificent roar of energy. A Piece of Heaven, a work on a circular canvas asks us to reflect on how the same glorious truth is grasped by a multiplicity of hands. Unbury the light, a piece painted on a coffin, asks us to discover how we triumph over death.Tarun Cherian has been exploring the farscapes of the inner universe for 35 years now. He is co-founder of Devadhara Healing, and Soul Jago Spiritual Awakening Pathway. So he is an exponent of one precious material that few modern artists use, a force variously called Prana, Ki, The Holy Spirit, Mantra Shakti. Many of the pieces typify Tarun's 'Shaktipats Disguised as Art' approach. The paintings have been charged with spiritual energy. The same light that laughs in the paintings also fights the incurable through Devadhara Healing, skyrockets spiritual seekers and enlightens the confused through Creator's Child Aura Seeing. So, collectors will be literally carrying home, A Piece of Heaven.The opening itself is a deeply joyous event. Vocalist Anitha Aswath will invoke the ultimate, Fusion Guitarist Arun Shankar will enthral with his aural soundscapes.For details visit Web-Art: www.taruncherian.com Web-Spiritual: www.creatorschild.com Email: creatorschild@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13751347", "title": "Telangana Non-Gazetted Officers demand CBI probe into plot allotments", "text": "HYDERABAD: Members of the Telangana Non-Gazetted Officers Colony Welfare Association demanded CBI inquiry into what they claimed to be a massive scam in the allotment of plots and construction of houses for the government employees in Gachibowli.In a memorandum submitted to the chief secretary and several other senior officials on Saturday, the association alleged that since the Telangana Non-Gazetted Officers Mutually Aided Cooperative Housing Society has cheated the employees, it should be rescinded with immediate effect. Demanding criminal proceedings against the office bearers of the society it said that all documents at its offices should be seized. Meanwhile, in an inexplicable move, the commissioner for Cooperation &amp; Registrar of Cooperative Societies has asked the officer who has unearthed massive irregularities in allotment and construction of residential units by TNGO MACHS to present her inquiry report before the general body of the same society to correct the anomalies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13767615", "title": "No record of CWG-related correspondences in CM's office?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission (CIC) has directed the office of the Delhi Chief Minister to file a sworn affidavit affirming it does not have copies of correspondences related to the Commonwealth Games .The direction to the Public Information Officer came while hearing a complaint made by Delhi-based activist advocate Vivek Garg over denial of information, including copies of letters written by Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit to various Central ministers, in connection with the mega sporting event.Garg sought copies of various correspondences or letters between the Chief Minister and Delhi's Lieutenant Governor and between the Finance Minister and Sports Ministry.Besides, he also requested copies of the minutes of the meetings, internal notes, decision or approval taken during a meet of Committee of Secretaries on May 5, 2006 and in the Core Group of Ministers meet on January 18, 2006 in connection with the mega sporting event.Not satisfied with the reply to his application, Garg approached the transparency watchdog.During the hearing, the respondents stated that they did not have any information corresponding to the present RTI application.\"It is impossible as to how the CM's office would not have copies of letters written by Delhi Chief Minister to central government ministers,\" the Appellant said, countering the contestations made by the respondents.After hearing the arguments from both sides, the CIC held that \"no disclosure obligation\" can be cast on the respondents as they do not hold any information in respect to the present RTI application.\"However, considering the appellant's case here, it is directed that the PIO, office of the Chief Minister, Delhi, should file a sworn affidavit (duly notarised, stamped, witnessed) before the Commission affirming the fact that they do not hold the information corresponding to the RTI application (point-wise),\" Information Commissioner Annapurna Dixit said in the order.The affidavit should be submitted to the Commission and appellant by June 20, it said.The CIC also directed the PIO to examine the RTI query \"in the interest of the appellant\" and then transfer it to the departments concerned to send the desired information within a month's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13759122", "title": "Relief for forest department as pugmarks of tigress, cub spotted", "text": "NAGPUR: The forest department has found strong evidence indicating that the Chorbahuli (Paoni range of Pench Tiger Reserve) tigress and cub might be alive. A female cub from the same family died on Saturday of heat stroke and dehydration after being found in a semi-unconscious state the previous day.\"Anil Dashare has spotted a trail of pugmarks of a tigress and cub in the same area where the two cubs were captured in a camera trap,\" said SWF Naqvi, the state forest chief. Dashare is a research assistant with the Pench Tiger Reserve (PTR).The camera which had captured the cubs is on the left side of NH7 as one travels from Nagpur to Madhya Pradesh. The cub which died was found on the opposite side, about 300 metres from the highway.In a new development, sources told TOI that the Mogra lake, which is another 100 metres away from the spot where the cub was found, could be poisoned. Two monkeys and a few birds were found dead on its boundary. The forest department has posted a couple of guards at the lake.With the pugmarks being spotted, the forest department has heaved a sigh of relief as it has been in a continuous line of fire over recent case of tiger poaching and deaths. \"Plaster casts of the pugmarks have been taken,\" said MS Reddy, the conservator of forests who is holding additional charge of PTR. \"They are clearly of a tigress as they have a rectangular shape and a cub. The pugmarks are not isolated in one spot, they have been formed on soft mud and are visible over a short distance. Analysis shows that the cub was trailing the tigress.\"The forest department is now installing more camera traps in the area. \"If they can be captured on camera, it can be confirmed if all three are from the same family,\" said Reddy. Earlier, two cubs were snapped by a camera trap on April 30 and the foresters believe that one of them could be the dead female.Foresters are also looking into the possibility of all three wild cats having crossed over to the right side of the highway after evading traffic. For some reason, only the tigress and one cub mad it back across NH7. A farmer residing near Mogra lake had heard the roar of a big cat on Thursday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13749630", "title": "Jamshedpur college students top merit list", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: KMPM Inter College has come out with flying colours with two of its students earning the city topper's recognition in the Plus II examination of the Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC), results of hich were announced on Friday.In the science stream, Shubam Dey of KMPM college emerged as the city topper with 391 marks. \"My papers were fine and I was expecting a good result,\" said Shubam, the son of the employee of Adityapur- based Bina Metal Way Pvt Ltd, a small scale industry.Shubam, the resident of Seraikela-Kharswan district, aims to become a mechanical engineering in life.Another talented student of KMPM College is C Puja, who secured the city topper's position with 370 marks in the commerce stream. Puja aims to become a management graduate in life. \"Though my aim is to do business management but my immediate focus is to pursue my graduation with good marks,\" said Puja, a resident of Farm Area in Kadma.KMPM College has expressed delight on the overall performance of the students and praised the two students, in particular for their rewarding performances.\"Its pleasing that two of our students have performed brilliantly in the intermediate examination, but we would urge upon both the bright students to maintain their tempo and pursue their academic career in the same spirit,\" said a senior faculty of KMPM College.In the arts stream, Champa Paul of Jamshedpur Women's College bagged the city toppers recognition with 360 marks. Champa, the daughter of a retired small scale industry employee S Paul, aims to become a lawyer in the life.Resident of Seraikela-Kharswan district, Champa said since her school days the field of legal practice has always attracted her. \"We look forward to her good career in the field of law and wish her all the best,\" said JWC principal Shukla Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13752263", "title": "Courses with verve appeal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a host of add-on courses offered in city colleges including disaster management to radio journalism and video reporting, humanities has become an appealing option for students in city-colleges.For enthusiasts interested in pursuing higher education in languages, economics, psychology or other subjects of arts discipline, a host of city colleges are offering specializations and honours courses with Bachelors of Arts.With most sought after colleges having cut-off for BA ranging between 75% to 60% in Class XII, demand for humanities subjects at graduate level has picked up gradually. This, along with stiff competition in other streams including, commerce and computer applications, students are increasingly looking for interesting options from the humanities discipline.Individual merit lists are put up colleges and in the absence of the joint counselling system, certain colleges have also been considering cases of students with compartment. Coupled with interesting career oriented add-on courses, for which students can attend classes by industry experts, the course becomes wholesome vocational package. Be it beauty care, industrial chemistry, hardware maintenance, designing or a course in career counselling, students can choose from an array of subjects along with the conventional BA degree.A compulsory course of environment education is required to be cleared in three years of the degree in all courses apart from add-on courses. Students can, at a later stage apply for Masters degree courses, with their specializations at a university level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13752664", "title": "Panchkula going for ferocious dogs", "text": "PANCHKULA: It seems Panchkulites trust dogs more than cops. Instead of going for cute dogs, people are purchasing guard dogs because of the deteriorating law and order situation. Around 80% of the 800 dogs purchased by Panchkula residents this month were guard dogs. Earlier, this number ratio was 30%. Some people are even training them for \"attacking\". People argue it's the bone-chilling crimes that are forcing them to go for ferocious dogs, Panchkula DCP feels it is their personal choice.\"These days guard dogs like German shepherd , doberman and even dangerous breed of rottweiler are in demand. Today out of three customers, two from Sector 6, Panchkula purchased German shepherds,\" said Baljinder Singh, owner of a pet shop at Zirakpur. He further added, \"And the strange part is that both those customers already had pugs but wanted to purchase guard dogs.\" Despite rottweiler being banned in many parts of the world people are purchasing it due to security purpose.Raj Kumar , another dealer based in Sector 6 said, \"Pugs, pomeranians and toy poms were in great demand but thanks to the deteriorating law and order situation, 80% people have started purchasing ferocious breeds.\"\"After the recent spate of crime incidents, people have lost faith in police. When police can't solve the cases, we will have to look out for our own safety,\" said Vishal Singhania of Sector 12, who has bought a German shepherd.\"Police is patting its back for nabbing vehicle lifters rather than hard core criminals,\" said Ganga Bishnoi of Sector 4, Panchkula.When DCP Parul Kush was apprised of the new trend, she said, \"It's a matter of personal choice. It can be a coincidence too. Regarding the crime situation in Panchkula, it has improved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "13752695", "title": "Footfalls in Ooty decline this summer, Tirupur crisis blamed", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: There is a decline in the number of tourists who visited the Nilgiris this season compared to the same period in 2011, according to official sources.Only 5, 90,747 tourists visited the Government Botanical Garden (GBG), one of the main attractions in Udhagamandalam, in May this year compared to 6, 49,300 tourists in 2011. Even during the three-day flower show, held from May 18-20, the total number of people visited the show was about 1, 22,073 while it was about 1, 27,398 in 2011.Officials, however, attribute the decline in number of tourists to closure of industrial units in the nearby Tirupur district. \"A number of hosiery and dying units in Tirupur and its surrounding areas have been closed for violating the rule of the Pollution Control Board. The workers of these units have not been given their salary and bonus. So it must have affected their vacation plans,\" said V Ramasundar, assistant director of horticulture. At least 22 lakh tourists visit the holiday destinations in the Nilgiris every year and half of them make their sojourn between March and May. While 9,77,009 tourists visited the botanical garden during the three months between March and May this year, about 10,20,182 visitors had thronged the garden last year during the same period. The garden has registered a decline of about 43,173 visitors compared to previous year.Poor response: Compared to last year, the Ooty Botanical Garden has registered a decline of 43,173 visitors this summer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13755940", "title": "MLA Y Sampangi breaks down at prison gates", "text": "BANGALORE: Legislator Y Sampangi broke down in the court hall on hearing the verdict and was consoled by his mother. He cried again when he got down from the vehicle that took him to the prison's main gate. \"A few family members cried loudly when he stood outside the gate. On hearing them, Sampangi, too, broke down and covered his face,\" sources informed STOI.Convicted on three countsSampangi has been convicted on three counts under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.Section 7: Public servant taking gratification other than legal remuneration in respect of an official act.Sentence: Rigorous imprisonment for one year and a fine of Rs 30,000. In default of payment, six months' rigorous imprisonment.Section 8: Taking illegal gratification by corrupt or illegal means to influence a public servant.Sentence: Rigorous imprisonment for one year and a fine Rs 30,000. In default of payment, six months' rigorous imprisonment.Section 13(1)(d): Criminal misconduct by a public servant, if he, if he, by corrupt or illegal means, obtains for himself or for any other person any valuable thing or pecuniary advantage, by corrupt or illegal means, obtains for himself or for any other person any valuable thing or pecuniary advantage; or by abusing his position as a public servant, obtains for himself or for any other person any valuable thing or pecuniary advantage; or while holding office as a public servant, obtains for any person any valuable thing or pecuniary advantage without any public interest.Sentence: Rigorous imprisonment for three-and-a-half years and a fine of Rs 40,000. In default, rigorous imprisonment for six months. All sentences will run concurrently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13752501", "title": "All India PMT/PDT result: Rajpura boy bags third rank", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The much-awaited All India PMT/PDT result was declared on Saturday at 10.15pm.Shitij Chaudhary from Rajpura, who stayed in Sector 31 while getting coaching for the exam, scored the third all-India rank and most likely the first position in Tricity. He wants to join AIIMS. If this doesn't work out, his second choice is Maulana Azad Medical College. His grandfather is the force behind his feat. \" I am on top of the world. I can now fulfill my grandfather's dream and become a cardiologist,\" said an elated Shitij, who doesn't believe in wasting time.In the SC category, Tarvinder Singh from Chandigarh bagged the second rank at all-India level. Tarvinder can only see from one eye, but it is his hard work and determination that brought him this achievement. However, he wasn't very happy with the result.Ira Aggarwal from Sector 15 scored all-India rank 62, Haroon from Chandigarh got the 90the rank.Lovekirat Singh Dhaliwal from Sector 16, who stood 94th, said, \"I was expecting a better result.\" His father is a farmer and mother is a homemaker. He used to study for 6 to 8 hours every day.Lovekirat and Ira also scored eighth and ninth ranks in Punjab PMT. Till the time of filling of the report it was not clear who all bagged the top three positions in the Tricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13759237", "title": "Love calls clog blood bank's phone line", "text": "KOCHI: This is not one of those jokes poking fun at the innovative Malayali. But about the real damage such an \"innovative brain\" has caused forcing the indianbloodbank.com to terminate a free telephone facility on it.The site has temporarily shut down this service meant for reaching out to the prospective donors following its widespread misuse. It was found that more than one third of calls transacted through the site were made by stingy lovers to connect with their partners for free.Though the bill amount resulting from such calls was only Rs 6,000, the cheapness of those behind the trick has shocked the blood bank officials. \"So far we've identified around 30 such calls. One of the partners is made to register as a donor so that the other can call him/her using the free facility,\" said Esahaque Easwaramangalam, chairman, Indian Blood Bank Society.The society first took note of this misuse after the telephone line was constantly busy. Call duration was unusually long. \"We traced one of such numbers and confirmed that our doubts were not fully wrong. The facility was being misused for romancing and chit-chat,\" he said. \"It was shocking,\" said actor Mohanlal, patron of the society. \"Those who misuse this facility, installed for a noble cause, must realise that they are denying kin of patients fighting death a genuine chance to contact the donor,\" he said.\"We've blacklisted six people for misuse. They won't be able to contact anyone through our facility using their existing numbers. The facility will be open for public soon after we install necessary firewalls,\" said Jabir, CEO, Web Castle Media, the society's technology partner.The site is also preparing to weed out fake donors from its list after many complained about the menace. Society will install a new system that would text a secret code to the prospective donor's hand phone to ensure his bona fides. The donor's registration will be accepted only after he/she enters this code on the site and confirms his identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13753828", "title": "Chennai doctors help Iraqi woman regain vision after 18 years", "text": "CHENNAI: In 1994, pieces of shrapnel flying from a bomb blast pierced her eyes while baking bread in a small town 400km from Bagdad. Since then Gula Namiq Hassan has been blind.In 2012, eighteen years after the blast, when Hassan came to Agarwal Hopsital in the city, her right eye had already been removed. Her left eye was damaged from cornea to retina, but doctors told her that they would be able to do something to help her regain vision.On May 28, a team of doctors at the hospital removed the thick membrane in the pupil and fixed an intraocular lens using special glue. A day later when Dr Amar Agarwal, the surgeon, removed the dressing on the eye, Hassan said she was able to see. She is eager to go back home to see her children - four-year-old daughter Ryan and seven-year-old son Mohammed - for the first time.On Saturday, Hassan told reporters that she could see people around her, read newspapers, pick up her own medicines and enjoy colours.\"It makes a lot of difference to be able to see again. I can't wait to see my children,\" she said, putting on her sunglasses before leaving the hospital.Dr Agarwal first tried the glued intraocular lens procedure five years ago on a four-year-old girl whose eyes were damaged in a firecracker burst. \"If this patient had come to me 18 years ago, I may have had nothing to offer. With this glue procedure, now we can treat patients whose intra-ocular lens capsule is missing,\" Dr Agarwal said.Fibrin glue is used in heart surgeries and eye transplants, but in the last four years, Dr Agarwal's team has been using them to hold an intra-ocular lens in place.\"Sutures let the lens shake when the person jumps or moves abruptly. But the glue keeps the lens firmly in place. It eliminates the risk of developing problems with the permanent sutures several decades later,\" Dr Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13757467", "title": "Growth pangs", "text": "A recent UN report on human rights has slammed India for its poor record. Why is an emerging economy doing so badly on human development index?Even at 6.3%, India's growth rate could be a matter of envy for many countries . Still, the second-fastest growing economy in the world, India is worried about how to boost growth. But it's time the government began worrying about India's invisible underbelly, which is doing a lot of damage to the country's image.In a damning report on the country's human rights record, released ahead of the UN review of India's human rights record two weeks ago, the Working Group on Human Rights in India and the UN has exposed our pathetic record.The report blasts the government's economic policies for ignoring the poor. \"The country's economic policies, driven by the neo-liberal economic paradigm, continue to perpetuate 'exclusion' and violate Fundamental Rights and Directive Principles of the Constitution,\" says the report, which is a scathing attack on India's performance on the human development index.India ranks 134 out of 187 countries on UNDP's Human Development Index and 129 out of 147 countries on the Gender Inequality Index, behind Pakistan, Bangladesh and Rwanda . India has the worst child mortality sex ratio in the world. At the heart of India's skewered development story lies the paradox between India's phenomenal GDP growth and its abysmal score on human development. \"India is simultaneously the richest and the poorest of countries. While the country's wealth may have increased, there is no willingness to invest a part of it for a better life for the poor,\" says Harsh Mander, member of the National Advisory Council.But poverty is not the only issue raised by the report. In addition to detailing custodial torture, the Armed Forces Special Powers Act and statesponsored militia such as the Salwa Judum, the report also looks at the violation of the right to food and housing. \"By mid-2011 , India's urban slum population was estimated at 158.42 million,\" says the report, which also points to a survey which says around 42% of children under five are underweight and more than 59% are stunted.India has for long, been unwilling to spend on education. The Right to Education Bill was in danger of being shelved on grounds that it was too expensive for the government. India's low scores on human development have much to do with the absence of safety nets for the urban poor. \"There are no entitlements for the urban poor; no urban equivalent of the National Rural Health Mission or the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme,\" says urban studies expert Gautam Bhan.While successive governments have tried to sell the 'India Shining' story to the people, Madhu Kishwar of the Centre For The Study of Developing Societies believes that India is shining only for a few. \"A mild, half-hearted attempt at economic reforms enabled the corporate sector to turn world-class in less than two decades. And yet the government refuses to extend the new economic reforms and liberalization to the farm sector, which has been crippled by the bureaucratic controls that the corporate sector was earlier subjected to during the License Raj,\" she says.But it's not just people who have been ignored by the government. India treats its environment poorly too. The country ranks 125 out of 132 countries in Yale University's Environmental Performance Index, behind the likes of Pakistan, Maldova and Kyrgyzstan . \"I fear that India is moving backwards rather than forward in conserving its incredible environment and natural resources. The loss and degradation of native forests continue apace in many parts of the country, while hunting threatens scores of wildlife species,\" says William Laurance, an environmental scientist at James Cook University, Australia, amongst those who had disputed India's claims of increasing forest cover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750219", "title": "Delhi MLA shot at inside office", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Delhi legislators expressed concern over their security, Indian National Lok Dal MLA from Najafgarh Bharat Singh - brother of one-time strongman Kishen Pehelwan, who is a councillor from the area - was shot at three times by unidentified assailants inside his office.His uncle, Dharampal Singh, too received two bullet injuries when at least five assailants stormed Bharat Singh's Dichau Kalan office in southwest Delhi on Saturday morning and fired at least 12 rounds from revolvers and a pistol. Police sources said the most likely cause for the attack was long-standing enmity over a property.The incident took place between 8.25am and 8.32 am. The MLA was taken to Mata Chanan Devi Hospital while Dharampal was shifted to AIIMS Trauma Centre. Both underwent major surgeries and are said to be stable.According to the police and eyewitnesses, Singh had come to his office near the Najafgarh-Nangloi Road crossing around 8.25am, along with Dharampal and assistant Dinesh Dagar. \"It was his routine to meet people of his constituency for four hours till 12 noon. He got off his SUV and was greeting some people when a youth in a grey shirt and jeans said 'Bhaiyaji Pranam'. As Singh acknowledged his greeting, the man whipped out a revolver and shot at the MLA,\" said Dagar.Goons shot MLA three timesIndian National Lok Dal MLA from Najafgarh Bharat Singh was shot at thrice by unidentified assailants inside his office on Saturday. \"He was hit in his right thigh. Singh rushed towards the main door, eight metres away, and tried to shut it behind him,'' said Dinesh Dagar, a witness. Three of the assailants, however, managed to barge into the office building that's used by Pehelwan's wife, Neelam, too as a councillor's office. She was luckily not present. The assailants kicked the door open and took another shot at him. This time, the bullets missed their mark. Singh rushed inside a bathroom and tried to shut the door. The assailants followed him. They kicked the door open and aimed at him. This time, he was shot near his right kidney. Even as the injured Singh tried to rush towards the terrace, his relative, Dharampal, intervened. \"He was immediately shot at twice - in his jaws and stomach. Chasing Singh towards the terrace, they this time hit him near his shoulders. As Singh slumped to the floor, the accused fled in different directions. The attack lasted for seven minutes,'' claimed Vishal, an INLD worker who had reached the office hearing the shots. Delhi Police sources said at least two bikes and a car - eyewitnesses claim it was a Swift - were used by the assailants to flee. While the bikers fled towards Nangloi, the others went towards the Najafgarh main road. Cops said they had found one of the escape vehicles, a Red Pulsar with the numberplate 1877, abandoned in Dwarka. \"We have been told the firing took place after the assailants spoke to the MLA. We have certain leads and we are working on them,'' said Vivek Gogia, joint CP (southwest). Ashok Chand, additional CP (crime), said at least three types of arms - a.38, .32 and 9mm - were used by the attackers. The incident has shaken up political parties. After a meeting with police commissioner B K Gupta, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said the murder attempt was a \"matter of great concern\" and asked the police chief to step up security of legislators. Five teams from southwest district police are probing the case and special cell and crime branch too have been roped in. Till late evening, at least two people belonging to rival gangs had been detained. Denying any role of the now-defunct Anoop-Balraj gang, with whom Singh's family has had a long history of rivalry, they said the needle of suspicion was pointing to three gangsters - Vikas Langpuria from the nearby Langpur village, Vicky from Jharoda village and Sandeep Mental, who is considered to be the Delhi head of Manoj Bakkarwala's gang. Immediately after the shootout, a huge contingent of cops cordoned off the area even as cable transmission in the area was disconnected. All shops and markets near Dichau Chowk were shut down and over policemen were posted at Mata Channan Devi Hospital in Janakpuri to control Singh's supporters. It was only after Krishen Pehalwan stepped out and told the supporters that Singh was doing fine that the crowd calmed down. (With inputs from Somreet Bhattacharya &amp; Arjun Bibhas)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13756443", "title": "Pernem fire station needs help, say firemen", "text": "MAPUSA: The Pernem fire station located in the government office complex is facing various difficulties. Catering to the entire taluka, the Pernem fire station has only two vehicles - one of which is a small fire tender and it is a difficult task for the fire station to attend to fire calls. This fire station has one fire tender of 4,500 litre water capacity and another of 2,000 litre capacity and has no crane service. The vehicles are old and they break down too often which increases the response time. This fire station, many a times, has to depend on other stations for help.Sources from the department told STOI that the water leaks from the fire tenders and many a times, the fire personnel have to face the brunt of the public for arriving late or turning up with less water.The Pernem fire service station has no independent building and the problem is on Thursdays when the weekly Pernem market is set on the roads in front of the fire station. Every Thursday, moving the vehicles from the station becomes a big challenge as the road is occupied with vendors who spread their wares on the road. Fire department officials have been facing difficulty while navigating in the densely congested market area and are forced to keep the fire tenders in the outskirts of the town every Thursday.Legislative assembly speaker Rajendra Arlekar, who is also the Pernem MLA, recently visited the fire station. \"The vehicles are quite old and the station is functioning under severe constraints. I will be pursuing with the government the need for modernization of the fire station,\" Arlekar said. The government has recently approved a modern fire station for Pernem. Arlekar said that he was also in the process of acquiring land for setting up a new and an independent fire station for Pernem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13756015", "title": "2 absconders nabbed in Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board scam", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police on Saturday arrested two more accused in the Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board (KIADB) scam involving former minister Katta Subramanya Naidu and others.Jaggaiah and BL Venkaiah, were arrested in Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh , by a team led by Lokayukta DySP HS Manjunath. They've been in hiding ever since the KIADB scam broke out on December 1, 2010. The Lokayukta special court had issued non-bailable warrants against them on several occasions.The scam came to light when Lokayukta sleuths conducted raids at the KIADB office at Gandhinagar after they found that large tracts of lands were acquired without proper acquisition procedures.Jaggaiah and Venkaiah were arraigned as Accused No 4 and Accused No 5, along with the prime accused Katta Subramanya Naidu and his corporator son Katta Jagadish. Both have been arrested and jailed earlier.Lokayukta police have already filed a chargehseeet last year relating to the scam before the Lokayukta court against 10 individuals including Katta Subramanya Naidu, his son Jagadish and another councillor, M Gopi, in connection with the scam.It was alleged that large tracts of land were allotted to Itaska Software company floated by Katta and his son. Lokayukta police also filed chargesheet last year against Itaska's managing director SV Srinivas. Only Venkaiah and Jaggaiah, partners of Indu Builders and Developers, had been absconding.Others in the chargesheet include United Telecom Company's managing director C Basava Poornaiah, retired KAS officer and KIADB's special land acquisition officer TP Muninarayanappa, and gram panchayat member BK Manju.All the accused in the scam were charged under sections 419,420,465, 468, 471 of IPC read with 120-B (criminal conspiracy) besides sections 7,8,12,13 (1)(d) of Prevention of Corruption Act 1988.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13752387", "title": "16-year-old rescued from flesh trade", "text": "THANE: Crime branch officials rescued a 16-year-old school girl from Airoli who had been kidnapped from West Bengal and was being forced into flesh trade by a man who promised to marry her and a pimp from Kausa.The minor was lured to Mumbai by one Avijit Malli (23). The two eloped on May 21 and came to the residence of an alleged pimp, Sanatan Mujumdar alias Dharmendra, on May 25.\"When she was alone with another girl, she got an opportunity to call up and inform her relatives,\" said police inspector Madan Ballal. Activists of Childline India Foundation also helped in the rescue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752550", "title": "Double-decker train to Delhi yet to get green signal", "text": "JAIPUR: The much awaited double-decker train scheduled to run between Jaipur and Delhi is yet to receive the safety clearance from the Commissioner Railway Safety (CRS) despite conducting two trial runs.The double-decker train reached Jaipur on April 11 this year and was handed over to the North Western Railways (NWR) yet the train is awaiting its maiden run as the safety clearance is not given by the chief commissioner, CRS, and the railway board.With the extension of Jaipur-Delhi going on till June 5, it is clear that the double decker will not be able to come on the tracks before this date.After the train arrived on April 11, NWR authorities is expected to get clearances, including the safety clearance, and permission for its maiden run from the railway board within a month. However, in the past two months, the train has been undergoing trail runs only under the NWR and Western Railways (WR).Majority of the officials of NWR from engineering and other technical staff said they are waiting for a final outcome.The safety clearance is pending with the CRS who gives the clearance for the newly introduced trains and later the report to recommend the running of the train to the railway board.When contacted, R S Baghel, CRS, Western circle, who looks after the safety clearance both for NWR and WR, said, \"The trail run for the train has been successful between Jaipur and Delhi. We have sent our report to the railway board. They (railway board) had sought some information and we have provided them. Running the train between Jaipur and Delhi is just a matter of some time.\"Asked if the train has some safety issues before running, Baghel, said, \"No, the train is perfect to have its journey between the two stations. The railway board is to decide on its date to run it between Jaipur and Delhi.\"The train already had its trial run between Jaipur and Delhi. It was also sent to Ahmadabad for another trial run between Ahmadabad and Mumbai as a similar train between these two destinations was also announced in the railway budget.The service was announced by former rail minister Mamata Banerjee in her budget for 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13767540", "title": "China warns US against 'muddying waters' in South China Sea", "text": "BEIJING: It was no time to \"make waves\" in the disputed South China Sea and dance behind a \"Pied Piper\", China's official news agency warned today, after US said it would shift the bulk of its naval fleet to the Pacific Ocean by 2020.\"It is advisable for some to refrain from muddying the waters and fishing therein and for some others to desist from dancing behind a Pied Piper whose magic tone, as tempting as it is, might lead its followers astray,\" said Xinhua in a commentary, referring to the sea, which is part of the Pacific and the subject of overlapping territorial claims.China claims the South China Sea in full, and it is also claimed in whole or part by Taiwan, Brunei , Vietnam, Malaysia and the Philippines.The much-hyped China threat to the freedom of navigation in South China Sea is a pure invention, Xinhua said.\"China has seen its political, economic and military strengths growing markedly,fabricating new claims is not in its blood,\" said the agency.It was Beijing's \"genuine wish\" to turn the South China Sea \"into a sea of peace, friendship and cooperation,\" added Xinhua, in the commentary titled 'Not to make waves in South China Sea'.In a major re-posturing, US today announced it will shift the bulk of its naval fleet including as many as six aircraft carriers to the Pacific by 2020 as part of new strategic focus on Asia.The decision to deploy more warships to the Pacific Ocean, defence secretary Leon Panetta said, was part of a \"steady, deliberate\" effort to bolster the US role in the area, deemed vital to American interest recently by President Barack Obama .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13754929", "title": "More sanitary workers to clean Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: A decision by the Trichy corporation to depute as many as 320 sanitary workers to strengthen the cleaning process in all 65 wards of the corporation has sowed the seeds of hope that Trichy will henceforth be garbage-free.The announcement came from newly appointed corporation commissioner V K Thandapani at the end of the councillors' meeting held in the presence of mayor A Jaya here on Thursday.He said 80 sanitary workers would be deployed in the four zones of Srirangam, Ariyamangalam, Ponmalai and K Abishekapuram of Trichy corporation, in addition to the existing 1,655. All of them would come under the men self-help group and the workers would be recruited from the families of corporation sanitary workers. The system would come into effect within 20 days. Besides their regular duties, they will be collectively involved in mass awareness campaigns across wards every Tuesday and Thursday.An exclusive helpline will be operational from 6 am to 10 am and from 2 pm to 10 pm to register grievances relating to sanitation. Action on complaints will be taken immediately. The corporation will recruit drivers through the Tamil Nadu Ex-servicemen's Corporation Limited (TEXCO) to fill vacancies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13751838", "title": "70-year-old robbed at her Sec 19 house", "text": "NOIDA: A 70-year-old woman was gagged, assaulted and robbed of gold jewellery worth several lakhs by three unidentified men early on Saturday morning. The victim, Shail Kumari, a resident of Sector 19, lives with her daughter Anjali Sharma (50) on the third floor of her house, while the remaining two floors have been given on rent. Around 5am on Saturday, three men entered the third floor through the terrace of the adjacent building. The building, which used to house a bank, has been lying vacant. The thieves used a ladder to climb the terrace.The men tied Kumari's hands and feet with tape and gagged her. They then ransacked the cupboards and fled with gold jewellery worth Rs 3 lakh, said cops. Anjali Sharma was sleeping in another room. After the thieves left, Kumari managed to free her mouth and shouted for help. Her daughter informed the tenants and police were called. Kumari's son, Vivek Sharma, a Delhi-based businessman, rushed to the house. Kumari was admitted to a hospital but was discharged in the evening.\"I was sleeping in the living room and since there was no power, the doors were open. Suddenly, I woke up to find that the lights were on and there were three men in my room. They told me to keep quiet and while one person kept guard at the door, the other two tied up my hands and feet and gagged me,\" Kumari said. The probe is on, but no arrests have been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13754970", "title": "Green groundscraper", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a rapidly expanding city, insensitive glass facades spring up at every corner and neighbourhood, competing with each other to capture the skyline. However, two newly completed homes - meant for developer duo Amogh Joshi and Bhargav Kansara - turn away from this concrete madness, finding respite in a green design.The 1,200 square yard space on which the two adjacent structures are built is a part of one of the many high-end, low-rise residential plotted developments that dot the area. It is situated on the suburban fringe surrounded by \"huge volumes of builds and small patches of green\".The houses responded to the skyscraping conventionality by sinking into the ground, with their introverted design opening up a common green courtyard. The living and dining spaces of both the homes are on the ground level, and the more private spaces of bedrooms go below the ground but around the court. Like conjoined twins, the houses are connected on the ground level by a verandah, built like a wooden deck over the green court.All masonry construction of the houses uses lime mortar, lime plaster and lime fly ash bricks. \"The revival of lime as a viable material in masonry work for buildings is essential,\" say architect Uday Andhare, who along with Mausami, runs Indigo Architects.\"Most of the vernacular construction in this part of the country used lime. Concrete's life deteriorates after, say, 50 years but lime begins to live after 50,\" says Uday. \"On reacting with atmosphere, it has the quality to turn into limestone. Thermal comfort and durability of lime-plastered walls is far superior to that provided by regular cement construction.\" And of course we realize this, as within the lime walls of the house the temperature is well below what the sweltering heat records outside.The lime plaster also preserves the quality of \"75,000 litres of rain water\" which is stored by water harvesting methods. The water can be used around the year for drinking and cooking.\"The beauty in the simple hand-wrought textures of lime is a soothing antidote to all the ultra-fine, machine-finished synthetic surfaces that surround us,\" says Mausami. \"Also, it is important that we cause the least harm to the ecosystem.\"Thus many local varieties of plants like kadam, peepal, gulmohar, and figs dot the compound. It is not too difficult to imagine this abode submerged within the canopy of green in a few years. Most of the fig varieties are inviting for the birds. \"A home grows with time and its inhabitants. As architects, what we create is a framework for it to grow,\" adds Mausami.Aha MomentIn the long shadows of evening or in the morning, as the family retires in the scooped-out 'sunken' court for conversations and coffee, the only view on offer is the green that surrounds the house. The sunken court is the family's way of creating privacy over new concepts of building 'green walls'. When they look out from their concrete balconies, neighbours too can enjoy the dazzle of this green abode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13749099", "title": "Bokaro water treatment plant delay upsets DC", "text": "BOKARO: Deputy commissioner of Bokaro Sunil Kumar on Saturday made a surprise visit to an under-construction water treatment plant site coming up on the banks of the Damodar at Telmochu in Chas area. About one lakh residents of Chas township are suffering from water crisis owing to delay in the project.The surprise visit has brought many lapses to Kumar's notice. After assessing the work, he expressed his dissatisfaction towards Vishwa Infrastructure Private Service Limited, the Hyderabad-based agency that has taken up the work and PHED officials.In the past three years, half of the work has been completed. Kumar has called a meeting of Chas SDO Sanjay Singh, PHED and Chas Municipal Corporation officials with other administrative officers on Saturday to review the project. However, during the meeting Kumar suddenly asked everyone to accompany him to the spot as he wished to assess the progress.The water treatment plant will have a capacity of 2.40 crore litres water per day. Situated on 10 acres of land on the banks of the Damodar, this is one of the six water projects by the PHED in the district. The Rs 50-crore project comprises a water treatment plant, tanks and 92-km long pipe that are yet to be installed in the area. The project was launched in December 2008 and its deadline has expired on June 2010. PHED faced a tough time sanctioning the escalated cost for the project from state urban development department.Shivnath Ram, executive engineer of PHED said, the agency has assured to complete the project by March, 2013. Till date, they have installed 50 km pipeline in the area. Kumar said that he has asked officials and agency to speed up construction work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "baramulla (kashmir)", "code": "13782222", "title": "My choice of captain would be me, says MS Dhoni", "text": "BARAMULLA (KASHMIR): India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni refuses to speculate on who can be his successor as it's not in his hands but given a choice he would choose himself for the top job.Responding to a question on his successor, Dhoni said he would not like to name anyone in particular as it was not for him to decide.\"It is not my choice ... my choice would be me.,\" Dhoni, who is here as part of his visit to the forward area of the Line of Control (LoC), told reporters at Baramulla, 55 kms from Srinagar.\"As far as the contenders as concerned there are many... we have Virender Sehwag , Gautam Gambhir and Virat Kohli ,\" he added.Sehwag was deputy to Dhoni for a long time before his opening partner and Delhi teammate Gambhir was appointed as the vice-captain of the team. But Sehwag was made stop gap captain when Dhoni was rested from ODI series against West Indies.However, following series of good performances Down Under, Kohli was named as the vice-captain of the team for Asia Cup played in Bangladesh earlier this year.India cricket captain and honorary Lt Col MS Dhoni is on a visit to the forward area of the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu region including a trip to the base camp of Siachen, the world's highest battlefield.Dhoni, who is enjoying a rare month-and-a-half break from cricket, was conferred with the honorary rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the elite Parachute Regiment last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13757549", "title": "Madan Mitra rules out layoff risk", "text": "KOLKATA: Just a day ago, transport minister Madan Mitra had hinted at holding out early retirement scheme (ERS) to around 1,500 'unfit' employees and bring about the much-needed 'reform' at the state transport corporations. But the minister backtracked from his stance within 24 hours, saying he was \"misinterpreted\" on Friday and that he had never suggested job-cuts as the way-out for the sick PSUs.Mitra on Saturday softened his stand after chief minister Mamata Banerjee reportedly chided him for making such a \"politically incorrect\" statement. The minister was called into the CM's chambers on Saturday, but he shrugged off suggestions of being reprimanded by Mamata for making such a statement without consulting the latter. On the contrary, Mitra retorted, \"The chief minister is my boss, she can always call me for discussions. But she hasn't asked me to share those close-door discussions with anybody. I have no idea how people have got to know what transpired between the two of us.\"After a meeting with the transport corporations, Mitra on Friday held a press conference at Writers' and said Rs 200 crore will be needed for the ERS project and that 50 % of the transport staff ought to be brought under the scheme to save the ailing Calcutta Tram Company, Calcutta State Transport Corporation, North Bengal State Transport Corporation and South Bengal State Transport Corporation. However, the minister had evaded questions on where the money would come from.But Mitra clarified on Saturday, \"I have been misunderstood by some newspapers. Not a single employee would lose his job in the Mamata Banerjee government. In any case, where is the money to implement the ERS?\"We shall continue to have to pay subsidies (Rs 600 crore a year) to the ailing transport corporations. There is no way out,\" he capitulated. His tone on Saturday was much subdued than the previous day, when he had said that ERS of at least 50% of the transport employees was the need of the hour and the government wouldn't be able to work on any magic formula. There are about 20,000 employees in the four corporations.In a bid to clear confusion, the minister on Saturday simplified, \"Those who want to apply for ERS can do so and we shall consider their plea.\" He then reassured \"all those employed in the state transport sector\" that there should be no apprehension of job-cuts. \"I am asking them not to go by newspaper reports,\" said the minister.On the medical board, which he had touched upon during Friday's press conference, Mitra iterated that it would be set up in a week's time to separate the performers from the non-performers. \"We shall go by the recommendations of the medical board when it comes to allocating work to employees, according to their state of health,\" he explained.Mitra almost echoed his party supremo who had conducted a meeting on January 26 with the transport unions soon after an employee had committed suicide for non-payment of salary. Despite the CM's promise, the medical board hasn't been formed so far. The CM had then called for PPP in the transport sector as a way of saving jobs of the employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13751386", "title": "Chandigarh may get automatic parking like Delhi airport", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In order to turn all the manual parking lots of the city to automatic ones, Chandigarh municipal corporation is mulling over to follow the modern automatic parking system of Indira Gandhi International Airport (IGIA) of New Delhi.The civic body has asked the company concerned to show a detailed presentation in this regard to asses the existing system at IGIA.The key feature of IGIA parking lot is that the commuter does not need to stop at the entry point, as an automatic machine generates the slip for his vehicle.An electronic display then guides the commuter to a vacant space in the parking.There are designated counters inside the parking where commuters pay the parking fee on hourly basis.Parking in-charge of MC Avtar Singh said, \"We have approached the company that installed the automatic parking system at IGIA. The system seems to be quite efficient as per our initial communication.\"The MC has taken the initiative following a recently held meeting under the chairmanship of additional commissioner Sunil Bhatia.It was decided in the meeting to look for latest and modern techniques which can provide best facilities to public in parking lots, including safety to vehicle, identification of parking area and crowd less entry and exit points.As per the initial plan, the automatic parking system will come up first at the commercial hub- Sector 17 and will gradually be incorporated throughout the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13771871", "title": "Robot man is coming to India", "text": "Half-man-half-machine Neil Harbisson - one of the world's few cyborgs - chats with Yolande D'Mello about why it's easier to get into the shower than into church, and his upcoming India visit.When Neil Harbisson was a little boy growing up in Mataro, Spain, all the clothes stacked in his cupboard were either black or white. Born with achromatopsia , a condition that allowed him to see no colour, he grew up tackling what he calls a \"social\" problem. \"I don't have a personal problem looking at life in black and white; I like it that way. But around me, people would keep talking in colours. I would feel socially excluded,\" says the 29-year-old artist-musician in a telephonic interview from Barcelona . That changed in 2004, when Harbisson began using an eyeborg, a head-mounted camera fitted with a chip and processor that he helped create with a Plymouth University student. The eyeborg helps him 'see' colours. In what may seem as though it is straight out of a science fiction novel, the camera picks up information about a colour (using light), and the chip transforms that into sound. A trained pianist, Harbisson memorised the frequency coinciding with each colour - high frequency sounded high-pitched; low frequency sounded low-pitched. \"Human skins are different shades of orange,\" says Harbisson, who has only ever experienced colour through sound. \"There is no black skin and white skin.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13748891", "title": "CBI court frames charges against former minister", "text": "RANCHI: A special CBI court framed charges against former road construction minister Ilyas Hussain and 13 others in a case related to fraud in purchase of bitumen during undivided Bihar.Special CBI judge N N Singh framed charges against the former minister in the case (RC 11/97) on Saturday in which Hussain was accused of misappropriating around Rs 26 lakh. The minister was also charged with protecting a Kolkata-based transport company Pawan Carrier under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act.CBI advocate Kapil Munda said, \"The case was related to fraud during 1994-96 and involved around Rs 26 lakh. The transport company Pawan Carrier lifted around 510.53 tonnes of bitumen from Haldia Refinery but never delivered the consignment to the Hazaribagh division of road construction department.\"\"The transporter was close to the then minister who accepted gratification from the transport company to ensure that it gets the work of transportation. To keep the transport company in the list of companies empanelled for transportation, the minister took favour from the owners and this came in the statement of Ramawtar Khetan,\" said the advocate. Khetan was an accused but later turned approver.The court also cancelled the bail of Sitarelal Agarwal, who did not turn up for hearing on Saturday. \"The court issued a non-bailable warrant of arrest against Sitarelal, one of the partners of the transport company,\" the advocate added.The other prominent people against whom the charges were framed in the court include Mujtaba Ahmad, Kedar Paswan, Sobha Sinha, Sahabudin Beg, Pawan Agarwal and Ashok Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13754347", "title": "Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd to launch Tablet in Indore on 15 June", "text": "INDORE: Three months after its nationwide launch, BSNL gears up to launch the much awaited Tablet by June 15 in Indore, said G C Pandey, senior general manager, BSNL-Indore. He was addressing the first telecom consultative committee meeting of the year held here on Saturday.BSNL also plans to launch other services like WiMax and ATTH shortly, he said.Talking to TOI, Pandey said that due to insufficient stock, there was a delay in the launch of Tablet. \"However, we would have sufficient stock now,\" he said.While the launch of WiMax may take some time, ATTH has already been launched in some parts of the city, said Pandey.The tablet will be available in three models carrying price tags of Rs 3,700, Rs 7,500 and Rs 13,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13751049", "title": "Ghulam Nabi Azad rushes to rescue beleaguered Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: The volatile political situation in the state following the arrest of Jaganmohan Reddy and the worrisome prospect of more elected Congress leaders crossing over to YSR Congress have set alarm bells ringing in the ruling party and, so, Ghulam Nabi Azad , the AICC general secretary in-charge of AP affairs, is set to land in the city on Sunday afternoon to provide a thrust to its bypoll campaign.The Congress, which is visibly enthused by the arrest and CBI custody of Jagan, is facing an internal crisis generated by the decision of four MLAs to leave the party and the arrest of cabinet minister Mopidevi Venkataramana.Even though Azad is ostensibly coming to participate in the byelection campaign, Congress sources said that the purpose of the visit is to assess the possible post-bypoll scenario.After touring the districts on Sunday and Monday, Azad will be in Hyderabad on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "montmelo ( barcelona )", "code": "13782950", "title": "Mahindra take positives from Catalunya GP", "text": "MONTMELO ( Barcelona ): Two non-finishes may not seem like a good result, but the Indian Mahindra team have many positives to take from the Catalan Grand Prix.Despite both the all-independent white-and-red machines were robbed of good finishes by small mishaps, progress with the developing machine left riders and the team confident that the fifth race of the year marked a clear step forward.Danny Webb (21, from England) was running strongly in a group including full factory machines when he was pushed off the track on the 17th of 22 laps of the 4.727-km Montmelo circuit, and was unable to restart.German teammate Marcel Schrotter (19) was close behind and catching the group when clutch trouble forced him to pull off on the same lap.The Mahindra MGP-30 is one of a small handful of independent bikes in the field of over-the-counter production machines from established racing factories.Still in the early stages of its development, the Mahindra has shown it is already able to make its mark in the new class for 250cc single-cylinder four-strokes.Mahindra Racing's CEO Mufaddal Choonia explained how the disappointment at not adding to the points gained at the last round was tempered by encouraging aspects.\"All the hard work and effort from the factory in the last two weeks to improve reliability seems to have paid off. We had no engine issues all weekend. Danny rode a very good race fighting with other factory bikes...but as happens sometimes in racing a small mishap stopped him.\"But we definitely have some positives to take to the next race at Silverstone,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753287", "title": "CII to be a part of Uttar Pradesh growth story: Adi Godrej", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a move that will give a fillip to industry in Uttar Pradesh, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has in principle agreed to address a delegation of India's top 100 industrialists in New Delhi on August 17.The invitation to participate in the convention organised Confederation of Indian Industry was extended to Akhilesh on Saturday, in a meeting between the CM and CII president Adi Godrej . Confirming the development, Chandrajit Banerjee, director general of CII, who accompanied Godrej said, \"The chief minister said he needs some time to prepare for the conference. He has said that mid-August would give him plenty of time to prepare for the meet.\"Apart from talking about CII's theme for 2012-13 - the state of the economy - Godrej also raised eight major issues with the chief minister during Saturday's meeting in Lucknow.CII also pledged support to promote Brand UP and partnering with the government to invite more investments from the domestic and international markets.Offering to engage with the state government, both to formulate and implement the agriculture, tourism and industry policies of the state, CII also pledged support to promote Brand UP and partnering with the government to invite more investments from the domestic and international markets.Recommending a series of suggestions to create an enabling environment for inclusive and sustainable growth of UP, CII has also proposed to further its initiatives in skill development and training, cluster development for small and medium enterprises and setting up a food and agriculture committee of excellence (CII's tenth committee of excellence in the country) to boost the agriculture and food processing potential of the state. Godrej said, \"We also solicited government support in implementing the Goods and Services Tax in the country. Emphasis was also laid on ensuring double digit growth figures for the UP.\"In his meeting with the government, Godrej also impressed upon the need to strengthen the single window system of Udyog Bandhu. Expressing his buoyancy about UP's immense potential, Godrej also said the state's growth would contribute significantly in boosting the country's growth rate.Addressing the media after his interaction with the CM, Godrej, while talking about the state of the economy, said, \"Currently it is in the midst of a slowdown. Key economic indicators including high fiscal deficit at 5.9% of GDP, high inflation and de-acceleration in investment activity had further exacerbated the situation.\" The CII president also said that weakening industrial growth, which had fallen to 4.5%, is also a cause of concern.Stating that CII is engaging with the government and political parties to promote reforms in critical areas such as taxation, financial services, land acquisition, manufacturing, energy and mining, he laid emphasis on the need to implement GST. By introducing GST, there can be a straight 1.5% to 2% growth in GDP. As a result, CII is working to build consensus on implementing GST and deepening its engagement with states. Godrej said that he recommended raising of FDI limits in aviation, insurance, defence, along with opening up multi-brand retail. Advocating rationalisation of interest rates by 100 basis points in cash reserve ratio, repo and reverse repo rates by December 2012 to stimulate investments, CII has also proposed that subsidies be reduced to 2% of the GDP for sustainable growth, Godrej said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "dholka", "code": "13754744", "title": "Fear no one, Patel leaders tell community at Dholka", "text": "DHOLKA: This was an apolitical event with strong political undercurrents. A large number of people from the Patel community converged on Dholka for a cultural programme organized on Saturday evening.Apart from Kesbhubhai Patel who is chief minister Narendra Modi's bete noire, among those present at the meet was Gordhan Zadaphia who quit BJP to float Mahagujarat Janata Party. Senior Congress leaders like Union minister Dinsha Patel and former Gujarat Congress chief Siddharth Patel were also seen at the event. However, no senior Patel leader from the BJP was invited. Industrialist Karsanbhai Patel's name figured prominently among the list of invitees but he did not turn up. VHP leader Jaideep Patel too remained absent.The event acquires significance in the wake of Kesbhubhai's regular attacks on Modi for ignoring the Patel community. The former chief minister has expressed his anger against Modi during a number of community gatherings. However, this time around, Keshubhai refrained from making any political statements and asked the community to unite. He also told the youth to march ahead for the cause of the community without fear.Dinsha Patel too reiterated the need for unity. \"We have talent, money power, and yet we suffer because we are not united,\" he said.\"If Sardar Patel was alive today, he would have felt sorry to see such a weak society. There is no need for anyone to be afraid of anybody,\" he said.Addressing the gathering, Zadaphia said, \"Patels are selling land in the name development. We should stop this. We are going to face more hurdles in the future but we need to fight against such forces.\"Leaders also said the there are forces who are misguiding the community by organizing melas, referring to the state government's 'Krishi Melas'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13750353", "title": "Gujarat gave Bollywood first woman composer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: You may not have heard of Khorshed Minocher-Homji better known as Saraswati Devi. But this Parsi woman, originally from south Gujarat, was the first woman music composer in Indian cinema. She was also among the first music directors to introduce playback singing and the first one to use title music. Very few women composers made a mark in Bollywood after her.Trained in classical music, she was first spotted by Himanshu Roy, founder of Bombay Talkies. Khorshed started composing for Roy's banner while her sister Manek took to acting. But, the film company being a public venture, had four board members from the Parsi community who had reservations about Khorshed's choice of profession.Roy backed the sisters, and the Parsi community relented on one condition - the sisters adopt screen names. So, Khorshed became Saraswati Devi and Manek was named Chandraprabha.Khorshed composed for Bombay Talkies between 1934 and 1941, including the classic 'Achhut Kanya'. In 1935, history was created, thanks to Chandraprabha developing a sore throat. \"Roy suggested Saraswati Devi sing from behind a curtain with Chandraprabha moving her lips. The first playback was thus recorded successfully at Bombay,\" notes film historian Kamalkar Pasupuleti.Saraswati Devi, who kept composing till 1950, was known for her simple. Among her famous scores, besides 'Main Ban ki Chidiya' of Achhut Kanya, was a song she composed for Ashok Kumar in 'Jeevan Naiya' (1936). 'Koi hamdam na raha, koi sahara na raha...' was later sung by Kishore Kumar in Jhumroo (1961) and went on to become an huge hit.But she completely dropped off the radar after retiring and died in anonymity in 1980 in an accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13758065", "title": "China arrests suspected CIA agent, US says no comments", "text": "WASHINGTON: Chinese authorities have arrested a suspected CIA agent in China who apparently worked in the ministry of state security, the country's main intelligence agency, a media report on Saturday said.However the US has refused to comment. \"If the case were to be brought into the open, it could become another point of friction in a year of sharp diplomatic tensions between Washington and Beijing ,\" The New York Times said in a report.According to the daily, it is unclear what kind of information the Chinese official is suspected of having given to the US and whether that information has compromised any operations by the Chinese government.The Chinese-language World Journal reported on May 27 that the suspect was the secretary of a vice minister in the ministry of state security . The news of the spying suspect's detention had been circulating quietly in some foreign intelligence circles , the daily reported.\"I'm not going to comment on the report that you just cited,\" the US secretary of state, Hillary Clinton , said in Norway . \"We don't have any comment... I don't know that we've had any contact with the government on it,\" the state department spokesman Mark Toner said.According to NYT, the detention came during the same period as a series of investigations begun after the revelations in the Bo Xilai affair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750475", "title": "Snag hits Sarojini Nagar multilevel parking lot", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shoppers at the Sarojini Nagar market had a hard time on Saturday evening after the automated multilevel parking - maintained by DLF - developed a fault. Sources said close to 100 vehicles were stuck inside the lot. \"There was chaos outside the parking lot. Some 30-40 vehicles waiting to go inside while an equal number of people were waiting to retrieve their cars. The operators told us that the lifts had got stuck due to a technical problem,'' said Pramod Sharma, president of Sarojini Nagar Market Traders Association.The problem occurred around 8pm when there was a long line of people waiting to retrieve the vehicles. As the road outside the parking was jammed, people called up Delhi Police at 8.35pm. \"The situation had gone out of control. People were fighting with the operators as they were unable to retrieve their vehicles,'' said Ashok Randhawa, a trader.Motorists faced difficulty as the surface level parking too was not available. NDMC had handed over the parking to DLF last month. The concessionaire is yet to deploy attendants to ensure hassle-free parking. \"Vehicles are parked haphazardly on the main road as well as at the surface level car parks. NDMC should take over the parking until DLF streamlines the functioning of the multilevel parking,'' said Sharma.Sources said the problem was fixed in an hour. DLF was unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13779095", "title": "Maybe Kasparov regrets his decision to retire: Viswanathan Anand", "text": "CHENNAI: The Viswanathan Anand-Garry Kasparov love-hate relationship took an interesting turn on Sunday when the Indian World champion chose a public forum to counter-attack the former World champion for his unkind remarks on him recently.When Anand was busy playing his World chess championship match against Boris Gelfand of Israel in Moscow last month, Russian chess great Kasparov visited the venue, the Tretyakov Gallery and made some uncharitable remarks, finding fault with the Indian and almost suggesting that it was time for him to retire.Though Anand has high respect for Kasparov as a chess player and had sought the former World champion's help in preparing against Veselin Topalov of Bulgaria in the last match in 2010, the Russian Grandmaster's comments have not gone down well with the World champion. And not the bullying type, Anand for a change unleashed a counter-attack, like he did on the chessboard against Gelfand after losing the seventh game, against Kasparov.\"I think, Kasparov regrets his decision to retire,\" said Anand at a press conference organized by his sponsors NIIT on Sunday when asked about what he thought of the former World champion's remark that the Indian's game had gone down in quality and he should retire. \"Kasparov lost his match in 2000 (to Kramnik) and retired in 2005. Then since 2011, he has been trying to make me retire too. He is perhaps missing the attention he used to get as the World champion,\" the current World champion retorted, still keeping his poise and almost to the point of laughter.The Garry Kasparov albatross has been hanging around his neck ever since he lost to the Russian in 1995 and it revisited him last month in Moscow when the first few games were drawn. Kasparov had adopted intimidatory tactics of banging the clock and trooping out of the playing hall while beating Anand in the 10th game of their World Championship match in New York in 1995. This was after he lost the ninth game to Anand. And when he became World champion in 2000, a section of chess fraternity felt Anand's title got not because he did not beat Kasparov to win it.The Indian was chased to respond to Kasparov's comments on the same day the Russian visited the venue. Kasparov had earlier made a comment when he retired in 2005 that World champions would not be able to play top-level chess after 40 and should ideally retire around that time. Perhaps, Anand was tired of reacting to the Kasparov comments from Moscow that he had his repartee ready on Sunday.Anand also used the forum to make it clear that he won't be retiring from chess in the near future.\"I am enjoying the game and I have just defended the title, so why should I retire,\" quipped the 42-year-old who added that perhaps Kasparov could not digest that both the World championship contestants were over 40 years in age.Anand thanked chief minister Jayalalithaa for her decision to include chess in schools and also her role in promoting the game. The TN CM has awarded Anand Rs two crore on Friday for winning the World title. Anand gave a demonstration of the game he won on the display board.The NIIT mind champion said his loss and the comeback in the next game from the match formed the first turning point in Moscow. The second turning point was the tiebreakers where he said either player could have won but \"I held my nerves.\"The World champion complimented Boris Gelfand for keeping the match \"entirely to the chessboard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13753782", "title": "Get smart, applications give new meaning to pet care", "text": "BHOPAL: Conscientious caregivers have found a way to take better care of their pets. Smart phones are the answer. Applications or apps on these devices are giving a new meaning to pet care and management, much to the relief of many pet owners, who are apprehensive of their vets.\"It gives me answers which I never found out from my vet. It's precise and performs many other dog-related tasks,\" said Sudhir Kumar, an architect. \"Even during the current hot weather conditions, which may spell trouble for the pets, my app alerts me about the temperature and recommends the care I need to take,\" he added.Simplistic and real, some in the city even found these apps handy during emergency care. Navigating the world of veterinary apps, Siddarth Singhal said, \"I had to treat a wound my cat suffered in the middle of the night. It tuned into the app and there was a first-aid section.\" Hundreds of apps on Android and iOS (apple devices) cover a variety of situations, including bleeding, drowning, choking, poisoning and heatstroke. Many of these apps are fortunately, either free or on payment of some money.The apps range from dog and cat emergencies to navigating through symptoms which your cat or dog might have, to specialized apps for veterinarians too. \"It's a big relief. I never had an option to cross-check what the vet had recommended,\" said Singhal.For some, it just simplifies life, when it comes to caring their pets - as many personalize the information alerting on vaccination to haircuts and baths. \"Having an up-to-date pet record is a valuable part of keeping a pet healthy,\" said Nisha Singh, a housewife.\"Comprehensive veterinary apps even include information about drugs, a dosage calculator, a manual treatment of basic conditions for dogs and cats,\" explained Singh.However, all these apps still carry a disclaimer - a vet is still your pet's best friend.Apps for:Pet First AidPet Health (Medical Diary and Log)Check Pet AcousticsPets Guide ReferencePet health reminderPet NotebookPet food", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13748691", "title": "35-year-old contractor shot at by unidentified miscreants", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A 35-year-old contractor identified as Sunil Kumar Sahoo was shot at by two unidentified armed miscreants near Teliyarganj, Old Cantonment area under Shivkuti police station, here on Saturday.The injured contractor was admitted to SRN hospital where his condition was stated to be stable.Police said that the incident took place when the contractor, a resident of Lal Bihara (Dhoomanganj) had come to meet one of his acquaintance at Teliyarganj for some personal work. As he started his journey way back to home, two unidentified persons sitting on bike intercepted him and shot at him on the lower body portion.Hearing bullet sounds, the onlookers rushed the spot and informed the police.The police have brought the injured contractor at the hospital where he was undergoing treatment.Police further added that the injured contractor was named in connection with a murder case that occurred about two years back. While investigating the case, police have been verifying all the facts before reaching any conclusion. Police have started through investigations after registering a case. No arrest has been made so far in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13754958", "title": "In Bangalore, petrol now costs Rs 79.26, dip of Rs 2.49", "text": "NEW DELHI: State-run fuel retailers on Saturday lowered petrol price by Rs 1.68 per litre, excluding state taxes. Consumers in Bangalore will now pay Rs 79.26 a litre - a dip of Rs 2.49. In other states, the extent of decline will vary by a few paise due to different tax rates.Compared to May 23, when the price of petrol rose by Rs 8.24 a litre in Bangalore, Saturday's partial rollback will see the hike coming down to Rs 5.75.The announcement of the cut comes two days after the May 31 nationwide strike observed by the opposition to protest against the steepest-ever increase in petrol price. The price of the fuel was jacked up by state fuel retailers citing the rupee's fall and the rise in international oil prices in the first fortnight of May. The move sparked howls of protest from political parties, including the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13751274", "title": "53 get scholarship award at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Completing its 40 years of existence, the Panjab University alumni association (PUAA) awarded 53 meritorious students from colleges and university departments with scholarships and merit certificates at the annual general body meet of Panjab University.The meet along with the scholarship award function of the PU Alumni Association (PUAA) was held at the ICSSR complex on Saturday. B S Bhoop, professor and former dean alumni relations, presided over the function.Neelam Grover, current dean alumni relations and secretary, PU alumni associations presented the annual report. In her report, Grover highlighted addition of 367 life members including four overseas and 18 patron members taking the total membership of the association beyond 5,000 members.She also informed the House that the next phase of the alumni guest house construction will start shortly. 28 students each from the affiliated colleges and 25 from university departments, who had topped the respective courses of the Panjab University during the academic session 2010-11, were awarded during the event. All the graduate and post-graduate toppers have also been conferred with honorary life membership of PUAA. Stipends to 10 deserving pupils were also awarded on need-cum-merit in academics or sports according to the directions of the sponsors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13757425", "title": "Trams go classless as government allows quiet fare hike", "text": "KOLKATA: On trams, at least, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has realized the communist's dream of a classless society. For the first time in 112 years, there will be only one tram class in Kolkata and one fare - Rs 4.The government has done away with the Rs 3.50 base slab. And for good measure it has hiked the minimum fare of Rs 4.50 in CSTC buses to Rs 4. The justification in both cases is the same - a shortage of small change. The tram 'second class' will now be on a par with what was the 50-paise-costlier first-class. Passengers in the rear coach will now have the same comfort - the fans and cushioned seats - as those in the front one. And the fare will be Rs 4 irrespective of distance travelled.The class-distinction in tram coaches started during the British era and continued after Independence. Initially, trams had one coach and the spilt took place in 1900. A tram ride was a true lesson in class difference in Kolkata during the 1950s and '60s and the distinction continued even after Calcutta Tramways Company was nationalised in 1978. The Left Front government tried, but failed to abolish the class system during its 34-year-rule.According to transport minister Madan Mitra, the change finally came out not because of political ideology but for the sake of simple, everyday convenience. CTC was facing a lot of trouble returning change to passengers as there are very few 50 paise coins in circulation, he said. The minister has been harping on this problem for the last two months, and even asked the chief minister to write to RBI about the lack of small change. He reiterated the issue during a press conference on Friday, soon after his meeting with the chief minister, and suddenly announced a fare revision for trams and CSTC buses.The fare is going to be Rs 4 flat, irrespective of distance,\" Madan Mitra said, officially abolishing the second class. \"It's not the commuters' fault. They would naturally expect 50 paise to be returned if they pay Rs 4. So we have done away with the Rs 3.50 slab in trams and the Rs 4.50 fare in state buses,\" Mitra said. But what of the Rs 5.50 slab on state buses? The minister said this will remain unchanged since very few people travelled \"that far\".Mamata, who has been in constant denial of market pressure and cost escalations ever since taking charge, has said no to any price revision, be it for power, milk or transport fares. But she has had to come to terms with the ground reality and give her nod to a power tariff hike and a rise in milk prices by introduction of better products.This is the first time the government has hiked fares unilaterally. Private bus operators have been crying themselves hoarse for a fare hike for many months now, but the populist chief minister has turned them down. \"I have asked private operators to meet me on Monday to hear them out. Let them talk about their problems and we will see what we can do,\" said the transport minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13757248", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation collects Rs 3.43 cr plantation deposit in 2 years", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) collected Rs 3.43 crore as plantation deposit from developers in two years while passing around 900 construction plans worth Rs 1,000 crore in the city. The amount is refundable, but till now only one developer has claimed refund for Rs 24,000 from the civic body.When a construction plan is submitted by a developer, he is required to plant and raise three trees on each single plot measuring 200 square metres. Besides, the developer also needs to pay a deposit of Rs 500 per tree. Once the project is completed and trees fully grown, the developer can seek refund of the deposit.In 2010-11, 370 plans were passed and developers paid deposit of Rs 1,14,14,229. In 2011-12, 534 projects were passed and Rs 2.28,83,549 was collected as deposit by the civic body.An official of town planning department of SMC Vijay Desai said, \"Rarely anyone comes for refund. The amount is small hence developers don't bother.\"A SMC officer said, \"Physical verification of the trees that have been claimed to have been planted is not possible. Some developers plant trees, other simply ignore the diktat as they had deposited the amount,\" a SMC officer said.President, Surat Builders Association (SBA), Velji Shota said, \"It is not that people don't plant trees, but they are casual towards this. Firstly because they had paid the deposit as per the norm and secondly they know they would not be penalized for not planting the trees. SMC should stop taking deposit and physically verify whether trees have been planted or not before issuing building use certificate (BUC).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752849", "title": "Riding Facebook crest to resolve issues", "text": "JAIPUR: At a time when cartoons, 'libelous' items are flooding Facebook and other social networking sites, all's not lost for these platforms as they do create a public forum for discussion and can also be utilised to resolve issues.For many IAS and IPS officers, it has not only proved handy in solving the cases but also in some districts these officers are openly asking public to register their complaints with these sites.Superintendent of police, Jaisalmer, Mamta Bishnoi, had set an example when some people had posted on FB the plight of a minor rape victim. The victim, a domestic help, was reportedly thrashed and allegedly raped by her employer.Soon after noticing the post, the SP got the accused arrested and also made arrangements for the victim to go back home.\"I think platforms like FB and Twitter could be made more constructive, rather than pouring venom and wrath against the darker side of the society. These sites should be utilised in the right perspective,\" Bishnoi said. In Jaisalmer, Mamta's FB friend list comprises not only policemen but some locals who keep her updated with the latest happenings.District collector, Alwar, Ashutosh AT, said he uses social networking sites to get feedback on schemes implemented in his district.\"We had started the Alwar Vahini project in which poor women were given autorickshaws to earn their livelihood. Now, on FB we created a page on the scheme to get the masses' feedback. People may react in both positive and negative ways, but it always adds value to improve on the project. Morevoer, the reaction is lightning fast and hence the admin has to take note of this speedy reaction,\" said Ashutosh.He added that the district administration has also created an Alwar Page where people upload their comments and views.Former DCP south, Jaipur, Jose Mohan, who is with CBI and is posted in Chennai, told TOI during his stint in the Pink City, many times schoolkids on his friend list updated him on several issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750916", "title": "Dairy business in Andhra Pradesh hits jackpot", "text": "HYDERABAD: The dairy industry in Andhra Pradesh has grown by leaps and bounds over the past few years to be currently worth Rs 5,000 crore. With around 200 small and large dairy farms coming up in the city in the past four years, the agro-based dairy business seems more lucrative than ever.The rise in the demand for milk and milk products has catapulted the state to the third position in the country in terms of milk production with 1.12 crore tonnes produced in 2010-11. With dairy farms and processing plants of different sizes scattered across city suburbs such as Shadnagar, Patencheru, Madhapur and along the Nagarjuna Sagar and Siddipet Roads, industry experts peg the mushrooming of these farms and of those across the state to the burgeoning population and the retail revolution in the city.Significantly, in a bid to protect their lands, many farm owners set up dairy farms on the city outskirts. Dairy farming consultant Dr Padmakar Rao says, \"The availability of good quality fodder and access to water helped these farmers on the outskirts of the city to get a foothold in the business.\"Experts pointed out that though the government had liberalised its policies on private entities making a foray into the dairy business in late 1991, it is only now that the private players have made substantial progress.K Durga Prasad, chief operating officer, Heritage Foods India Ltd, says, \"Earlier the market was monopolized by APDDCF and Visakha Dairy. Now, there are many private players such as Heritage, Tirumala and Creamline apart from others such as Masqati and Bilal.Waking up to the big money in milk, Andhra Pradesh Dairy Development Cooperative Federation ( APDDFC) will start mapping every drop of milk procured and sold. The cooperative had a turnover of Rs 450 crore in the last fiscal and milk sales have registered a growth of 9.82% with 1,395 lakh litres sold in 2011-12, according to vice-chairman and managing director, Mohd Ali Rafath.Experts estimate that the consumption of milk will increase manifold over the next decade. Bhaskar Reddy, managing director, Creamline Dairy Corporation says, \"According to national statistics, milk consumption will increase from 112 million tonnes this year to a staggering 200 million tonnes by 2020.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13755041", "title": "33 Indians forced to stay put in Kuwait by recruiter", "text": "MADURAI: Thirty-three Indians, 16 of them from Tamil Nadu and 17 of them from Kerala are apparently stranded in Kuwait without proper shelter and food as the company, which recruited them refused to send them back, thus forcing them to extend their contract.According to a petition submitted by their relatives in Madurai, the workers were recruited by KCC Engineering and Constructions, a Kuwait-based company for a period of five years. They were directly recruited by the company and were taken to Kuwait in 2006 and three months before their contract ended, the company promised them relieving benefits, as well as the return flight tickets.However, after the contract was over, the company has allegedly forced the workers to extend their contract for another five years against their wishes who were desperate to return home. The petition stated that when they refused, the company withheld their passports and stopped the salary and other benefits like shelter and food. The workers had also approached the Indian embassy and the labour court in that country but to no avail. The workers claimed that the Indian embassy officials were not forthcoming in helping them. They were forced to live without food and shelter and the verge of committing suicide, the petition observed.M Sakkarai Mohammed from Keelavalau in Madurai, whose brother M Sarpudeen is one among the workers held in the country said that the families here are scared as the workers expressed their helplessness over the phone.\"They told us that they are treated like slaves and are threatened to sign the contract for five more years against their will. We have given a petition to the collector and faxed the same to minister of external affairs and Indian embassy but they didn't help us yet. Our family is scared because of their attitude to commit suicide,\" Mohammed said.Sarpudeen's cousin, Saddam Hussain said that he had called Sarpudeen two days back over phone who told him that the company asked them to wait for one more month. \"Without salary, they are borrowing money from other workers they befriended during their stay and surviving with whatever they have at present. After media attention, the company appears to be coming down from their earlier stand of extending the contract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750614", "title": "27 vie for international quiz title", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a chance city's know-it-alls didn't want to miss. After all, it could win them the coveted title of World Quizzing Champion and enduring fame. So on Saturday, 27 of the city's best brains turned up at IIT Delhi to participate in the World Quizzing Championship (WQC) 2012. Joining them were 2,000 others in 88 cities in 35 countries.For three long hours they furrowed their brows as 240 questions from world history, culture, entertainment, lifestyle, media, sciences, and sports and games were thrown at them. This was the ninth time Delhi hosted this prestigious international event; the first was in 2004.This year, Calicut (Kozhikode) had the maximum number of contestants with 170 people cutting across backgrounds vying for the crown. Other Indian cities where the contest was held were Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Guwahati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13748175", "title": "Facebook face-offs pepper divorce cases across India", "text": "MUMBAI: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has not marked his relationship status as \"married\". His wife Priscilla Chan has. He has no picture of them as newly-weds on his page, she does. It's fine for the couple after the billionaire-founder of the world's most popular social networking site tied the knot about a couple of weeks ago, but in a small town in Tamil Nadu , a similar \"failure\" by a man to update his \"basic info\" on Facebook is being cited by his wife as grounds for cruelty.In Mumbai, a young couple stood in front of a family court judge last week. Their complaint against each other was that the other was always glued to Facebook. The judge reprimanded them, then counselled them. They finally admitted that they still did like each other, resolved to not \"unfriend\" and to give their marriage another shot.Some marriages may get saved, but Facebook, which a recent survey in UK blamed for nearly a third of all divorces, is leading to a rise in face-offs in family courts across India too. \"Facebook is fast becoming a reason why many marriages are faltering,\" said celebrity divorce lawyer Mrinalini Deshmukh.As divorce petitions get peppered with the mention of Facebook and printouts of web pages, the reason is not merely because couples spend more hours individually on the site, Deshmukh said. \"Spending more time, especially at night before bedtime, with friends on Facebook or merely playing games on the site is no doubt eating into couples' together-time or intimacy. More pertinently, if someone wants to have an affair or flirt, then FB is an easy place to do it. People also use the 'friend finder' to re-unite with school or college friends and some really unite. One couple opted for mutual consent divorce when her husband found his former love on FB,\" the lawyer explained.Facebook posts, photos now court evidence\"There are now FB widows and 'spending time on Facebook' is replacing 'spending time online watching porn' as grounds for cruelty,'' said Deshmukh.Neela Gokhale, a divorce advocate, recounts that in Pune, a woman found her husband \"obsessed with FB and 'adding' women friends. She has filed for divorce\". Facebook posts and pictures are being used as evidence in courts.Facebook actually throws up proof of infidelity through pictures posted on friends' pages, said Arthi P S, a Chennai-based divorce lawyer, who believes that distraction in a marriage is endemic, it is just that the mode has changed for most with Facebook.In Chennai, a woman dragged her husband to court after she found a picture of him in a \"compromising\" position with another girl on the page of a friend of her friend. \"It was a recent picture,\" she claimed, citing it as evidence. He is denying the charges in court.Senior lawyer Sunil Mittal from Delhi said: \"Photographs posted by friends or even husbands and wives are finding their way into divorce battles in a big way.\"Families frown at \"inappropriate status updates, comments and photographs\", said veteran family court lawyer Tara Hegde. In an ongoing case, a man moved court after he found out what his wife was really up to from her FB status updates. \"People tell the court one thing, but post the truth online. Facebook exposes a person for what he or she really is,\" Hegde said.A lawyer said Facebook has opened avenues to help reinforce suspicions. In Mumbai, a woman, newly married, refused to consummate her marriage. Her husband was patient, said advocate Hegde, till he stumbled on to her FB profile page - it had pictures of her with many male friends. Now, he has filed for annulment with FB pictures as evidence.The Bandra family court right now is struggling to figure out where to even send summons to a \"wife\" who a man says he married after meeting on Facebook.\"I am trying to make the world a more open place,\" says FB founder Zuckerberg. Millions like him for it, but some are now clicking \"unlike.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "thiuruvanathapuram", "code": "13754212", "title": "Keltron to make a big entry into solar power", "text": "THIURUVANATHAPURAM: When the state is reeling under acute power crisis with a peak demand of 3,528 MW as against an installed capacity of 2,229 MW, Kerala State Electronics Development Corporation (KELTRON) is set to make a big entry into the manufacture of solar inverters and power controllers catering to off-grid and on-grid electricity requirements.\"Currently, we have obtained orders from the state prison department for the manufacture of solar inverters and power conditioners. We expect orders from other departments as well as many are keen to go for solar powered systems eventually considering the power shortage,\" Keltron chief general manager A Michael Suresh Raj told TOI on Saturday.\"Bulk requirement of solar inverters and power conditioners is expected in the coming years and taking note of that, we plan to invest Rs 25 crore per year in augmenting the solar power plant unit at Karakulam,\" said Beena K S, general manager, planning, at Keltron.Two months back, power minister Aryadan Mohammed had announced a plan to manufacture and distribute 10,000 solar powered roof top units of 1 KW each in the state. However, the project is yet to commence, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13748829", "title": "Corporators face problems while filing nomination", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The present corporators of Allahabad Municipal Corporation have alleged mismanagement at the Collectorate during the nomination process. The candidates filing the nomination have to undergo numerous problems.Some candidates who have turned up at the Collectorate to file nomination papers complained that some clerks are charging money for giving copy of the voter's list. Further, they are also not willing to give the requisite information. The candidates alleged that the copy of the voter list is available on payment of Rs 20 but some clerks are charging heavy sum of Rs 500.Meanwhile, several candidates filed nomination papers for the election for Allahabad Municipal Corporation. Babita Ghildiyal filed her nomination for the ward number 38 from Colonelganj/ Darbangha Castle.Senior corporator Shiv Sewak Singh complained that there is mismanagement at the Collectorate where arrangements of water is also not made. As a result, candidates desirous of filing nomination papers are encountering several problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752589", "title": "Woman attacked by 'lover' in court premises in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A married woman who had separated from her husband a few years ago was attacked by her alleged beau in the premises of district and sessions court. The incident took place on Saturday noon when the woman identified as Rekha (30) came along with her brother to deposit a penalty for Motor Vehicle Act. When she was coming out of the court a man attacked her with an iron rod, police said.Hundreds of onlookers were shocked as the woman fell down after the attack. She was bleeding from the head. Some people tied a cloth around her head while others informed the local Sadar police station. The assailant was caught and handed over to the police.Manoj Gupta, circle inspector, Sadar, told TOI that the woman has sustained grave head injuries and has got five stitches. The accused identified as Dharam Chand (20) who was once a tenant at the woman's house was arrested.Asked about the claims made by the accused that he attacked Rekha because he disliked her acquaintance with other men, Gupta said, \"He claimed that he was annoyed with the woman since she was friends with other men.\"The accused also claimed that after the woman's separation he fell in love with her and was planning to marry her. But the woman had been ignoring him for quite some time, Gupta added.However, the victim said that the man attacked her on the directions of her brother-in-law. \"We are investigating the matter. A case of attempt to murder was lodged against the accused,\" Gupta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13752005", "title": "Water crisis raises tempers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents are upset over the fact that even after paying tariff for water supply to the municipal corporation, they are not getting sufficient water.Archana Malhotra, a resident of Sector 40D said, \"The temperature is increasing with each passing day. Water consumption goes up during summers but it is supplied for just four hours a day which is making life difficult.\"The unavailability of water is fuelling the anger. \"Water is supplied for just five hours a day and that too at a very low pressure,\" said Mamta Malik of Sector 44B. Erratic supply of water has been causing problems, especially for the working couples. Rupinder Kaur resident of Sector 40D said, \"I need to reach office on time, but the long line for taking bath in my paying guest troubles me a lot. We are six girls who have to share a washroom and hardly two-three girls get to take bath due to water shortage.\"Jyoti of Sector 37C said, \"These days, I have to get up very early to store water. I have a joint family and low water availability, is creating a lot of problems.\"\"My mother gets up very early and keeps the bucket under the tap so that I can bathe before going to school. Many a times my mother had to borrow water from neighbours as there is not sufficient water,\" said Roopinder, a resident of Sector 41 C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13755828", "title": "Sanquelim locals warn of bandh", "text": "BICHOLIM: Sanquelim citizens have threatened to stage a bandh if the various projects now underway are not completed before the onset of the monsoon.Addressing a press conference at Sanquelim, Naresh Datye stated that the internal roads in Sanquelim are being dug up during last four years to lay pipelines for sewage treatment plant, cables, etc, creating severe handships for the locals. Businessman Niyam Pangam, who was also among those present, said that \"there was a possibility of Sanquelim town getting submerged under the Valwanti river\" water during this monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13752933", "title": "Bihar needs to boost manufacturing for high growth", "text": "PATNA: Basking in the glory of Bihar being the fastest growing state in the country in 2011-12, state officials, economists and entrepreneurs feel that to sustain this growth, focus should now be on making huge private investment in primary and secondary sectors, particularly the manufacturing sector.Bihar with 13.1% growth rate leads in the country, followed by Delhi with 11.3%, as per the data submitted to the Planning Commission on Friday. State's growth was a towering 14.8% in the previous fiscal year. \"This is one of the highest growth rates recorded in the world,\" commented principal secretary, finance, Rameshwar Singh, adding that some provinces in China might have recorded higher growth rate than this.Singh, however, had a word of caution. \"The government investment alone cannot sustain this rate. So far, we have had only small private investment, which will not sustain high growth in the long run, unless there is growth in manufacturing sector,\" he told TOI on Saturday.\"This growth rate reflects the investment in small scale industries. It has created a positive atmosphere,\" said principal secretary, planning and development, Vijoy Prakash. He said in certain areas there has been large-scale investment, like construction and road connectivity. \"Agriculture growth is playing a major role in enhancing the growth rate,\" he said and added that paddy production has increased from 58 million tonnes to 110 million tonnes.Prakash said the state planning department would release its data next week to reveal the extent of growth in certain sectors. Encouraging growth has been witnessed during the last financial year in some areas, he added.Noted economist Shaibal Gupta said, \"This growth rate is mainly due to massive public investment and 'unannounced' small scale private sector investment. This growth now has certain level of maturity and continuity.\" Gupta, member-secretary of the Asian Development Research Institute, pointed out that the economic profile of Bihar started changing since 2005 as plan outlay leapfrogged from Rs 4,000 crore in 2004-05 to Rs 24,000 crore in 2011-12. However, the actual plan expenditure in 2011-12 was Rs 21,000 crore.Interestingly, the annual growth rate was 3.2% between 1985-95 and 4.42% between 1999-2005, which increased to 11.36% between 2004-05 and 2010-11.Satyajit Kumar Singh, national council member (MSME) of the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) and entrepreneur, also stressed on the need to shift focus on primary and secondary sector. \"The (current) high growth rate is due to construction-centric progress. Though we have achieved high growth on a low base, it is a good sign.\"Singh said the high growth based on construction boom won't last for ever. Once this phase ended, manufacturing sector would be needed to sustain high growth. He further said that for maintenance of roads, which have been constructed on a big scale, the state would need its own resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13751306", "title": "Two found murdered, cash bag missing", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two persons from Karimnagar were found murdered at Gundlapochampalli, Petbasheerabad on Saturday. Their cash bag containing Rs 4.5 lakh was found missing.The Petbasheerabad police said G Tirupati, 25, and Ankush, 45, were found dead with their throats slit. Tirupati, a transport vehicle owner-cum-driver, was hired by one Chatrapathi, owner of Shiva Oil Enterprise, for transporting oil from Gaganpahad to Karimnagar.\"Ankush, a clerk of Chatrapathi, was given Rs 4.75 lakh cash and told to purchase 33 oil cans. Ankush was asked to go along with Tirupati,'' Petbasheerabad inspector B Janaiah said.Police said on Friday that at around 7 am the victims began their journey from Karimnagar. Ankush was in touch with Chatrapathi till 2 pm.'At around 11 am, the vehicle passed the Toopran toll gate and it was recorded. After 2 pm, they were not in touch with anyone,'' police said.Alarmed Chatrapathi after waiting till Saturday morning decided to hunt for them and started his search operation by taking his personal car. After reaching highway No 44 near Gundlapochampalli, Chatrapathi found the vehicle parked on the roadside, but found Ankush and Tirupati were missing. While searching for them in the nearby bushes, his discovered two bodies along with four beer bottles and pesticide near Baisaki dabha.Police suspect that the assailants might have given the victims beer mixed with pesticide and subsequently slit their throats. During investigation, police found that the cash bag was missing.'Actually, the victims were supposed to return to Karimnagar along with the oil stock by Saturday morning,'' Janaiah said. A case was registered under 302 ( Murder) of Indian Penal Code (IPC). Meanwhile, police discovered a human skull at Papayanagar in Hayathnagar. They are looking for other remains to identify the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13758972", "title": "Petrol dealers lift boycott, stock normalcy by today", "text": "NAGPUR: There seems to no end to see-saw in petrol prices. Oil companies have slashed petrol prices by Rs 1.68 per litre with effect from Sunday following a dip in international crude prices. This will translate into a reduction of - per litre in Nagpur after levy of VAT, Octroi, etc. The price inside city limits will now be -, while outside the city you can buy it for ----. Diesel will remain at Rs 48.24 a litre.The state-run companies had increased petrol prices by a whopping Rs 6.28 a litre with effect from May 24, taking the petrol price to Rs 81.43 a litre from Rs 73.10. Then oil companies implemented state government's decision to increase VAT by 1%, which took the price to Rs 82.06 per litre with effect from June 1. Now, within two days it has come down. Thus prices have changed thrice within a span of 11 days.This fluctuation is more rapid than November and December 2011. The price went up by Rs 2 a litre - Rs 76.42 on November 4, then it came down to Rs 74.42 on November 17 and then further dropped to Rs 73.10 per litre from December 1.Meanwhile, petrol dealers lifted the boycott on fuel on Saturday morning after their meeting with minister of state for finance Rajendra Mulak. The petrol and diesel stock is expected to return to normal levels by Sunday morning.Mulak assured the dealers that he would take up the issue of increase in VAT with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. Advising the dealers to protest in a fashion to avoid inconvenience to general public , the minister said that he would discuss VAT relate issue with finance officials on Monday.A rollback on petrol prices was expected on May 31 but was deferred to prevent the opposition parties from taking credit. BJP and some other parties had called a country-wide strike. Interestingly, the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) was slashed on May 31 but not petrol.While Nagpurians welcomed the reduction in petrol price, many wondered why the oil companies did not hold the decision to increase VAT until they slashed prices. Consumer activist Anil Wadpalliwar said, \"Oil companies on May 31 knew that petrol price would be reduced in a day or two. They should have increased VAT on Saturday so that the petrol price would have been revised twice instead of thrice. The state and central government should take into account the problems faced by common citizens due to frequent change in prices.\"Deepti Dixit, a management professional, questioned the wisdom of oil companies in frequently revising the prices. \"I was infuriated over the Rs 7.50 hike. Now, I feel relieved. Even if the government was compelled to increase petrol prices, it should not have increased it by Rs 7.50 per litre and then reduce it by Rs 2 a few days later. Is this some kind of a joke,\" she asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "13752669", "title": "Tehri dam activist sent to AIIMS against will", "text": "DELHI: The Uttarakhand police forcibly admitted 79-year-old environmentalist GD Aggarwal to AIIMS in Delhi. He was shifted from Lachmoli village in Tehri district on Friday fearing attack by pro-dam activists opposing his Uttarakhand visit, said DM Ranjeet Sinha. Aggarwal was held after in Haridwar on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13752696", "title": "Two killed, 15 hurt in fire at temple festival", "text": "TRICHY: Two people were killed and more than 15 others suffered burn injuries when bundles of crackers caught fire at a temple festival at Jayankondam in Ariyalur district on Friday.Police said a procession was being taken out at the Mahamariamman temple at Kodangudi village when a spark from a cracker landed in the 'pandal' where more crackers were kept. They burst into flames and the fire engulfed the area. The devotees started running in panic.While Govindasamy (60) of Kazhuvanthodi died on the spot, Saroja (66) of Keezhachinthamani died of severe burn injuries while being taken to hospital. As many as 15 devotees sustained burns. Punitha (16), Ganesan(40), Radhakrishnan (63), Manikandan (33), Ramu(45), Selvadurai (40) and Ilamaran(45), who were injured severely, were admitted to the Thanjavur Medical College and Hospital around midnight, while the other injured are undergoing treatment at the Jayankondam government hospital.Some of the shops in the vicinity of the temple were razed to the ground.On receiving the information, the T Pazhoor police as well as fire and rescue services personnel rushed to the spot and began rescue operations. A case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13782245", "title": "India seeks deportation of terror accused Fasih", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has sought from Saudi Arabia deportation of Fasih Mehmood against whom Interpol issued a Red Corner notice for being allegedly involved in two blasts in Bangalore and Delhi in 2010.Official sources today said the non-bailable warrant against the 28-year-old engineer from Bihar along with the arrest warrant issued by the World Police organisation was sent through diplomatic channel to Saudi government seeking his deportation.Fasih is accused by Karnataka and Delhi police of being involved in Chinnaswamy stadium (Bangalore) and Jama Masjid blasts in April and September 2010 respectively.The Interpol issued the notice against him for offences of terrorism and crimes involving the use of weapons and explosives, Interpol's official website said.The deportation request was sent as Fasih is understood to have been detained in Saudi after his alleged role in the blasts surfaced, the sources said.They said that according to the terrorists of banned outfit Indian Mujahideen arrested during last nine months, he allegedly played a role in the September 2010 Jama Masjid blasts and also helped in providing shelter to terrorists of this group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13739521", "title": "Cisco web-traffic forecast points to slowing growth", "text": "Good data on internet traffic is hard to come by. Service providers such as AT&T; and Verizon guard their information, and third parties have limited visibility. That's what makes the annual traffic forecasts by Cisco Systems, the world's biggest maker of networking gear, eagerly awaited.This year's Visual Networking Index report, released today, contained some surprises.As expected, the internet continues to grow, as my colleagues pointed out in their coverage. The internet will swell to four times its current size by 2016, growing to 1.3 zettabytes of traffic per year flowing across the world's networks, and nearly half the world's population will have access to some kind of Internet access, according to Cisco.Growth in tablets, smartphones and faster broadband speeds and more video are behind those trends. That's good for companies like Cisco, Juniper Networks and Alcatel-Lucent , which make the routers and other networking technology.But at least one analyst, Nikos Theodosopoulos with UBS Securities, sees in the numbers a reason for concern.The growth rate of traffic is slowing, suggesting that some customers are being more selective: they aren't using their home Internet connections as heavily, and when they're on the road, they're scaling back on the amount of data consumed on their mobile phones as unlimited data plans vanish.Traffic was 31 exabytes per month in 2011, expected to grow to 110 exabytes per month by 2016, according to Cisco. Cisco forecasts the annual growth rate tapering from 42 per cent this year, to 34 per cent in 2013, and 31 per cent in 2014.Theodosopoulos said those trends are squeezing the networking industry, particularly in sales of routers to internet-service providers.\"While the forecast continues to show solid IP traffic growth, the forecast growth rate continues to decelerate, which we believe supports our view that the service provider router growth rate will remain sub-10% in the future,\" Theodosopoulos wrote today in an analyst note.The signs aren't all troubling, though, says Matthew Robison, an analyst at Wunderlich Securities. He noted that Cisco's estimates for all traffic types and regions have increased from last year, highlighting strong expansion in Europe and Asia in particular.--By Jordan Robertson", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13774498", "title": "Sonarika Bhadoria to play Parvati in Mahdev?", "text": "Not too long it was reported that producers Nikhil and Suhana Sinha were on a hunt for a suitable face to play Parvati in their Life OK show 'Devon Ke Dev... Mahadev'.However, the search for Parvati is over with young and beautiful Sonarika Bhadoria roped in to play the role of Parvati.Sonarika who was last seen as Abhilasha, a simple small town newly bride in ' Tum Dena Saath Mera', has bagged the plum role of Parvati.Sources inform, popular names like Divyanka Tripathi, Samiksha Singh, Aasiya Kazi were approached to play the role but ultimately Sonarika has been finalized. Parvati's entry will be telecast in the second week of June.When contacted, producer Suhana Sinha said, \"We have approached Sonarika for Parvati's role but nothing has been confirmed yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13753002", "title": "Gaya HQ DSP included in SIT to probe Brahmeshwar killing", "text": "GAYA: The inclusion of Sunil Kumar, the Gaya (HQ) DSP, as a member of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) constituted by DGP Abhayanand to investigate the killing of Brahmeshwar Singh, founder of Ranvir Sena, has come as a shot in the arm for the district police.It is for the second time within a month that a Gaya policeman has got an important assignment to solve a crime that took place outside the jurisdiction of the district police. Earlier Rajan Sinha, the Wazirganj DSP was selected to head the SIT constituted to investigate the murder of a mukhiya under Haspura block in Aurangabad district. Besides Rajan Sinha, Tekari PS SHO A Rajak was also included in the inter-district SIT constituted to probe the mukhiya murder case which caused widespread unrest in Aurangabad district in the first week of May, 2012. Sunil Kumar's inclusion in the team is important for more than one reason. According to well-placed sources, winning the confidence of the aggrieved party is an important consideration in the investigation of sensitive cases and there is no reason for people aggrieved by Brahmeshwar Singh's apparently well-planned murder not to trust Sunil Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13778809", "title": "Lion dies of pneumonia in Gir forest", "text": "VADODARA: A male Asiatic lion died in Dedakadi range of Gir forest due to pneumonia.\"A male Asiatic lion aged around 12 years died last evening in Keramba forest area in Dedakadi range of Gir (West) division,\" Dr Sandeep Kumar, Deputy conservator of forest wild life division Sasan-Gir said.Lion's carcass was brought to the wildlife care center in Sasan this morning for post-mortem.The post-mortem report said that the lion died of suppurative pneumonia, Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13749701", "title": "BSF to help probe civilian deaths", "text": "AGARTALA: Inspector General of BSF (Tripura Frontier) has assured state police of extending cooperation in the investigation of a case involving the killing of a civilian by BSF jawans in the western border of the state on Thursday.Swapan Deb (42), a resident of Mahespur village along Sonamura border, was allegedly shot dead by BSF jawans following an altercation over opening of border gates to facilitate the deceased for going to his pond on the other side of the wire fencing.\"The jawans, identified as Mangilal and Rajan Tudu of 29 battalion of BSF posted at K K Nagar BOP on the western border, initially misbehaved with victim Swapan, and his accomplice Nimai Pal, when they asked for opening the gate for the second time and later both the parties engaged into an argument and suddenly Mangilal fired on Swapan's forehead,\" said investigating police officer Samir Debbarma.According to the allegation, both the jawans carried the body to a nearby hospital complex and fled before the doctors arrived. The OC of Jatrapur police station has send a request to BSF authorities to hand over both the accused jawans to police. He also asked BSF to provide immediate compensation to the victim's family.However, BSF said the two jawans have already been taken in custody and a court of inquiry was ordered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "13752827", "title": "Teen steals jewellery from own home", "text": "DOMBIVLI: A college student was arrested for allegedly stealing jewellery worth Rs 8 lakh from his own home with the help of two friends, including a minor.On two previous occasions, Sudarshan Deshmukh (19) had stolen gold ornaments and replaced them with imitation jewellery. The accused are Sudarshan Deshmukh, Nadeem Ansari (19) and a minor. \"The accused's mother, Sheetal, filed a complaint on Friday stating that ornaments were stolen from her house in the absence of family members,\" said Vilas Jadhav, senior inspector of Dombivli police station.Following this a police team visited the complainant's house and found that the suspects had entered the house after opening the door lock. \"Initially, we thought that it was the handiwork of seasoned thieves. However, we realized that the accused had only decamped with the ornaments but left Rs 12,000 untouched,\" he added.Investigators suspected that an insider may have a hand in the theft. \"The complainant's son, Sudarshan, used high-end cellphones and bikes hence he became our prime suspect,\" said C Dubey, inspector of Dombivli police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750209", "title": "Matia Mahal MLA also claims he was shot at", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the day Najafgarh MLA Bharat Singh was shot at thrice in his office, Matia Mahal MLA Shoaib Iqbal has once again complained that there was an attempt to murder him near Daryaganj three days ago. He even told a news channel that he was \"shot at\" while he was returning home.\"I was returning home from a function around 1am on Wednesday. Three unidentified men were following us and they attacked our car with lathis. It was a clear attempt to harm me. Had we been given security, they would have never dared to attack us,'' the MLA told TOI on Friday.The case has been referred to the Daryaganj police station and his Innova has been sent for FSL examination, Iqbal said.Police, however, are yet to lodge a case. \"We are yet to register an FIR. We had received a complaint from the MLA and a DD entry has been made at the police station accordingly. FSL experts have been asked to study the car. We will register an FIR only when the forensic report supports the allegations. Prima facie, no portion of the car has been found to be shot at,'' said additional CP (central) Devesh Srivastav.According to police, the statement of the MLA will be recorded soon. \"We will note down the statements of the MLA and of those accompanying him. We are also looking for witnesses,'' said the investigating officer.The supporters of the MLA, however, wonder why police are not registering a case and \"ignoring'' the complaint by making just a DD entry. They have demanded that Shoaib be provided personal security at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750597", "title": "Water treatment hit as Haryana cuts supply", "text": "NEW DELHI: The water crisis in the city is set to get worse. With the Haryana and the Delhi governments involved in a stand-off over the supply of raw water, the production at two main treatment plants - Haiderpur and Wazirabad - has been badly hit. Parts of south, southwest, west and northwest Delhi, already reeling under the crisis, will be the worst affected.\"Haryana has curtailed the supply of raw water for over four days due to which treatment plants are not functioning to their full capacity. This has reduced water supply in certain areas,\" said a DJB official. The drop in the pond level at the Wazirabad plant may also affect its production. A Delhi Jal Board spokesperson said that the issue of restoring water supply has been taken up with the Haryana government.The Haiderpur treatment plant produces 210 million gallons per day but due to restricted raw water supply, its production has been compromised by over 20 million gallons.In the midst of the crisis, some legislators have alleged that nearly 15 million gallons of water is being released by the Haryana government into the Najafgarh drain even as neighbourhoods in the city remain parched. Haryana government officials, however, clarified that raw water is being released into the drain for dilution of sewerage and maintaining ecological balance.On Saturday, Haryana provided 565 cusecs of water to the Wazirabad plant and the state has been providing 425 cusecs of water to the Haidarpur plant as against mandated 610 cusecs, said an official.Meanwhile, residents continue to be at the receiving end. \"There has been no supply for two days. I even went to the DJB office to request for a tanker but they haven't sent any till now,\" said Sarita Singh, a resident of Kalkaji. In Mehrauli, a DJB official was allegedly beaten up by the locals protesting over the shortage.Residents of other areas like Sant Nagar, East of Kailash, Gulmohar Park, Janakpuri, Mayur Vihar and Punjabi Bagh are also suffering because of the shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13757137", "title": "Class X examination: 1,120 Surat students get A1 grade", "text": "SURAT: At least 44 schools in Surat achieved 100 per cent result in class X examination conducted by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB).As many as 54,124 students of the 77,334 who appeared from the district, including the city, cleared the examination, the results of which were announced on Saturday. Surat's pass percentage of 69.66 was close to the state's average result. Among the successful candidates in Surat, 1,120 have secured A1 grade and 5,781 A2 grade.Valsad district had the distinction of achieving the best result in south Gujarat with 78.55 per cent of the students there clearing the examination. At least 16,975 students have passed, while 4,835 have been given need improvement (NI) grade.In Navsari district, the pass percentage was 67.28 for the class X examination. At least 14, 351 students have cleared the examination and 7,169 given NI grade.The pass percentage for Bharuch district was 67.60. The number of students, who passed was 15,991. At least 7,889 students have got NI grade. In the tribal dominated districts of Dang and Tapi, the pass percentages for class X examination were 63.79 and 59.41 respectively. In Dang, 1,691 students have cleared the examination and 981 got NI grade. At least 6,589 students cleared the examination in Tapi, where 4,678 were given NI grade.The last date for applying for reassessment is June 16. Students can get the prescribed form from their respective schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13782126", "title": "Khushi continues to bluff Simar and family", "text": "It is said that one lie can lead to thousands of lies and that's exactly what's going to happen to Khushi (Jyotsana Chadola) soon in Colors' Sasural Simar Ka.Viewers have already witnessed that Khushi, has succeeded to bluff everyone in the family and ascertain the fact that she is an honest, orphan and an innocent girl. Now, in the future episodes Chaddha the dance bar owner (who pretends to be Khushi's uncle) will create obstacles in Khushi's plans of marrying Sankalp.In the upcoming episodes a maha pooja will be organized for Khushi-Sankalp. But during the pooja ceremony, Chaddha the dance bar owner (who pretends to be Khushi's uncle) will force Khushi to meet him.Khushi will somehow manage to meet him and he will then insist her to dance at his bar for the last time to which Khushi agrees. Khushi will chalk out a plan to meet Chadha. She lies and emotionally black mails Karuna by saying that before the wedding takes place, she wants to meet and thank her orphanage people in Dehradhun. Karuna will give her a nod to meet them.When contacted, Jyotsana Chandola said, \"Khushi will continue to bluff the family and soon there will be an interesting twist which I can't reveal at the moment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13758331", "title": "Apptastic", "text": "ColoQThe Rubik's cube gets reimagined as a platform for a puzzle-action game in ColoQ. You play as Anna or Howard, sitting on the top surface of the cube. There are monsters placed all around, and your job is to rotate the tiles such that they come right under your feet to squash them. The cube itself has different types of tiles - land, water and lava - and the monsters come in various shapes and sizes, each requiring a different strategy to take them out. And there are tons of levels, so you'll never tire of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13752703", "title": "Patna University\u2019s mass communication popular", "text": "PATNA: Courses in journalism and mass communication are becoming quite popular in Patna University (PU) these days, with more institutions introducing these courses to cope with the increasing demand.PU Hindi department is going to introduce MA course in journalism and mass communication from this session, said PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh. The chancellor has reportedly approved the admission ordinance and regulations of this two-year course to be run under semester system. There will be 40 seats in this course, he said.Patna College has already been running BA (Honours) course in journalism and mass communication quite successfully for the last several years. Patna Women's College has also been running BA (Honours) course in communicative English with media studies for its students. The directorate of distance education (DDE), PU, is also running a course on journalism and mass communication for the benefit of distance learners.Some offbeat courses run by different colleges and postgraduate departments of PU are also quite popular among boys and girls. These courses include BA (Honours) in social work, PG diploma in population education, PG diploma in women and child welfare and MA in music (Magadh Mahila College), BSc (Honours) in industrial microbiology, PG diploma in fashion designing, PG diploma in advertising and sales management (Patna Women's College), one-year certificate course in nutrition and dietetics and BA (Honours) in functional English (B N College) and PG diploma in financial services (Vanijya Mahavidyalaya) and PG diploma in clinical psychology (Institute of Psychological Research and Services).Other popular courses run by postgraduate departments of PU include PG diploma in actuarial science (statistics), MA in women's studies (history), MA in social work (sociology), PG diploma in human resource management (psychology), PG diploma in bioinformatics (PU Computer Centre), PG diploma in remote sensing and GIS (geography) and Master in Finance and Control (Applied economics and commerce).The last date for submission of forms for admission to these courses is June 20 and the entrance tests would be held on different dates between June 21 and July 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13758906", "title": "Body of mine worker recovered", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The body of an operator drowned with Poclain machine in a pool in Padmapur opencast mine in sump soil slide was recovered on Saturday morning. The rescue workers fished out the body of Ashok Kamble after making efforts for over 24 hours.Kamble was swept away with machine and a dumper in a pool in the wee hours of Friday. Dumper driver Gajanan Pinjarkar sustained serious injuries.Rescue workers were trying to retrieve the machine and dumper that fell into the pool.Director general of mine safety has ordered to initiate an inquiry into the accident.Chandrapur: Forest officers on Saturday obtained two days' forest custody remand (FCR) of the poacher couple arrested at Chimur. Their minor kids were sent to magisterial custody by the court.Foresters of Chimur range office led by RFO LM Belekar had arrested a suspected Baheliya family of four near Chimur bus stop on Friday. Two tortoises were recovered from their possession. The tortoise being a schedule-I animal, the accused Punnalal Gothiya, his wife Anita and two minor sons were booked under relevant sections of forest laws.Punnalal and Anita were produced before Warora court on Saturday. Forest officers sought FCR for seven days, however court agreed for two days of forest custody. The accused minor kids were produced before juvenile court in Chandrapur and they were sent given MCR till June 14.Forest officers suspect the Gothiya couple has connection with Katni's poacher gangs. The behaviour of the accused Gothiya couple is suspicious as it took hours of interrogation to seek the address from Punnalal. Investigators are also quizzing them for tiger poaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750469", "title": "CBI gets Jaganmohan Reddy for five days", "text": "HYDERABAD: Effectively closing the door for YSR Congress chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy to campaign for bypolls slated to be held on June 12, the AP High Court on Saturday gave his custody to the CBI for 5 days beginning Sunday.After the police custody ends on June 7, Jagan will be sent back to judicial custody till June 11 as ordered earlier by the trial court. While in CBI custody, Jagan will be interrogated by sleuths of the investigation agency during the day at their office at Koti and would return to Chanchalguda jail to spend the nights.While granting CBI the custody of Jagan, Justice B Chandra Kumar of the high court held that the investigation agency was well within its rights in arresting Jagan in the disproportionate assets case. Earlier, when the CBI had arrested Jagan and produced him before the trial court to seek his custody last Monday, principal special judge A Pullaiah found fault with the agency and denied it Jagan's custody. Instead, judge Pullaiah sent Jagan to 14-day judicial custody based on the summons the trial court had issued to the accused in the assets case.While allowing the CBI petition that challenged the trial court's decision in denying it the custody of Jagan, Justice Chandra Kumar noted that the CBI court should have accorded recognition to the arrest made by the CBI. This is a case involving serious economic offences and further investigation by the CBI is essential, the judge said. The judge also dismissed the petitions of Jagan that challenged the trial court's decision to accord cognizance independently to each of the charge sheets filed by CBI in the assets case. The probe agency has filed three charge sheets so far and is expected to file few more in the case.The judge, however, imposed certain conditions on the CBI to be followed while questioning Jagan from June 3 to 7. The questioning should happen between 10 am to 5 pm and that he should be sent back to jail at the end of the day. Also, it should happen in the presence of two lawyers of Jagan. No third degree should be applied by the CBI during its interrogation, the high court ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13756517", "title": "Mamata requests Deshmukh to reconsider SRK ban", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday requested union minister Vilas Rao Deshmukh , who is also the president of the Maharashtra Cricket Association (MCA), to reconsider the five-year ban on Shah Rukh Khan at the Wankhede. Deshmukh was in the city accompanying Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on his one-day visit.Khan, who is the co-owner of IPL team Kolkata Knight Riders and also the state's brand ambassador, was slapped a five-year ban by the MCA after getting involved in a scuffle with a security guard after a match against Mumbai Indians last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13759039", "title": "No sub-quota within 25% Right To Education Act free seats, says Maharashtra", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government has in a 22-page notification issued on May 25 clarified that there will be no sub-quota within the 25% free seats that have to be made available by all schools under the Right To Education Act.Sanjay Deshmukh, state project director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, said, \"If the applications are in excess of seats available, the schools will have to conduct a lottery where all forms will be clubbed together.\"The notification states that students eligible for the free seats should belong to either 'disadvantaged group' or 'weaker section'. \"There are no further quotas,\" said Deshmukh.Schools in Maharashtra were grappling with implementation of the 25% free seats with the state giving no clear-cut guidelines on any further break up. While it was always clear that 25% seats will be reserved for 'disadvantaged group' and 'economically weaker section', schools had no clarity on which group to give preference during admissions.The 'disadvantaged group' has been defined by the government as 'child belonging to scheduled caste, scheduled tribe and any other category specified by the state'. Children belonging to 'VJNT, OBC, special backward classes, religious minorities specified by the state government and those whose parents/guardians' annual income is below Rs. 1 lakh' fall in the 'weaker section'.\"Admissions of students in the two special categories will be done after the school receives the caste and/or income certificate,\" said Deshmukh.He clarified that the income certificate of parents/guardians will have to be issued by a revenue official not below the rank of a Tehsildar. Also, the caste certificate will have to be issued by a revenue official not below the rank of deputy collector. Proof of residence will also have to be given by the parents as the RTE pursues the 'neighbourhood school policy'. Under this, children can take admission in the 25% quota only in schools which are within the 1KM radius of their residence.A CBSE school principal told TOI on condition of anonymity that being 'stuck between two agencies is always a problem'. \"We come indirectly under the HRD ministry and are more than happy to follow the RTE. But the implementation of the Act has been handed over to the state department which will keep formulating its own policies. The paperwork we require for our normal admissions is so different from the ones it is asking for under the 25% quota. New forms have been prepared and it seems one staff member will be required just to fill in data only,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13751327", "title": "Army conducting inquiry into MI havildar\u2019s 'bid' to pass on security information", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Army is holding a court of inquiry (CoI) into the alleged effort by a Military Intelligence (MI) havildar to pass on secrets to contacts in West Asia.According to Army sources, the havildar posted in New Delhi was probably already compromised by Pakistan's ISI when he came under the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence's (DRI) scanner. Havildar Shivdasan was trying to sale secrets through one of his relatives working in West Asia when he was arrested in April.According to sources, the DRI received information in April that a personnel from MI was trying to sell security-related information. Acting on the tip-off, the agency immediately shared the information with the Army.\"The Army took over the matter and conducted the entire operation that led to Shivdasan's apprehension. We did not participate in any operation with the Army. We also did not have any knowledge at that time as to what kind of information he was trying to sell,\" said a DRI official.Army sources said he has been detained in Kochi, where a CoI has been underway for almost 10 days. It is still not clear what information Shivdasan had access to. He was probably working with the technical support division, which was newly created in the Army headquarters after Gen VK Singh took over as the Army chief. The Division has been the target of many innuendoes, including allegations, that it had been illegally tapping phones in the national capital region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13757637", "title": "Vatileaks: Hunt is on to find Vatican moles", "text": "Already this year we've read about documents warning of a \"death threat\" against the Pope, widespread nepotism and corruption, exiled whistle-blowers , gay smear campaigns and embarrassing revelations about the Vatican's tax affairs. Most of the damaging of the \" Vatileaks\" were revealed by the reporter Gianluigi Nuzzi in a series of TV programmes and now his new book Sua Santita (Your Holiness).As ever, lumbering several steps behind , the powers that be at the Holy See last month set out to catch the mole or moles behind the leaks - which they refer to as \"criminal acts\". The Pope's butler has already been nabbed in possession of some of the confidential papers. But few people think he acted alone.This week, we learnt that an unnamed Italian cardinal is now a suspect. But even if all the leakers are caught, few observers think that there's an end in sight for the PR disasters that have blighted the reign of 85-year-old Pope Benedict XVI.For Valerio Gigante, a vaticanologist at the Adista religious news website, the church is suffering a moral crisis. \"The contradiction at the heart of the church grows greater all the time. It exists for moral reasons but also generates huge amounts of money and is ever more occupied with political and economic power,\" he said.Another Vatican watcher, Robert Mickens of The Tablet, has a simpler take on the Holy See's woes. \"It's arrogance . The people in charge still think the Vatican is above ordinary laws.\"He says last week's sacking of the Vatican bank chief Ettore Gotti Tedeschi was another example of this. Mr Gotti Tedeschi is believed by many to have fallen foul of Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, the Vatican's number two and the Pope's chief of staff, by insisting on more stringent anti-corruption rules.Observers also point to the Vatican's decision in April to censure nuns in the US for daring to \"disagree with or challenge positions taken by the bishops\" on key social issues. \"All these things are symptoms of a bigger problem. The structure of the Vatican - an absolute monarchy - is no longer suitable for the modern world,\" said Mr Mickens.--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13754287", "title": "Rajya Sabha candidate choice: Congress in a tight spot", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Rajya Sabha elections to be held on June 25 is turning out to be major headache for the Congress leadership in the state as its decision to field a candidate from the majority community has been torpedoed.The party high command is in favour of giving P J Kurien another stint in the Rajya Sabha. This would once again turn the majority community against the UDF.Following the controversy over the induction of the fifth minister of the Indian Union Muslim League, the Congress leadership was pitching for a candidate from the majority community to the Rajya Sabha to appease the NSS leadership.But, now the high command favours the candidature of P J Kurien, and this has even triggered unrest within the state party unit. The party leadership here favoured either V M Sudheeran or Thampanoor Ravi as the Congress candidate for the Rajya Sabha seat.Of the three seats falling vacant from the state, the UDF is in a position to win two, and already a decision has been taken to give one seat to Kerala Congress headed by K M Mani.And with Mani deciding to field Joy Abraham as his party's nominee, the Congress was pitching for a candidate from the majority community. But now all its plans have gone awry with the party high command going against the interests of the state unit.The NSS and the SNDP leaderships were highly critical of the Congress for giving an additional berth to the Muslim League in the cabinet and since then the two have had a strained relationship with the Congress in the state. The KPCC leadership was all set to appease their demands by a fielding a candidate acceptable to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13749002", "title": "21 mines, 10 kg IED found in Latehar", "text": "RANCHI: Police recovered 21 powerful landmines from two villages in Latehar along with 10 kg of improvised explosive device.The IED was recovered from a well at Kurunketta village while the landmines were found from Kuppu village in Burwadih block of the district, around 110 km away from here.Police recovered the explosives during a search operation. SP G Kranthi Kumar said the bombs were defused. The recovery averted a major disaster because police often use the village roads during search operations.The CPI Maoists are suspected to have planted the landmines. Dense forest areas connect Kurunketta to Kuppu village and are Moaist dens.Dacoits arrested: Six dacoits were arrested in Khunti district on Saturday. The dacoits were planning to execute a robbery on Sunday. All of them were wanted in murder, rape and loot cases by different police stations in Khunti and Ranchi, Khunti SP M Tamil Vanan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13754543", "title": "Vadodara's score slips to 66.86 per cent", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara's score slipped to 66.86 per cent - lower than state's overall pass percentage and last year's total pass percentage -- as results of SSC exams were declared by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) on Saturday.While Gujarat's overall result this year is 69.10 per cent, last year the overall pass per cent of the district was 72.37 per cent.Even as the overall pass per cent of the district has declined, there is improvement in the total number of schools with 100 per cent results. From 33 schools that had received 100 per cent results last year, 47 schools this year have received 100 per cent results - a 14 per cent improvement. On the other side, last year only two schools from the district had zero per cent results. This year, there are six schools in the district with zero per cent results.A total of 60,062 students from the district had registered for the exams, which were held in March. Of these 59,517 students had appeared. Total 39,793 students have cleared the exams and are eligible for qualifying certificate (EQC), while the rest 20,269 need improvement (NI).While 733 students have cleared the exams with A-1 grade, 3,508 students have received A-2 grade. Another 5,666 students have received B-1 grade, 8,216 students have received B-2 grade, whereas 9,772 students and 7,411 students from the district have bagged C-1 and C-2 grades respectively. At the same time, 4,475 students fall in grade D, whereas 12 have received E grade.Interestingly, Vejalpur-based Navrachana Eklavya Model Residential School (NEMRS), which was started as Gujarat's only English medium school for tribal students under public private partnership model by city-based Navrachana Education Society and state government in Panchmahal district, has scored 100 per cent results.\"It is the first batch of our school. Out of 46 students, seven have got more than 80 per cent, 20 more than 70 per cent and 19 more than 60 per cent,\" NEMRS principal Sushma Mehta said.At city-based Sardar Vallabhbhai Vidyalaya, all the 312 students who had appeared for the exams cleared it giving 100 per cent results. \"Eighty of our students have cleared the exams with A-1 grade, while three of them have received 478 out of 500 marks,\" principal Vinod Desai said.Of the 37 exam centres in the district, Varnama exam centre stood out with 94.22 pass per cent - highest in the district and an improvement of 0.12 per cent from last year's 94.10 pass per cent. The exam centre at Tarsali registered lowest pass per cent in the district. Here, the pass per cent stood at 40.54, a decline of 7.13 per cent against last year's 47.68 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13757099", "title": "Surat girl performs mother\u2019s last rites", "text": "SURAT: For most people, it is difficult to go against social dogmas. But, Rekha Variya was determined to break free from at least this one. On Saturday, this 32-year-old arts graduate defied traditions and performed the last rites of her mother, Parvatiben, who died of illness at the age of 55.\"My mother fought for me throughout her life. She ensured that I was never discriminated against and got education and other benefits that a male child in the family would get. Therefore, I wanted to perform her last rites,\" said Variya, who belongs to Prajapati community, which is traditionally clay potters.\"Majority of our community members were against my presence at the crematorium. But my in-laws supported my decision to go inside the crematorium and perform the last rites. I wanted to send across a message that girls are not a burden and are as important as boys in the society,\" said Variya, the only child to her parents.Her husband Balvant, a computer engineer, helped her convince elders in the family. \"I suggested that she perform her mother's last rites. Traditionally, only the son is allowed to carry out this ritual. Elders were not ready initially but later relented,\" he said.\"It is a first of its kind incident in our community. I understand the importance of daughters. I have two daughters. What Rekha has done proves that girls are in no way inferior to boys,\" said Naresh Variya, brother-in-law of Rekha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13756102", "title": "Aquem man's computer system hacked", "text": "MARGAO: A case against unknown persons was filed under Section 66 of the Information Technology Act after Aquem-based resident Ivory Joao lodged a complaint with the Margao police on Saturday to the effect that his computer system was hacked into and fictitious messages were sent to his email contacts requesting that 2,750 be sent to him.Margao PI Sudesh Naik said that Joao stated that the time of offence could have been anytime between 7pm on May 28 to 9.15am on May 29. \"The offence took place at office number 111 that is located on the first floor of Supreme Bombi Plaza in Comba, Margao,\" said Naik.Naik added that the hacker in the emails that were forwarded to the complainant's contact's projected Joao to be held up in Spain and in trouble and requested that 2,750 be sent to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13756875", "title": "Government seeks views on illegal religious shrines", "text": "PANAJI: The government has put up a draft policy, seeking to lay down procedure for removal of unauthorized religious structures, while retaining and regularizing decades-old ones and relocating others, in the public domain for suggestions.The ten-page draft policy on religious structures is being circulated to panchayats and is also available on the government site for perusal. \"After 30 days, the objections and suggestions received from the public will be compiled and submitted to the government,\" North Goa collector, Mihir Vardhan said.Treading cautiously on this issue, the BJP-led government had announced that it would invite suggestions from the public to finalize the policy to remove illegal structures as directed by an order of the Supreme Court.The erstwhile Congress government had carried out part of the process through committees and identified 979 illegal structures. Later, only 80 of them were earmarked for demolition, around 336 for regularization and the others for relocation.The unauthorized religious structures in non-comunidade land are proposed to be removed within 90 days after the order is passed.\"There are about 80 religious structures, including 31 in North Goa and 49 in South Goa, identified for removal by the district administration,\" the policy states.The land owning agency (LOA) or estate officer (EO) will have to apply to the TLC with details of encroachment, survey number, size and nature of encroachment and public hindrance and personal information about the encroacher.After the issue of show cause notice under Section 40 of land revenue code 1968 to the all concerned parties for a reply within 30 days, the TLC will issue orders, even ex-parte if the party representing the structure fails to appear, for its removal within 15 days.\"The entire cost of the removal of structures shall be borne by the land owning agency,\" the policy states.For relocation of religious structures, the land owning agency/estate officer has to apply to the TLC with requisite details and documents. \"If interested parties appear before the TLC, they will be given an opportunity of hearing within 15 days,\" the policy states.If parties fail to respond, the TLC will have the right to decide about relocation or demolition at the cost of the government or land owning agency.The district administration has recommended regularization of a total of 336 structures, including 292 in north Goa and 44 in south Goa.But the owners of the land on which the structures are located would have to apply to the TLC with requisite documents and a plan containing all details.In case of lack of response, the TLC will decide about the regularization of such structures at the owner's or government's cost.The structures which are difficult to be shifted will be removed, the policy states. If no organizations, trusts and managements apply for relocation of structures, they will be liable for demolition.The policy envisages formation of state, headed by chief minister and district and taluka level committees, headed by district collectors as chairmen.The DLC and TLC will inspect the records of all religious structures, which are more than hundred years old or less. If the structures are obstructing traffic movement, the panels will work out plans to shift them to other locations at the cost of the respective bodies, management or trusts.The government will carve out a separate fund to take care of the expenditure involved in removal and relocation of the illegal structures.The government has proposed to take a strict line (of action) against officials for reasons of delay, laxity in removal of structures and encroachments, as also in preventing construction of illegal structures, such as temple, church, mosque or gurudwara, in future.\"Departmental action shall be initiated against the official found guilty, besides the entire cost of demolition of the illegal religious structures will be recovered from the officer's salary,\" a clause in the policy states.The government has also proposed to appoint an ombudsman to look into grievances of parties aggrieved by the policy within a specific time frame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13780423", "title": "PCB rejects demand of players to further increase pay: Sources", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan Cricket Board has rejected demands from some players to further increase the match fees and the pay announced recently in the central contracts, according to sources.The PCB had announced a 25 per cent raise in the monthly central contract retainers and another 10 per cent hike in the match fees.But before leaving for Sri Lanka last week, majority of the players had not signed the contracts amid reports that some of the seniors were not happy and wanted around 50 per cent raise in the contracts and match fees.Sources in the Board said that the PCB has made it clear through the team management that any player who does not sign the contracts will be deprived of a lot of facilities.\"The message sent to the players is that the board does not have many income sources right now because of teams not touring Pakistan and as such it is not possible to give further raises so the players should accept the recent hikes and sign the contracts,\" one source said.The PCB had announced the raise in pay after a three year gap and players have complained the hike was not keeping in mind the rising inflation.But Pakistan's Test and ODI captain Misbah-ul-Haq said on a television channel that the players were happy with the raises given to them.\"There was no question of us not signing the contracts, wrong reports have come out. The Board has given decent raises and players will sign their contracts soon,\" he said.The source said that Misbah changed his stance after the Board made it clear to him that it was not happy with reports that he had advised players not to sign the contracts.\"The Board made it clear any player who does not sign the contract will lose many facilities including insurance, medical and will be paid match fees in the lowest C category of the payment slab,\" the source said.Misbah was recently removed as captain and player of the national Twenty20 team and the PCB appointed Mohammad Hafeez as skipper in his place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752724", "title": "Pilot project for slum dwellers to be launched soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Urban development housing (UDH) principal secretary GS Sandhu on Saturday said the pilot project under the Rajiv Awas Yojana (RAY) would be launched shortly at a cost of Rs 400 crore at the Sanjay Nagar Bhatta Kachi Basti in Jaipur.In Jaipur alone, 22.4 % of the population resides in the slum areas and the administration listed as many as 238 slum locations in 2011. The slum population in Jaipur is estimated at 4.87 lakh. These were some of the findings revealed in a presentation made at the consultation.Sandhu was addressing a gathering at a seminar on 'Strengthening Civil Society Voices on Urban Poverty in Rajasthan' jointly organized by the Society for Participatory Research in Asia (PRIA) Society for Promotion of Area Resource Centre (SPARC) at the Institute of Development Studies . Sandhu said this will pave the way for full-fledged implementation of the ambitious scheme (RAY), under which the state government intends to give the land title to the people getting the allotment. The state government will also bring an act for this purpose, Sandhu said.The participants in the seminar were mainly policy planners, elected representatives of urban local bodies, activists, government officers, civil society representatives and residents of slum localities in Jaipur. Aditi Mehta, additional chief secretary, department of social justice and empowerment, said the development of social infrastructure should be accompanied by the drive for cohesion in the society, as the migrant population was often found to have stratification on the basis of caste and region, which gave rise to tension and conflict. She noted that urban poverty was a greater challenge in comparison to rural poverty and laid emphasis on carrying out meaningful surveys to find out the correct picture.PRIA state coordinator, Krishan Tyagi said the consultation (seminar) strived to sensitize and educate different sections of the society about the need to strategically and collectively focus on the issues relating to urban poverty, which is typically equated with slums and squatter settlements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750565", "title": "Review MLA security soon: CM to top cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security concerns raised by MLAs in the assembly on Friday played out in reality on Saturday. The attack on Najafgarh MLA Bharat Singh stunned legislators across party lines and BJP leaders were seen linking the attempt to murder to the overall law and order situation in the Congress-ruled state. Dubbing the security of MLAs a 'critical issue' and the attack on the MLA a \"matter of grave concern\" chief minister Sheila Dikshit has asked police commissioner BK Gupta to review the security of legislators urgently.As a fallout of the attack, besides the victim, two more MLAs - Narela MLA Jaswant Rana and Matila Mahal MLA Shoaib Iqbal - have also been provided Y-category security wherein they get a cover of eight security personnel. Both Rana and Iqbal had alleged threat to their lives.On Friday, MLAs in the assembly demanded police protection. Speaker Yoganand Shastri had directed the chief minister to summon the police commissioner and take stock of security for MLAs. Against the backdrop of a murder bid on Bharat Singh, police commissioner BK Gupta met Dikshit at her residence on Saturday. She directed Gupta to enhance security of the legislators.\"It is a matter of great concern that an MLA has been attacked. We have to take precautions. MLAs had raised the issue of security, and today this incident has happened. Security should be enhanced,\" Dikshit said. With both Congress and BJP MLAs visiting family members of the injured MLA and speaking out on the security scenario, Dikshit asked BJP to refrain from politicizing the matter. The chief minister plans to visit Singh's residence on Sunday to inquire about his health.Dikshit said the police commissioner had told her personal security officers (PSOs) have been provided to many MLAs, who have raised security concerns. Issues regarding security of MLAs will be discussed on Tuesday, she said. Gupta said the special cell and the crime branch have been roped in to probe the attack.\"I have informed the chief minister that any MLA having apprehensions on security or facing threats will be given police protection,\" he said.Mukesh Sharma, CLP spokesperson and Uttam Nagar MLA, said, \"We condemn the attack on Singh and the CM is likely to issue a statement on Monday. Police must review the law and order situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13771971", "title": "With no BCCI rights, Neo Sports goes game-neutral", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) cancelling its licence for telecast rights of Team India's matches played at home, broadcaster Neo Sports has been forced to re-brand its exclusive cricket channel as an all Sports channel.The broadcaster has renamed its Neo Cricket channel as Neo Prime, so as to telecast other sports on the channel.\"The reality is that we don't have the BCCI rights anymore. So long as we had the BCCI rights, we also covered domestic matches to some extent, so it made sense to have a dedicated exclusive cricket channel.\"But now we realise that it may not be useful to have a 24x7 cricket channel. Therefore, it makes more sense to position it this way,\" Neo Sports broadcast (TV operations) chief operating officer Prasanna Krishnan told PTI.BCCI scrapped the contract with its broadcast rights holder Nimbus Communications, the promoter of Neo Sports, last December for defaulting on payments and forfeited a bank guarantee amount of Rs 2,000 crore.Nimbus had signed a four-year deal with BCCI in October, 2009 for Rs 2,000 crore.On if Neo Sports could have launched a new channel without sacrificing its exclusive cricket channel, Krishnan said, \"Cricket can also be telecast on Neo Prime or Neo Sports. We thought we would go with this strategy rather than launch a third channel at this time.\"Neo Cricket was the first to have a round-the-clock cricket-centric content and its competitors followed suit. Broadcast major ESPN-Star has its exclusive channel for cricket - Star Cricket, while Zee Enterprises operated Ten Sports has Ten Cricket.With Neo Sports having a surge in volume across multiple sports and limited India cricket content, the broadcaster expects it can have live telecast of all the sporting action.\"We have been focusing on five other sports apart from cricket like golf, football , tennis, badminton and hockey. The volume of sports content that we picked up was so huge that we started facing scheduling problem. It became difficult to show multiple sports at the same time because we had one cricket channel and one other sports channel,\" Krishnan said.On if the revenues are affected because of the fallout of the BCCI contract, he said, \"It doesn't make much of a difference. While cricket comes with huge ad revenues, it also has a corresponding high cost. Cricket is very expensive. People don't necessarily make profit on cricket these days, is my view.\"However, he did not divulge the revenue expectation for the year.With the availability of sports content in high definition, Neo Prime will gradually adopt itself to the new format, he added.\"All the high definition content which is ready will go into Neo Prime. Once we are happy with volume of content, we will then transition into a high definition channel. That is the road map. We haven't taken a decision on the timeline yet. We will review it in the next few months,\" he said.Neo, the number two sports channel in the country, has been acquiring some of the biggest sporting events including UEFA Euro 2012, French Open, World Series Hockey, Sultan Azlan Shah Cup, Rugby World Cup in addition to the existing bouquet of the Asia Cup , Davis Cup , US PGA Tour , BWF Badminton Super Series, Fed Cup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13749565", "title": "I was not abducted: MLA Rumi Nath", "text": "GUWAHATI: Rumi Nath (33), who had gone missing in the second week of May, is reported to have reached her Dispur MLA hostel quarter on Saturday morning after 20 days. Rumi is a two-time MLA from Barak Valley, who migrated to Congress from BJP.Rumi, a mother of a two-year-old girl child, left her husband Rakesh Kumar Singh and daughter Riddhi on May 13 last and allegedly eloped with her Facebook friend Zakir Hussain alias Jacky. She was believed to have converted to Islam and consequently married her 28-year-old friend.Sources in Dispur said that she was seen in her hostel quarter in the morning hours. They also confirmed the presence of her boy friend here in the city.Police had launched a search operation after her Uttar Pradesh-based physician-cum-businessman husband Rakesh Singh , whom she married four years back, filed an FIR in Silchar police station alleging the abduction of his wife by miscreants.\"Rumi reached the MLA hostel campus at around 10.30 am on Saturday. She contacted the Dispur police for her protection and said she doesn't want to meet anyone. Later, she went out and we don't know where she is now,\" said a close aide of Rumi here.Earlier, a senior Assam police official said she had contacted police for help and expressed her willingness to come to Dispur to clarify the events. \"She said she willingly went with the boy and married him. We can't act on this case as she has denied charges of kidnapping. On the issue of her marriage, the court will have a say, not us,\" said the official.Meanwhile, a close aide of Rumi said she will file a theft case as many of her valuables are missing from her house.Rumi, in telephonic conversation with some media houses a few days back, said she had solemnized nikah with her lover Jacky after embracing Islam on her own. \"No one pressurized me nor was I abducted,\" said Rumi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13752711", "title": "Toyota to launch motor racing series next year", "text": "MUMBAI: Toyota Kirloskar Motor is going to launch a six-race Etios Motor Racing series in three cities in India next year and would be shortlisting 25 drivers for the championship after the ongoing two-day camp in Chennai.The series is to be held at Buddh International Circuit in Noida, which hosted India's first F1 Grand Prix last year, besides Chennai and Coimbatore, said the company's managing coordinator-marketing Hitoshi Fukui on Saturday. \"We are planning to hold two races each in these cities. The shortlisted 25 Indian drivers (at the end of the camp concluding in Chennai) would pay Rs 1.5 lakh each as registration fee to take part in the championships\" said Fukui.Angel guides Fr. Agnel to title: Reigning champions, Fr. Agnel Gymkhana, Vashi reasserted their supremacy in local football as they quelled the determined challenge from Sea View SC, Bandra in a thrilling title clash of the MDFA organized Bombay Gymkhana-Women's Football League (WFL).Energetic striker Angel Braganza completed a fine hat-trick in the team's nail-biting 3-2 victory over their arch-rivals from Bandra, at the Bombay Gym ground on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13771120", "title": "Raveena Tandon counters Delhi heat", "text": "Actress Raveena Tandon today braved the scorching Delhi heat as she turned up at an event in a red dress which she said was to \"counter fire with fire\".The 37-year-old actress, who is all set for a comeback with Gin Liya Aasman opposite Sanjay Dutt , said she wanted to take on the Delhi heat with her skin-fitted short dress.\"Delhi is hot. I believe I have won over the heat of Delhi. The philosophy behind red was to counter fire with fire,\" she told PTI.Raveena was in the city for the inauguration of a beauty saloon and make up studio.Raveena said money has nothing to do with fashion and a girl always need to pamper herself.\"Every girl has a right to pamper herself to look adorable... It is the innate desire in every woman to look good,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13759429", "title": "Kuttiady garden to get a makeover", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The garden in the downstream of Kuttiady dam will soon be developed on the lines of the Malampuzha garden.The project aims to explore the environmental beauty of the dam site at Peruvannamuzhi.The garden will be set up at a 10-acre land adjacent to the dam. The government has earmarked Rs 20 lakh for it under the irrigation development projects. This money will be used for the preliminary work.According to a tourism department official, the garden will be designed and completed by the department in association with the irrigation department.Kuttiady, located about 60 km from Kozhikode city, is already a favourite tourism destination.The official said the tourism department would recommend constructing a rock garden, fountains, open air theatre and children's park in the location.Tourists visiting Kuttiady garden will also be able to visit the artificial lake, Smaraka Thottam (a garden set up to commemorate freedom fighters), crocodile farm and bird sanctuary at Peruvannamuzhi.Janakikkadu eco-tourism project spread over 131 hectares in Maruthonkara panchayat, near Kuttiady and the Malabar Wild Life Sanctuary also can be included in the tourism package, the official said.Peruvannamuzhi also has a 95-hectare spices garden maintained by the Indian Institute of Spices Research, as well as coconut gardens and a seed production unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13760246", "title": "How maharajas' progressive moves shaped Mysore State", "text": "The Royal City was one of the first few cities in Asia which had adopted electric streetlighting, thanks to Maharaja Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar, who formally inaugurated the facility at Shimsha. The project to extend electric lighting to Mysore was sanctioned in 1906-07 as part of Cauvery Power Scheme, which harnessed hydro-electric power at Shimsha. The dream came true in 1908. On September 26, 1908, the maharaja launched the project by switching on the lights, while sitting on the throne at Jagan Mohan Palace, according to records.A little over three years ago then, Bangalore had electric-lighting scheme in place. It was launched in June 1905 by Sir John Hewett, member of the Viceroy's Council. According to 'Mysore Gazetteer', Bangalore was the first city in India to get electric streetlighting system, an initiative of the erstwhile Mysore State led by the maharaja, who Mahatma Gandhi had called as 'Rajarshi' (saintly king).Born on June 4, 1884, in the Mysore Palace, the maharaja ruled the State for 38 years. Besides being the most-celebrated rulers in India, he is remembered for his concerns towards people. He was one of the world's wealthiest men, who attended to the people's needs, earning distinction. It is no wonder that people celebrated his 25 years of reign and constructed a memorial with public funding. The Silver Jubilee Clock Tower stands as a memorial of people's love towards their ruler. It is reckoned to be only such memorial built in India with public funding to commemorate the rule of a king.When maharaja Chamaraja Wadiyar died in 1894, Krishnaraja, the yuvaraja (prince), was 10 years old. He ascended the throne on February 1, 1895, with Col Henderson, the resident overlooking the ceremonies. While he was named the king, his mother -- maharani Vani Vilas -- was proclaimed the regent. She was in charge of the administration till February 8, 1902.The young Krishnaraja was carefully educated at a special school under the supervision of Sir Stuart M Fraser, an officer of the elite Indian Civil Service , who was his tutor and governor. In August 1902, he was invested with the full administrative powers by Lord Curzon, the Viceroy and Governor-General of India, who came down to Mysore for the occasion. \"A viceregal escort consisting of Fourth Hussars, a battery of artillery and a battalion of the Warwickshire Regiment from Belgaum, added much to the dignity of the proceedings,\" the Gazetteer states.Over the next 38 years, the maharaja, assisted by seven dewans, including Sir M Visvesvaraya and Sir Mirza Ismail, launched many mega public projects, visited European nations and replicated their success stories here, focussed on industrialization and set up many educational institutes. Under his rule, Mysore State saw rapid changes and transformed itself into one of the most progressive and modern states. He braved odds to set up the University of Mysore in 1916, granted land for the setting up of Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore and completed the Krishnarajasagar (KRS) dam, the opposition notwithstanding. On the administrative side, he reorganized many departments, set up new ones, and extended the democratic institution by establishing the Legislative Council.Years after his death, the city commemorated his services when his statue was installed at the city centre in 1950s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758620", "title": "'Protect eco-sensitive area of Sindhudurg'", "text": "PUNE: Members of Awaaz Foundation, an environmental NGO, has written to the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) to declare Sawantwadi-Dodamarg area of the Western Ghats in Sindhudurg district be declared ecologically sensitiveThe foundation has also pointed out that MoEF cannot reject the Western Ghats Ecology Experts Panel report as it was constituted by the ministry. \"Suggestions and objections from stakeholders will have to be sought. After due consideration to the suggestions, the ministry should decide whether to accept the report or not,\" the foundation has said.The report was placed in public domain with a disclaimer. The panel, chaired by noted ecologist Madhav Gadgil, was formed by MoEF, to recommend demarcation of ecologically sensitive areas for conservation and protection of Western Ghats.\"The report was commissioned by MoEF and the ministry had selected the members. The final report was sent on August 31, 2011. The disclaimer states the report has not been formally accepted by the ministry and it was being analyzed and considered. We want MoEF to consider suggestions and objections and have consultation with all stakeholders and then decide whether to adopt or reject any part or whole of the report,'' Sumaira Abdulali, convenor of the Foundation, told TOI.Sawantwadi-Dodamarg area requires special protection for environmental reasons. It fulfills almost every criterion of the Pranob Sen Committee for declaration of ecologically sensitive area due to its biodiversity and large range and number of endemic species.Abdulali said that the report confirms that gram sabha resolutions of 22 villages in this area were taken into account. Based on these resolutions as well as several environmental considerations, a recommendation was made to declare the area as ecologically sensitive area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13757025", "title": "Don\u2019t touch river till rains, says guardian minister", "text": "NASHIK: According to a decision taken at a meeting held at the district collectoate, water hyacinth that has covered the Godavari surface is to be left untouched till the monsoon, when it is expected to be washed downstream for about 25 km till Saikheda, where it would be cleared.The issue figured in the meeting between officials and policiticians including the guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal on Wednesday evening. Taking serious note of the menace of water-hyacinth in Nashik's holy river, Bhujbal asked the NMC administration to ensure that all sewage treatment plants (STPs) are operational by next year so that the menace caused due to the hyacinth can be permanently controlled.\"This year the NMC administration and the irrigation department jointly decide on the better way to get rid of water hyacinth problem. While the irrigation and public works department will make all effort and keep their tools and programmes ready to help NMC, it is the civic body's responsibility to ensure the water weeds are removed and treated at Saikheda. By next year all STPs should be functional such that there is no problem ever again,\" Bhujbal warned at the meeting of NMC officials, held at the collectorate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13749679", "title": "Majuli locals protest against police atrocities", "text": "JORHAT: Hundreds of villagers took to the streets at Dakhin Majuli on Saturday in protest against the 'harassment' of people in the name of fighting Ulfa.It isalleged that the Jorhat police has been committing atrocities on the people of Majuli in the name of anti-militant operations after its failure to check the rising militant activities in the chief minister's home district.The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu), Jorhat unit have expressed serious dissatisfaction with the police atrocities, saying that Jorhat Police have lost its control and is running like a rudderless boat these days. The organization along with locals staged a dharna at Majuli SDO office premises opposing the police atrocity on common men in the cultural hub on Saturday.\"The police have been harassing us in the name of anti-militant operations against the Ulfa. They assaulted us brutally without any reason. We have requested the government to control the police force immediately,\" an agitated villager of Majuli said. He added, \"Police even arrested around five persons within a week and harassed them. We opposed this brutality and warned them to abstain from repeating it in the future.\"Aasu Jorhat district unit president Biren Saikia said, \"In order to hush up their failure to control crimes and militant activities in Jorhat, police are now starting to harass innocent people in the district in the name of anti-militant activities and the recent incidents in Majuli are a glaring examples of it. Although criminal activities are on the rise in the district, police are targeting poor and innocent villagers. We think there is no control on Jorhat police and the chief minister is doing about it.\"\"We strongly condemn these illegal activities of the police. We have submitted a memorandum to the SDO of Majuli seeking his immediate intervention into the matter,\" he said.Majuli SDO Sonaram Khanikar said, \"I have received the memorandum and assured them that I will look into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13759308", "title": "Water cut in Kochi, suburbs on Tuesday", "text": "KOCHI: The water supply in the city and its suburbs will come to a halt on Tuesday with the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) closing down its plant at Aluva for annual repair works.According to KWA officials, the water supply would be disrupted from 7am to 6pm on the day due to the repair works.It is from the KWA plant at Aluva that the drinking water is supplied to all corporation areas, Thrikkakara, Marad, Kalamassery, Aluva and Eloor municipalities and Keezhmadu, Choornikkara and Elankunnappuzha panchayats. \"Due to the electrical repair works, there will be no power supply to the plant on Tuesday. So we decided to carry out all other repair works on the same day,'' KSEB officials said.Though the installed capacity of the plant at Aluva is 225 million litre per day (MLD), KWA generates around 240 MLD.As per the schedule, the annual shut down was to be carried out last week.However, as the employees were busy with the repair works in the Thammanam water treatment plant, they postponed the work to Tuesday.The KWA has already begun changing the filter beds of the plant. It has been a year since the filter beds at the plant got defunct. But the KWA was unable to change the filter bed due to its unavailability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758932", "title": "Civic chief promises to act against illegal hoardings", "text": "PUNE: Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Saturday said action against illegal hoardings in the city would be taken.Pathak along with Congress corporator Avinash Bagwe visited the thoroughfares in the city and surveyed the hoardings put up by advertising agencies and private companies. \"Pathak assured that he will issue orders to immediately remove illegal hoardings. We visited 38 spots and brought it to his notice that there are many illegal hoardings in the city,\" Bagwe told reporters.\"We have repeatedly complained that civic officials are turning a blind eye towards illegal hoardings in the city. There are around 350 to 400 legal and over 3,500 illegal hoardings in the city,\" Bagwe claimed.Pathak had recently said the state government would soon approve the hoardings policy and the civic body would implement it immediately. The state urban development department had, in August 2011, suspended the policy prepared by the civic body since proper procedure was not followed in publishing it and seeking the state's permission.The PMC then completed all procedures. The general body's resolution is with the state government. The policy, approved unanimously by the GB last year, seeks to check sky sign advertisements and hoardings in the city. Permission for the existing sky signs will be cancelled and new ones will be issued. The city will be divided into zones to streamline issues related to permission.Survey of palkhis' routeThe civic administration and elected representatives on Saturday reviewed preparations for the annual palkhi processions to make arrangements for services, such as uninterrupted water supply, healthcare services, and sanitation to warkaris at the palkhi processions to Pandharpur. The processions, which see lakhs of devotees known as warkaris participating, will leave for Pandharpur from Dehu and Alandi. They will arrive in Pune on June 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13777471", "title": "Robert Pattinson doesn't mind sex scenes", "text": "Robert Pattinson , who shares sex scenes with co-star Patricia McKenzie in new film 'Cosmopolis', has revealed that he is just as happy to bare his body as his fangs.The 'Twilight' hunk thinks it's more difficult for actresses as they are worried about how those scenes can be exploited by the media.\"I don't really have a problem with those scenes or nudity in general,\" the Sun quoted the 26-year-old British actor as saying.\"I think it's more complicated for actresses who are worried about how those scenes can be exploited by the media and how naked photos are constantly getting posted on the internet,\" he added.But even confident R-Patz had problems at one stage while making the film, directed by horror maestro David Cronenberg .\"The sex scenes with Patricia were more difficult. It was kind of strange but in the script we were supposed to climax at the beginning of the scene then have this discussion afterwards. But David had the brilliant and inspired idea to have us talk while we were having sex,\" he revealed.In the film he plays Eric Packer, a Wall Street billionaire whose world is plunged into turmoil as the age of capitalism comes to an end, and he hopes the movie will go some way to breaking his Twilight image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13749633", "title": "Drive to prevent landslides in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Aiming to prevent landslides in the city during the rainy season, the Kamrup (Metro) district administration on Saturday constituted surveillance teams to monitor all 19 hillocks in Guwahati. The teams will visit these areas to spread awareness on landslide prevention and to urge them to report unauthorized constructions to the district administration.The teams of circle officers and OCs of local police stations held a meeting presided over by Dhrubajyoti Das, additional deputy commissioner Kamrup (Metro), here on Saturday. Parag Phukan, professor at Gauhati University and Indrani Gogoi, professor, Assam Engineering Institute, made a presentation on the landslide scenario in the city.With monsoon likely to hit northeast in first week of June, possibility of incessant rain and landslides are looming large, especially on hillocks where construction has been done in violation of building norms. The surveillance teams has been set up a part of the Guwahati Landslide Mitigation Project launched by chief minister Tarun Gogoi in April.\"The surveillance teams will start their functions immediately. There will be one surveillance team for every hilllock. Around 50 NGOs have applied to be part of the teams and with their help we can spread awareness about things that can trigger landslides,\" Das told TOI. He added that the surveillance teams will report to the district administration about unauthorized constructions on hillocks, which will be forwarded to the concerned agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "13757841", "title": "'US to move bulk of naval fleet to Asia-Pacific'", "text": "SINGAPORE: In a major reposturing , US on Saturday announced it will shift the bulk of its naval fleet including as many as six aircraft carriers to the Pacific by 2020 as part of new strategic focus on Asia.The American move outlined by the defence secretary Leon Panetta at the ongoing security forum would reconfigure US forces' 50-50 split between the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean to 60% of the naval assets being moved to the Asianregion . The decision, Panetta said, was part of a \"steady, deliberate\" effort to bolster the US role in the area, deemed vital to American interest recently by President Obama .Besides the carriers, the redeployment, he said, would comprise the majority of navy's cruisers, destroyers, littoral combat ships and submarines and this new posturing would be fortified by an increase in the number and size of military exercises in the Pacific.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13778842", "title": "David Dhawan all set to roll with Chupke Chupke", "text": "It's finally happening. A remake of the 1975 Hrishikesh Mukherjee comedy Chupke Chupke. Long in the pipeline the eagerly-awaited remake gets anew lease of life and a completely new interpretation.Dhawan's old favourite writer Rumi Jaffrey says, \"That Chupke Chupke was 36 years ago.Times have changed.In those days confusions were created among the characters over the telephone line because people wereshouting to make themselves heard over crackling trunk-call lines. Times have changed. It's the era of instant communication.And the new Chupke Chupke will reflect that.\"While the cast for the new Chupke Chupke is yet to be decided we hear the role of the heroine's suspicious brother-in-law, played with such magnificent comicality by Om Prakash in the original film, is likely to go to Rishi Kapoor.Rishi and David Dhawan are currently working ona remake of Sai Paranjpye's Chashme Buddoor . When asked about the cast of the new Chupke Chupke David Dhawan who 's nursing a fractured shoulder says, \"I haven't really finalized the cast.I 've finished shooting for Chashme Buddoor . The stitches on my operated shoulder came out . Now it's physiotherapy all the way. I've to get into work gradually. But yes , it is Chupke Chupke next.\"Fox-Star Studios and a company called White Stripes are co-producing Chupke Chupke .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13748614", "title": "'No model code of conduct on Kumbh Mela works'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: All works undertaken for the forthcoming Kumbh Mela would not come under the purview of model code of conduct and would go unhindered, said the divisional commissioner while addressing a review meeting of officials here on Saturday.Addressing officials after returning from the city, commissioner Devesh Chaturvedi said that Kumbh Mela is traditionally after a gap of 12 years and schemes are prepared keeping this thing in mind. Works undertaken for Kumbh do not stand as an impediment during elections and all officials of the department concerned should complete their work within given timeframe.He said that all agencies including the power, telephone and other departments should not undertake any work including digging or construction of roads before informing mela officer otherwise they would not be given approval. Health department should hold consultations with representatives of Sulabh international for constructing toilets in the Mela area alongwith the Jal Nigam using cheap and effective technique.The commissioner also asked general manager Ganga Pollution Control unit to undertake immediate repair of roads in busy thoroughfares and take up patch work.He also sought explanation on the delay in repair of road connecting Laxmi talkies and Swaroop Rani Nehru hospital. In reply the officials of AMC informed that it would start soon after completion of tender work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13755040", "title": "Proposal to provide Hajis with SIM cards this year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The All-India Haj Committee, along with the Consulate General of Saudi Arabia , has put forward a proposal to provide SIM cards with balance of five Saudi riyals to every Indian pilgrim this year. This was one of the main items on the agenda at the 28th Haj conference held in Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi recently. The SIM card proposal is most likely to be accepted this year.From Gujarat, a large number of Muslims go on Haj every year. This year, a total of 3,789 pilgrims left for Haj from the state, which was mainly because of special passports given to the pilgrims that had a validity of a year. This year more than 37,000 applications were received by the state Haj committee.The committee has also issued strict instructions to not allow pilgrims to carry any excess baggage like boxes and canisters with them while on the pilgrimage. For a hassle-free pilgrimage, the travellers have also been requested to watch the CD of do's and dont's by the committee.Representatives of Haj committees from all states were present at the meeting held in New Delhi.Many Haj committees, including that of Gujarat, have requested that the confirmation of the Haj pilgrims be made early as many are not able to garner resources like finances. This leads to a large number of cancellations. The committee has taken cognizance of this problem, states a release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13752705", "title": "Signal fire snuffs out switch to alternating current", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kurla signal fire has claimed another casualty: it has delayed the conversion of the traction from 1,500 V direct current (DC) to 25,000 V alternating current (AC).Railway Board member (electrical) Kul Bhushan conducted a review of the project on Central Railway (CR) on Saturday. \"After the fire, we have become cautious and are against carrying out any digging of trenches to lay cables to connect sub-stations,\" a senior official said.\"Moreover, utility mapping will be carried out to ascertain the presence of any other cables before laying fresh cables that can carry 11000 V of power,\" he added.CR won't be carrying out laying of cables to operate sub-stations during the monsoon, it will not be possible to meet the internal deadline of December 2012 for conversion from DC to AC. Moreover, the cables will be laid six-foot underground to prevent a repeat of such fire incidents. However, the CR administration is confident of charging the AC system on the fifth and sixth lines up to LTT and Thane by September.One hundred and forty rakes can run on the AC system on the CR network. Of these, 53 rakes can run on AC-DC dual system, while remaining are pure DC rakes. CR is expecting to get five new AC compatible rakes besides retrofitting 15 more during this period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hazaribagh", "code": "13749705", "title": "308 cops to be trained at police academy", "text": "HAZARIBAGH: State DGP G S Rath said 308 new sub-inspectors selected by the Jharkhand Public Service Commission (JPSC) would start receiving training from June 10 at the Police Academy set up recently in Hazaribag.He said these, while addressing the media persons in Hazaribag on Saturday. In the newly constructed police academy, the SIs would be given training in the most scientific ways using all the latest equipment, he said.The training is designed especially to combat terrorists, Maoists.He said the academy located in the suburbs of Hazaribag town near NH-33 is well equipped and has all the modern facilities required in a police training institute including a resourceful library with extensive collection for the cops.The Jharkhand police had taken a pledge to eliminate Maoist activities in the area and restore peace here, Rath said. He said the Maoists had started getting frustrated and were responding to the governments' call to surrender accepting the state's package to return to the main stream.For the development of Bokaro Zone a Saranda type operation against the Maoists had kick started and a few hardcore Maoists had already been arrested, Rathe asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13699653", "title": "Sandaikozhi 2 shelved?", "text": "There were reports that director Lingusamy and actor Vishal would come together for Sandaikozhi's sequel. But for reasons unknown, the film has been shelved , it seems. According to sources, the director has shelved the project as he hasn't been able to develop a meaty plot for the sequel of the blockbuster action film. It now seems like that hasn't worked out, and the filmmaker has junked the idea of making a sequel altogether. Sandakozhi released in 2005 featured Vishal and Meera Jasmine as the lead pair with Rajkiran playing an important supporting role.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13752882", "title": "Mamata Banerjee unhappy with petrol price rollback, says it with flowers", "text": "KOLKATA: It was Mamata Banerjee's way of saying it with a flower. After the ceremonial lamp was lit at a programme in the University of Calcutta (CU) to mark the centenary of the Indian Science Congress Association (ISCA) on Saturday, Singh walked up to a portrait of Sir Asutosh Mookerjee, the first president of the Indian Science Congress, to offer his respects. But the organizers had forgotten to keep a garland or flower petals on the dais. As the PM stood before the portrait and the rest watched in anxious silence, it was Mamata who salvaged the situation. She promptly plucked a flower from one of the several decorations on the dais and handed it to Singh, who laid it at the base of the portrait. The gesture allayed all fears of friction with PM Manmohan Singh in the backdrop of her opposition to petrol price hike and a bailout package for Bengal not yet shaping up.The tension dissipated as a beaming Mamata followed Singh to the dais and occupied the chair next to him. She sat erect for a while when hymns from the Vedas were chanted. She then chatted for a while with Ashwani Kumar, Union minister of state for science and technology before turning to her right and exchanging a few words with Singh, who formally declared open the centenary year of the ISCA.Later in the day, after seeing off the PM at the race course from where he took off in an Indian Air Force chopper for the airport, Mamata said she had demanded a complete rollback of the increase in petrol price last month and was unhappy with the Rs 2/litre relief.\"I am not happy about the cut in petrol price by Rs 2/litre. It is not enough. It is still a burden on the common man. There should have been a total rollback of the hike,\" she said. Asked about her conversation with the PM, she said.\"I have told him the public is unhappy about this repeated hike and requested him to roll back the price hike. I told him when there is a decrease in the global crude prices, why will there be a rise in petrol prices in India? I requested him to try. I told him to rethink. He told me there are problems faced by petroleum marketing companies,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13758002", "title": "Image makeover", "text": "So you're back from your holidays and like most click-happy vacationers armed with a digital camera, you've captured thousands of \"special moments\" . But what now? One look at the sheer number of photos and you realise that this post-production part of picture-taking is not what you had bargained for.Some images of your frolicking kids appear over exposed; a few others underexposed. Your best family portrait is plagued with red-eye . And then there are those slight wrinkles on your wife's face - something she will definitely not appreciate.Have no fear. Simple photo-editing can take care of it all. Besides, the process can be super easy if you have the right tools...BATCH PROCESSINGIf you have a whole directory of photographs that need to be converted to a particular size, or from one format to another (say from .tiff or .png to .jpg), then you might want to consider the batch - processing capabilities of IrfanView.Of course, this free software lets you complete basic photo-editing tasks such as auto-adjustment of colours, red-eye reduction, sharpen, blur, etc through the 'Image' menu option on its toolbar, but its real powers come to the fore when you set it to automatically process a bunch of images in a single go. To batch-process images in IrfanView: Go to File &gt; Batch Conversion/ Rename In the Batch conversion dialog box, you will find an option to convert all files from one format to another, and another option to even rename all files. You can choose to overwrite your existing files, or even save the converted files in another directory (an option we advise, so you'll also have your photographs in their original form).Ticking the Use advanced option... check box in this menu will throw up further options including cropping of photos, resizing, auto adjusting of colours , and myriad other such features. We'd advise that you explore the batch processing features only after taking a back-up of all your original files. Download: www.irfanview.comROTATING PHOTOSAs soon as you transfer your photos from your camera to your computer, you'll realise that the pictures taken vertically need to be rotated so that you can view them without suffering a crick in your neck. Besides, it's advised that you correctly orient all your photographs before you burn them onto a CD. Now the best 'free' tool for the task is something you don't even need to download: It's Windows Explorer itself.Navigate to the directory to which you have copied your pictures, and set the folder view to either Large Icons or Extra Large Icons so you can identify which photos need to be rotated by looking at their image previews. Then, holding down the Ctrl key, select only those photos that need to be rotated clockwise. After that, right-click your mouse button on any one of the selected photos, and from the menu that appears, scroll down to Rotate clockwise. Sit back and watch it happen. Repeat procedure for counter-clockwise pictures.REMOVE BLEMISHES AND WRINKLESIf you've never used photo-editing software before, then you might want to start with www.citrify.com. This is an application that runs completely off the web so you will require a decent internet connection and a browser that supports Adobe Flash.Citrify provides a simple interface that will let you reduce wrinkles and blemishes in portraits - and will even help you to get rid of that pesky redeye effect in pictures.It also provides basic options to adjust an image's brightness, contrast, hue, and saturation. To reduce wrinkles in your photos for example, go to Touchup &gt; Wrinkles in the main toolbar. Then use your mouse to 'paint' over the affected areas to visibly reduce the lines. The Touchup menu also includes options such as Airbrush (to smooth out skin tone), Blemish (to remove freckles and pimples), Glare (to remove skin shine), Red-eye (to remove red eye ) and Toothbrush (to whiten teeth). If you're looking for a few more options, you might also want to consider www.fotor.com. This online app not only allows you to carry out basic edits-tone and colour adjustments , lens correction, crop, rotate, resize-to your picture, but also throws in a few extras such as pre-set effect filters and digital frames.Tip: If you're going to be using online software like Citrify, it is advisable that you create smaller-sized versions of your photographs. For instance, if you have shot your photos using your 12-megapixel camera, it would be prudent to resize your pictures to the size you want to print them (usually 6x4 inches) before you start editing them online. This will not only create lighter files for upload, but will also reduce the processing time.CREATING ONLINE ALBUMS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ipoh (malaysia)", "code": "13779647", "title": "India beat Britain 3-1 to bag bronze in Azlan Shah Cup", "text": "IPOH (MALAYSIA): Five-time champions India came from behind to stun Great Britain 3-1 and clinch the bronze medal in the Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament on Sunday.India dominated the match, but squandered several scoring opportunities to concede the lead to pre-tournament favourites Great Britian before staging a spirited comeback in the second session.Shivendra Singh (42nd minute), Sandeep Singh (52nd) and Tushar Khandekar (69th) scored for India after Ashley Jackson (35th) put Great Britain ahead at the stroke of half time.India had earlier lost 2-3 to Great Britain, world's fourth ranked side, in their round robin league encounter, but Michael Nobbs' boys played a composed game.India's domination began in the first minute when they made the first foray into the rival circle from the left flank through Sarvanjit Singh who sent a through pass for Shivendra, but the Indian striker failed to utilise the chance as he ran into a crowd of British defenders.In the seventh minute, Shivendra was slow in having a crack at the goal from close range after SV Sunil pushed in from the right.India were soon awarded their first penalty corner when Rupinder Pal Singh was obstructed on top of the circle by Dan Fox, but the opportunity was wasted as Danish Mujtaba could not stop the push.Shivendra again had a good look at the goal in the 15th minute when he had only the goalkeeper to beat, but his shot lacked power and was easily palmed away.Four minutes later S K Uthappa was unable to deflect in a diagonal ball from Shivendra.After a series of misses, the Indians were guilty of conceding the lead to Great Britain in the final minute of the opening half when Jackson converted the European team's first penalty corner with a rising flick into the net.Soon after the change of ends, Great Britain forced another penalty corner, but this time Jackson's shot was deflected out by the Indian defenders.India finally managed to draw parity in the 42nd minute when Shivendra pushed in a square-pass from Uthappa, who set up the goal with an impressive run from the right.Continuing to dominate, India forced their second penalty corner 10 minutes later, and this time Sandeep scored with a fierce drag flick high into the goal for a 2-1 lead.The Indian strikers created two more scoring opportunities, but failed to shoot past British goalkeeper James Fair.Trailing 1-2, Great Britain made a desperate move and pulled its custodian Fair out of the field in the 68th minute to add another player in search of the equaliser.The move backfired as it created the opening for India's third goal in the penultimate minute.Sandeep sent an ariel ball to an unmarked Khandekar inside the rival circle, which the latter just had to get control of the ball and push into an open goal, and he duly accomplished the task to seal India's victory.Earlier, South Korea secured the fifth position when they defeated hosts Malaysia 3-2 in the fifth-sixth position playoff match.Hyun Hye-Sung (1st minute), Jang Jong-Hyun (42nd) and You Hyo-Sik (50th) scored for South Korea, while Hafifi Hafiz (17th) and Faisal Saari (63rd) shot on target for the home team.For the first time in the history of the tournament, Pakistan finished at the bottom of the table in the seventh position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13755296", "title": "To die and be reborn in writing", "text": "Like a banyan tree, author UR Ananthamurthy has drawn myriad thirsty minds to his sphere of knowledge. This sphere is a haven of invigorating thoughts, branching into sparkling lights of wisdom, as the world learns of the author's first literary work, Preethi Mruthyu Bhaya.Q: We learn that much before your far-reaching novel Samskara, you wrote Preethi Mruthyu Bhaya. When did it happen?A: It happened in 1959. I was a lecturer in Hassan and had decided to marry my student Esther. My brother Venkatesh had gone to Kochi for training. He told me that when he got a job in Calcutta, he'd send me a telegram. I did receive a telegram, but from Venkatesh's friend, saying my brother was dead. My parents didn't want me to have an inter-religion marriage and Esther's parents wanted me to convert to Christianity. I was opposed to both.Q: What is Esther's role in complementing your life as an author par excellence?A: Esther and I have had many differences. We both feel sorry for the hurt we cause each other and forget about it. She has saved me from egoistic pride, and also both my children, who are fearlessly critical of my emotional outbursts.Q: Propounded as the most important representative of the Navya movement, your social-themed writings address existentialist and covert commentaries laid down by 'norms'. Comment.A: A writer should be aware of the \"other\" point of view and should go through \"intellectual suffering\" before coming to a decision and acting. I have sometimes failed in my way of thinking and my actions. But fear of failure must not make you a coward.Q: You constantly dilate between rural India, the urban milieu and the Western world. Often, these eye-opening portrayals talk of one world. Do you believe in one world?A: Yes, I believe in one world with several cultural centres. There must be no hierarchy in such a world of my dream. I have lived in medieval as well as modern times, not sequentially, but simultaneously. That's India, a place where all times co-exist, unlike in Europe where history moves in a linear fashion. There, writers recreate their past through learning. But in India, it is a part of our own growing-up experience -- in my case it is village Melige, Thirthahalli, Shimoga and Mysore and then Birmingham, and many other places in Europe and USA.Q: Between Melige to Mysore and Birmingham, where was Ananthamurthy, the master-thinker born?A: I was physically born in Melige (the small house is still there), but was reborn in many other places.Q: Despite your fans and family, as writers often feel, do you experience lone journeys of the mind, where you feel no one can reach?A: To say no one can reach me is arrogance. More importantly, I can't fully grasp the inner life of another, however much I love that person. One writes to transcend the lonely person in oneself.Q: Through your political involvement, you have opposed the BJP. What ideology would deem India democratic? Are your emotions impacted by your Brahmin lineage?A: I have fought within myself the Brahmin arrogance of superiority. Some of the most respected writers in my 80 years of life belong to all castes. I have deep bonds with them. Unless you cease to belong to your caste emotionally and intellectually, you cannot be creative. If you cling to your caste, you begin living in a small world. Now, I believe only in Sarvodaya.Q: Preethi Mruthyu Bhaya lies open-ended. Does this link up to the current literary situation of breathing life into work, first hand?A: I wrote it when I was 27, experiencing deep pain, anxiety and an irritating self-hatred. I did not read the manuscript until my friend Ja Na Tejashree recovered it from an old trunk and carefully typed it. Did I feel embarrassed to read a deeply personal text? Yes and no. I saw how my literary journey had begun and to be sure, I gave it to Vivek Shanbhag, a sensitive writer. He felt it should be published. I have always strived to make an intensely personal experience into a metaphorical text to share. I am haunted by these words in Shakespeare's Tempest: 'Full fathom five thy father lies/ Of his bones are corals made/ Those are pearls that were his eyes\". Perhaps an ideal only, but all writers strive for this; to die and be reborn in your writing. The old all-knowing self is a prison of opinions. One needs to cast the old self off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758464", "title": "HSC results: Most prizes in Pune division for city students", "text": "PUNE: Students from prominent city colleges dominated the list of prize winners for various subjects in the March 2012 HSC (Std XII) examination in Pune division of the Maharashtra state board for secondary and higher secondary education.The Pune divisional board on Saturday released the details of the prize winners along with the marksheets.The HSC results were announced online on May 25.Fifteen of the total 21 prizes have gone to students from colleges in Pune city.Sir Parsurambhau (SP) college's Isha Aniruddha Oak won five prizes for scoring a perfect 100 to top in mathematics. Isha's overall aggregate was 89.67%.Of the remaining six prizes, three each have gone to students from Ahmednagar and Solapur districts, which are part of the Pune divisional board. Pooja Gajanan Goyal from the A D Joshi junior college, Zune in Solapur, bagged three prizes for emerging top in physics with a score of 100.Pooja's aggregate score was 96%, which is the highest among all the prize winners. The second best aggregate among the prize winners was 95.50% scored by Manasi Sajan Khapke of Ahmednagar.For Pune, the prize-winning spree is all the more heartening considering that it fell way behind Ahmednagar and Solapur in terms of overall pass percentage this year. Against an overall pass percentage of 79.62 by Ahmednagar and 78.51 by Solapur, Pune's success rate was 72.61%. Pune division's pass percentage was 75.74.Four students from Fergusson College bagged five prizes for excelling in French, computer science and geography. Shrijita Pinaki Sengupta won two prizes for scoring the highest in French with 98 out of 100 marks. Shrijita's aggregate score was 90.50%.Shrinivas Vyankat Patil and Nikita Rajeev Tulpule, both from Fergusson College, won the prizes for topping the computer science subject. Nikita's prize was for topping among girls. While Shrinivas scored 200 marks, Nikita scored 199. Shrinivas' aggregate score was 93.50% while Nikita's was 93.33%.Shweta Aniruddha Joshi was the fourth Fergusson student, who won the first prize in geography subject with 92 out of 100 marks. Shweta's aggregate score was 91%. The college organized a grand function on Saturday evening to felicitate the subject toppers, along with the toppers in science and arts streams.S J Evelyn from the Rosary higher secondary school at Salunkhe Vihar, Kondhwa, bagged two prizes for standing first in English subject with 94 out of 100 marks. Evelyn's aggregate score was 90.97%.Suraj Dilip Bhame from the Laxmanrao Apte Prashala scored 100 marks to win the first prize in biology subject. Dilip's aggregate was 93.33%.Meanwhile, Akshay Mahadev Dhawate from the Vidyadham junior college at Shirur in Pune district won two prizes for topping in the physics, chemistry and mathematics (PCM) group with a score of 298 out of total 300 marks for these subjects, and in chemistry subject with 100 marks. Akshay's aggregate score was 90.17%.In languages, Shweta Madhukar Khomne from Maharaja Jivajirao Shinde junior college at Shrigonda in Ahmednagar district won the prize for topping Marathi subject with 93 out of 100 marks. Shweta's aggregate score was 90.83%.Similarly, Manasi Sajan Khapke from the Residential arts science and commerce junior college in Ahmednagar won the prize for topping in Sanskrit subject with full 100 marks. Manasi's aggregate score was 95.50.Jayashree Ramchandra Mhase from Bhagirathibai Tanpure high school at Rahuri in Ahmednagar won the board's prize for topping in home science and child care subject with 92 out of 100 marks. Jayashree's aggregate score was 78.50%.The junior colleges and high schools, too, distributed the marksheets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13748917", "title": "Director general of police pat for Navin arrest", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Director general of police G S Rath commended the combined efforts of the CRPF 22nd battalion, Jharkhand Armed Police and the district police in arresting the CPI Maoist zonal commander Naveen Manjhi and his associates on Tuesday. Manjhi was cornered in a joint operation in the dense Gidhania forest in Bishnugarh of Hazaribagh.Speaking at a felicitation ceremony of the police and CRPF officers at the Hazaribag Police Lines here, Rath said the recent feat had made the Jharkhand police proud.The DGP handed over cash prize of Rs 7.21 lakh to about 200 police personnel including constables and inspectors of the CRPF and JAP for their success in the operation. In addition to this, he said, another Rs 10 lakh had been sanctioned as cash prize for the police personnel by the state government which would also be handed over soon.While Rath praised the police for nabbing a key leader seen as a prize catch, he also appealed to the Maoists to surrender and accept the compensatory package designed by the government for bringing the members of the red outfit into the main stream of society.The function was attended by the Jharkhand police top brass. Earlier, welcoming the DGP and the other officials the SP Hazaribag, Pankaj Kamboj said the function had been arranged in a short notice for felicitating the policemen. He said in the function DSP and other police officials of the same rank were given letters of appreciation for their achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13758448", "title": "Philanthropy, funded by pocket money!", "text": "NAGPUR: What do most children spend their pocket money on? Food and drinks, movies and outings, clothes and candies and several other comforting stuff, right? There are a few kids who decided to use the money that they get from their parents for sponsoring the education of children less privileged then themselves and providing comforts to inmates of old age homes among other things.It all started with a few students of Jain International School deciding to render some good to the society with their own resources. This made these Std X students come up with the idea of pooling in a part of their pocket money to use for the causes that they deemed fit. Eventually, more than 40 students from Std IX and Std X formed an organization that they christened 'Constructivity' - a mash-up of the words 'constructive' and 'activity'.Since most students had to appear for the board examination this year, the first cause that they embraced was sponsoring the education of around 300 children from less privileged families for one academic year. \"We wanted to spend some time with those kids but our exams kept us busy and that could not happen. However, the next thing we did earned us all many grandparents whom we spent much time with,\" said Shubham Jejani, one of the students in the core group.Their second undertaking was to help the residents of the old age home in Mure Memorial Hospital, both in cash and in kind. \"We spent time with them, which also earned us many priceless blessings. We saw that they were in need of a few things which we provided them,\" said another student Purvi Agrawal.The group did not want to take the help of any organization, not even NGOs. \"The idea was to do all that we wished to all by ourselves as the GenNext of the country,\" said Yash Jain. That has been the reason why these children have decided to take up causes where they can do everything by themselves or at least see their efforts bearing fruits for themselves.Egged on by the encouragement of the elders around them, the children have now come up with the idea of one good deed per month. \"There are plans of activities like blood donation camps, collection of discarded and old clothes and taking them to the slums for distribution among others,\" said Shrejit Jain.Now most of the Constructivity members have left the school. However, this would not put a full stop to the good work they have started. \"We have created pages of the group on social networking sites and would keep in touch through them. This would also help us enrol new members irrespective of their geographical location,\" said Abhishek Paliwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750308", "title": "Nizam-era Chest Hospital in ruins", "text": "HYDERABAD: Everybody is eagerly awaiting the ensuing monsoon but not the authorities and patients at the AP General and Chest Hospital at Erragadda. Over the last few days, doctors here have been living on tenterhooks fearing that the hospital housed in the over-a-century-old Irranuma Palace might give way because of rain.The building, though declared unfit for use by the AP Health, Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation, roads and buildings department as well as the GHMC, is still being used due to space crunch despite weak walls and massive leakages in the roof. Currently, around 100 patients are being accommodated on the ground floor and what remains of the first floor of the two-storied structure. The roof of the other half portion on the first floor has collapsed.Authorities said that the pulmonary department, acute respiratory unit, sterilization, X-ray units and the department dealing with lung problems are functioning from the dilapidated premises. \"Fortunately we have been safe all these years but the structure has gone from bad to worse. We have been asking for a separate building for several years now but there is no headway,\" says a doctor.Dr P N S Reddy, superintendent, Chest Hospital, said that the government would have to take responsibility for any eventuality. \"Due to massive leakages, patients are forced to sleep under the cots whenever it rains. We have no right to play with the lives of patients,\" says Dr Reddy, who had earlier even put in his papers to protest the poor condition of the hospital, which was not accepted.Doctors say that the 65-acre premise has vast vacant land and new construction can be taken up without any hassles.The 740-bed teaching-cum-general hospital and medical college announced by the state government on the premises of the hospital in January 2008 has also hit a roadblock. The TB and Chest Hospital at S R Nagar currently sits on 65 acres, of which only a part is occupied by the hospital buildings and the rest is open space.For close to two decades now, successive health secretaries and ministers have recommended that the hospital be turned into a general hospital but the plan has remained on paper.Built nearly a century ago and donated by the VII Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan, the structure was identified as a heritage building but its recognition is still pending with the heritage committee of the HMDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13756317", "title": "Transit of Venus on June 6", "text": "A rare celestial phenomenon of the transit of the planet Venus through the solar disc will take place on June 6. The transit begins at 3.10am and will end at 9.52am. In Goa, the sun will rise with the transit in progress at 6.03am. This is the last transit of the century and the next will occur only in 2117. The public astronomical observatories of the Association Of Friends Of Astronomy at Junta House, Panaji; Ravindra Bhavan, Margao and Terrace Boshan building, Mapusa, will be kept open at 6am for members of the general public. The Venus transit observation will also be conducted at the rural astronomy centres at the Vidyaprasarak high school, Morjim, and Vivekanand high school, Borim. The viewing will be subject to weather conditions.Dak adalat: The office of the postmaster general Goa region, Panaji, will hold the 16th regional-level dak adalat at 3 pm on June 12 at its office. Complaints/grievances regarding postal services pertaining to the Goa region, which have not been settled within six weeks will be entertained at the dak adalat. The complaints relating to mails, speed post, counter services, saving banks and non-payment of money orders will be considered. Complaint raised should contain details like date, name and designation of the officer to whom original complaint was addressed. Those interested may send their complaint regarding postal services in duplicate to P R Joshi, secretary, dak adalat and assistant director, postal services, office of postmaster general, Goa region, Panaji on or before June 6.Seminar on the Book of Genesis: The Jesuit Fathers of Pedro Arrupe Institute, Raia are restarting the Deepen Your Faith programme for the academic year 2012-13. The first seminar will be held at Pedro Arrupe Institute on the June 9 (4.30pm) and June 10 (5pm) on the theme of the first 11 chapters of the Book of Genesis which deals with various creation stories as recorded in the Bible. These accounts provide the foundations of the Christian outlook of God, the world and the human person. The last date of registration is June 7. The course on Genesis 1-11 will also take place on a weekly basis - every Monday (7pm to 8pm) from June 11 to July 16 at Jesuit House, Panaji; every Tuesday (6.30pm to 7.30pm) from June 12 to July 17 at Holy Rosary Church, Caranzalem; every Wednesday (7pm to 8pm) from June 13 to July 18 at Holy Family Church, Porvorim; and every Thursday (6.30pm to 7.30pm) from June 14 to July 19 at St Britto's HS, Mapusa. For further details and registration call Ph: 2776998, 2858323, 2776917 or 8805570108, or email:deepenyourfaith@gmail.com.CME programme on chronic pain management: The Indian Society of Anaesthesiologists (ISA), Goa state, will organize a continuing medical education (CME) programme in anesthesiology on chronic pain management on June 10 at Hotel Orion, Porvorim. Registration is open to doctors from all specialties. For details and registration contact Dr Amit Gadre (Ph: 9822954110).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13767690", "title": "Teenaged son of DLW employee murdered", "text": "VARANASI: Vishwajit Singh, the 17-year-old son of a class-IV DLW employee Manoj Singh was murdered in a field near Pahadigate, under the jurisdiction of Manduadih police, on Saturday morning.According to reports, some passers-by noticed the body of Vishwajit lying in a pool of blood. He was hacked to death. The bricks used in hitting his head were also lying near the body. The torn pieces of his clothes lying near the body hinted that the youth had struggled with the killers before his death. The police reached there and also called the dog squad. The motive of the killing is yet to be ascertained. Manoj accused his neighbour for killing Vishwajit.Sensation prevailed in Tilmapur area in Sarnath, when the body of an unidentified youth, aged around 25 years, was found lying about 15 yards away from Varanasi-Ghazipur highway on Saturday morning. Injury marks were noticed on the head. During initial investigation, police came to a conclusion that he died in an accident.Woman shot: Chinta Devi (50), a native of Daranagar Semari village, under the jurisdiction of Madihan police, in Mirzapur district was shot in her residence on Friday night. On receiving information of the incident, Chinta's daughter reached the village from Sonebhadra and lodged a named FIR against her stepbrother Izhar for killing her mother. Land dispute is suspected to be the reason for the killing.Mystery shrouds woman's death: Zahida Khatun (23), a native of Pahadi Kakarmatta in Manduadih died under mysterious conditions at her residence on Saturday. She was married to Ishtiaqullah about eight years back. Her father Mohammad Mahfooz Alam gave a complaint to the police, alleging that his daughter was killed for dowry. Police are waiting for the post mortem report to know the cause of death, before registering a case. Several sustain acid burns: As many as eight persons, including a woman sustained acid burns when someone threw acid during a group clash in Jamalpur locality in Mohammadabad police station in Ghazipur on Saturday.According to reports, Shobhnath Gupta has his residence in front of the house of Sunil Kasera in Jamalpur locality. The enmity started between the two families when a youth of Shobhnath's family fled with a girl of Kasera's family seven years back. Since then they quarrelled on regular intervals. On Saturday morning Shobhnath's wife Phoolmati was collecting water from a handpump outside her residence, when Kasera allegedly used obscene words targeting her. On hearing it, Phoolmati's son Sonu came out of his residence and raised objection.The two families then started fighting. In the meantime, someone threw acid due in which Shobhnath, Phoolmati and their sons Sonu, Sunil and Deepak and Suresh and Shrichand and Arun of Kasera family sustained burn injuries. They were rushed to the district hospital. Both the groups gave complaints against each other.One killed: One labourer died and16 others suffered injuries when a tractor trolley overturned in Dharajpur village of Rampur Barkonia area in Sonebhadra district on Saturday. The injured persons were rushed to district hospital where the condition of four was stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13754546", "title": "Dissidents' tribal rally now on June 10", "text": "VADODARA: The tribal rally at Panchmahal district that was to be attended by baiters of chief minister Narendra Modi is now scheduled on June 10. The rally was earlier planned on Monday, but had hit a roadblock over issues regarding permissions and had to be rescheduled.The rally was initially planned in Ranjitnagar in Ghoghamba taluka of Panchmahal district on Monday. While various tribal leaders were named as organizers, it was seen essentially as a show by Mahagujarat Janata Party (MJP) and other Modi baiters.The denial of permission for the rally on Monday had itself raked up a major controversy with the organizers and MJP leaders alleging that prominent BJP leaders had worked overnight to ensure that the local panchayat wrote a letter objecting to the event. It was following the letter that Ghoghamba mamlatdar denied permission.The rescheduled rally will now be held at Kankoda Koi village in Ghoghamba taluka, about a kilometre away from the location selected earlier. This time around the organizers have sought permission along with a letter from the panchayat giving a nod for the event. \"The mamlatdar has sought the opinion of the police and has assured that the permission will be through by Monday,\" MJP state general secretary Jaykant Patel said.Patel, however, added that the event would now be held irrespective of the permission. \"The senior leaders too have agreed to this. They have told us just to inform the administration that an event is being organized and not wait for the permission,\" he said.Former chief minister Keshubhai Patel and Suresh Mehta are expected to attend the meet besides prominent leaders from the rebel camp like MJP chief Gordhan Zadaphia, former Union minister Kashiram Rana , former state minister Nalin Bhatt, former Rajkot MLA Siddharth Parmar and former Surat mayor Fakirbhai Chauhan. RSS veteran Bhaskarrao Damle as well as VHP and Bharatiya Kisan Sangh leaders are also expected to remain present.The organizers claimed that the state government had also swung into action and senior officers from Gandhinagar were asking details regarding the issues to be raised at the rally. \"They wanted to know what were our major issues and why the rally was being held. I told them some key points,\" Parbatsinh Damor of Vanvaasi Yuva Sangathan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13754263", "title": "Doctors say go slow on diabetic drug after study sees cancer risk", "text": "CHENNAI: Doctors in India are seeking restraint in the use of commonly used anti-diabetic drug pioglitazone after studies showed that it increases the risk of bladder cancer. Diabetologists in India say they are already seeing bladder cancers even among those who have been on lower dosages of the drug for two years or more.Piolglitazone, sold under many brand names such as Glizone and Pioz in India, is a prescription drug of the thiazolidinedione class that is used to bring down sugar levels in diabetics. Another medication in the same class, rosiglitazone, was withdrawn from the market in 2010 following studies showed increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. Now, a study published in the British Medical Journal has said exposure to the pioglitazone for two years may more than double the risk of developing bladder cancer. The bladder cancer risk among patients taking the drug increases by about 83% compared to the rest of the population, the researchers said.Of the 115,727 patients in the UK who were part of the study, 470 of them were found to have bladder cancer. This would mean that one in every 250 patients taking the drug for more than two years is at increased risk for cancer.There has been no detailed study on the effectiveness of the drug in India.US agency found drug increased risk of cancerSome doctors say they are beginning to see new bladder cancer cases in people who have been taking lower doses (15mg) of the drug for two years.As a part of an ongoing study, Madras Diabetes Research Foundation has collected medical details of eight patients who developed bladder cancer after being prescribed pioglitazone. The patients were from Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Belgaum and Salem. \"None of them had bladder cancer before they were prescribed the drug. It is possible that even lower dosages increase the risk in Indians,\" said foundation director Dr V Mohan.The US Food and Drug Administration warned in June 2011 that taking pioglitazone for at least a year increased the risk of bladder cancer by at least 40%, and ordered the drug's manufacturer to note the risk on the drug's label. The drug is banned in some countries like France and Germany. Dr Mohan insists that the drug should be banned for new patients and those who have been on the drug should be warned about the risks.But some diabetologists argue that the benefits outweigh risks and the drug has not been shown as the cause of bladder cancer, and the researchers themselves say that the risk applies to people who have been taking the maximum dosage -- 45mg every day -- for two years. They also add that it should be continued as no risk has been proved for those taking 15mg and 30mg. \"It is one of the most effective drugs to bring sugar levels under control. Without this drug, the only option for the patient is insulin,\" said a senior diabetologist, refusing to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13758518", "title": "35 marriage party members hurt as matador turns turtle", "text": "NAGPUR: Thirty-five members of a marriage party were injured when the matador in which they were travelling turned turtle near Revral village in Mouda taluka on Saturday afternoon. The victims claimed that the driver was drunk. Many children were among those injured.The marriage party was heading from Revral to Chapegadi in Kuhi taluka when the driver Bhaurao Kullarkar lost control over the vehicle. To avoid collision with the oncoming vehicle, he swerved the matador and applied brakes leading to the mishap.Revral villagers rushed to help the injured while some people managed to come out of the vehicle. Seriously injured persons were rushed to Mayo and other private hospitals in city. Those who suffered minor injuries were taken to nearby rural hospitals.Mouda police are investigating the case.Tension after eunuch's mysterious deathTension prevailed in Motibagh area after a eunuch succumbed to burn injuries suffered at the Kala Mandir residence on Thursday evening. Mohammad Ikhtiyar alias Khushbu alias Neha Katariya had suffered 80% burn injuries and died during treatment at Mayo hospital on Saturday morning.Police said Ikhtiyar took the drastic step over a dispute with her partner. Residents claimed that fights and arguments between Ikhtiyar and her partner was a regular affair. On Thursday also the couple had exchanged heated words and Ikhtiyar allegedly set herself ablaze.Her partner fled the spot while the residents rushed Ikhtiyar to Mayo hospital. On Friday night, Ikhtiyar's friends nabbed the partner and thrashed him badly until Pachpaoli police reached the spot and controlled the mob.Ikhtiyar's friends and relatives claimed that she was set ablaze by her partner. Police have registered a case of an accidental death.Hookah parlour raidedActing on a tip-off, Tehsil police raided a city hotel on Central Avenue on Saturday evening running a hookah parlour illegally.During the raid, five youngsters were found consuming hookah and were nabbed. Sources said that the hotel is owned by a well-known businessman and hotelier of the city. At present, the hotel has been given to one of the family friends.Cops sent the youngsters for medical test. The raid was being conducted till late in the night and the police were yet to book the owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13755143", "title": "Power bills to go up slightly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: From June 1 your power bill will increase by 10 paise per unit. The Gujarat Electricity Regulatory Commission (GERC) on Saturday took suo moto decision on the price hike for the first time after none of the four state owned distribution companies filed their tariff petitions keeping in mind the election year. It was only Torrent Power Limited (TPL) that had pleaded for the routine 10 paise hike in January this year according to GERC officials.The hike will not be applicable for the first 50 units on the consumption bill of residential and agricultural consumers for areas that are supplied electricity by state owned companies. In areas covered by TPL, this exemption is only for residential areas. This arrangement is a respite for the lower income families. The GERC also announced that the hike will not be applicable to Below Poverty Line (BPL) consumers.GERC chairman P K Mishra said though the hike was marginal, the overall bills of a large number of consumers will reduce from July if the quarterly Fuel and Power Purchase Price Adjust (FPPPA) charges reduce by 16 paise for state owned power companies. In Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar and Surat, which has TPL as its electricity supplier, GERC expects a 20 paise reduction in FPPPA charges from July and will help overall reduction in the bills of consumers.\"The hike is a marginal 1.53 per cent in Gujarat as compared to some industrialized states where tariffs have gone up by 37 per cent. This year we have even revised the formula for calculating tariff rates. Earlier the companies used to calculate tariff on per unit, but this year we have asked them to calculate on the basis of fixed costs,\" says Mishra.The additional revenue that is projected out of the hike is Rs 329 crore according to GERC. The commission has revised the Aggregate Revenue Requirement (ARR) for all the four state owned distribution companies. As a result of which the resultant revenue gap was worked out to be Rs 240 crore. In case of TPL the overall gap of Rs 116 crore was estimated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13756334", "title": "Skirting the issue", "text": "Skirts are fast disappearing from the uniform counters of city schools. The old cantonment town that once boasted of the snazziest kits for school-going teens is increasingly beginning to play the conservative card. Schools-long-standing institutions and the new international variety - are opting for trousers and shorts for high school students, some even dallying with salwar suits as a way to curb expressions of teenage sexuality.While a good section of Bangalore's student fraternity has embraced the shorts and trousers code, a fair number of the downtown schools, are still romancing the old uniform. Sushmita Azad, who did her schooling in Sophias, wearing a wrap skirt, did her plus two in NAFL, where she oscillated between skirts on non-sports days to shorts when the daily curriculum included physical education. \"I prefer shorts,\" Sushmita said, \"I understand that skirts are ladylike and stuff, but honestly at this age, I just like to be and shorts let you be.\" Contrastingly Suprita Dwarakanath, 15, a student of Frank Anthony Public School, a co-educational institution, said she was comfortable with her A-line uniform. Suprita said, \"Our dresses are knee-length and we team them with cycling shorts. Its comfortable. Maybe trousers would've been a good option on some days, but really the dresses work just fine.\"St Francis Xavier, another of the popular old schools, turned its back on the trusted skirt-and-shirt combination not so long ago to flirt with the salwar way. Needless to say that the move didn't go down well with either the student or parent community which forced the school to revert to their old style.Anita Gracias, a counsellor with SAHAI Helpline, who has worked extensively with school children, wondered what exactly was achieved by switching uniforms from skirts to trousers or shorts.\"Does it really protect the child?\" she asked, \"What happens when a student comes up with a pair of inappropriately tight, low slung trousers? In the end, whatever she may chose to wear, it is the child inside the uniform you are addressing. Hopefully all these fine institutions are more focussed in instilling the right core values in the child rather than drum down a dress code that doesn't really count for much.\" The reasoning behind the curtain of restrictions isn't just the bane of the student community it is also rubbing teachers the wrong way. A member of staff of one of the old institutions, who didn't wish to be named, fumed at the rules which required teachers to police clothes teenagers wore. She said, \"I am tired of checking whether the girls in my class are wearing the right lengths, whether they are hitching up their skirts or are wearing form-fitting blouses. I am not sure if an inch here or an inch there is going to make such a big differnce to a young girl's life, but I am plenty sure that what I teach the child in the classroom is going to make a differnce to her life.\"Tara Mehta, a freelance writer, whose five-year-old daughter studies in Prakriya Green Wisdom School, is allowed to chose her own clothes. She said, \"The school doesn't have uniforms at the primary stage or later; what they do have are house tees that the children have to wear on specified days. At my daughter's age, this is once a week. They are allowed to choose their own bottom-wear . Initially we were not sure if not having uniforms was a good idea __ we felt it might encourage children to show off, wear their best clothes and turn everyday into a fashion parade.\" Mehta added that as she learnt the school's philosophy which was to make learning and education as un-institutionalised an activity as possible , she understood that having an uniform would just not work. She said, \"I see my daughter reaching for sensible shorts, track-pants and tees while going to school because she knows those are comfortable. This inculcates responsibility in the child.\"Schools themselves are split on the subject of high-school girls wearing skirts as uniforms.Shweta Sastri, executive director of the Canadian International School, said more and more senior school girls are opting for trousers. CIS, one of the more popular international schools in the city, allows its students the choice of skirts or trousers. Sastri, who is the board representative available at the CIS on a daily basis, said, \"I think trousers work because they are comfortable, casual and easy. It's hassle free.\"Dr Abraham Ebenezer, founder of the Ebenezer International school, however begged to differ. His institution, which also gives its high school students a choice between skirts and trousers, reported no more than five per cent of the girls picking trousers over skirts. Ebenezer said, \"We have a strict dress code and there's no compromising on the length. Skirts are wonderful and that's how school girls have always dressed. And from what I see in my school, the skirt culture isn't dying.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13749077", "title": "Windfall in store for IPL players", "text": "NEW DELHI: There's more good news for the IPL's cash-rich cricketers.The Indian cricket board (BCCI) has issued new guidelines stipulating that IPL franchisees interested in playing 'friendly' matches outside the country will have to sign fresh contracts with their players for the same. This means contracted players can earn more money, over and above their existing IPL contracts, if their teams are playing outside India.The BCCI sent a mail to all team owners on Saturday which said players will have to be \"separately contracted\" for these friendly matches. \"IPL will distribute a template player contract which must be used for the IPL franchise players,\" BCCI said. \"All contracts signed by the franchise in respect of the friendly match must be disclosed to IPL, who will have a right to audit all income received by the franchise in respect of the friendly match (whether directly or indirectly).\"This development comes after the BCCI working committee recently approved the suggestion that IPL franchises be allowed to play 'out-of-season' matches outside India. The board said that all friendly matches will continue to require IPL approval.Each team can play up to three friendly matches in a calendar year during the months of June, July and August. \"All (these) matches will be defined as any matches played by the franchise under the franchise team name excluding IPL matches, CLT20 matches, warm-up games played in advance of the IPL or CLT20 seasons and closed doors practice matches with no commercial exploitation,\" BCCI said.The friendly matches can't overlap with matches involving the Indian team. BCCI will provide match officials (four umpires, one match referee) and anti-corruption and anti-doping services for the friendly matches. The franchise will pay the BCCI a fixed fee as cost reimbursement for providing these officials and services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13759522", "title": "Civic body still has no mechanism to check quality of supply water", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Despite taking a decision to put in place a mechanism to check the quality of drinking water supplied in corporation areas at the earliest, the civic body has not done anything about it so far.The decision came about after councillor C P Salim moved a calling attention motion in this regard in the council this April.The council, after much debate, had decided to entrust the job to the Centre for Water Resources Development and Management (CWRDM).However, the corporation has so far not initiated any move to check the quality of water supplied from its three main water resources at Neelichira, Mananchira and Thamarakulam.CWRDM officials confirmed that they had not received any official communication about the proposal so far.Madhavan Komath, a scientist at the water quality division of CWRDM, said during a formal talk held with the corporation secretary, he was asked to set up a permanent mechanism to check the quality of water.\"Water is being supplied from Mananchira throughout the year. But there is no mechanism to check the quality of water. We had also told the civic body about the importance of preparing a proposal that will ensure continuous monitoring of water being supplied,\" said Madhavan.He said they had proposed a project that envisaged collecting water samples from various corners, as well as advising people on remedial measures to ensure safe drinking water.\"We also proposed the need to set up a treatment plant at Mananchira to test the quality of water throughout the year. The corporation secretary had agreed to look into the matter. But we have not received any proposal regarding this so far,\" said Madhavan.Meanwhile, officials at the regional analytical lab attached to the ground water department at the civil station said the lab had been receiving water samples from the public. This lab was set up two years ago to cater to the needs of Kozhikode, Kannur, Kasaragod and Wayanad districts.\"We generally find coliform bacteria in the water samples we receive from corporation areas. Chlorination of water can ensure zero coliform in the water being supplied,\" said an official at regional analytical lab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13770472", "title": "Upset Congress terms Baba Ramdev, Anna's joint fast infantile", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress party on Sunday hit back at yoga guru Baba Ramdev and veteran social activist Anna Hazare for sitting on a daylong fast against corruption and for their demand for a stronger Lokpal Bill, describing it as an infantile and uncalled for approach.Senior Congress leader K Keshav Rao expressed disapproval of the daylong protest called by Team Anna and Baba Ramdev, and emphasized that the entire nation wants corruption to be fought at all levels.\"This is an infantile approach, absolutely uncalled for approach. What Anna wanted about corruption, the entire nation knows corruption has to be fought and it is fighting. He has brought it to the nation's focus because for 40 years we have been thinking of Lokpal,\" said Keshav Rao.\"According to me, Lokpal is not a silver bullet, which will go and chase and catch a person. There are a plethora of laws, which deal with it. What we require is some kind of a golden link, which will bring them all together and coordinate,\" he added.Keshav Rao pointed out that for the first time in the history of Parliament, a private group was invited to assist in the drafting of a bill.\"We have invited a private group to come and sit and draft a bill. The government has taken it seriously, the nation has taken the issue seriously, the spirit of the agitation seriously. And we are doing it, but you must give scope for everybody to speak,\" he said.Baba Ramdev and Anna Hazare began their daylong fast against corruption at the Parliament Street here earlier this morning.Both Baba Ramdev and Hazare, who will highlight the demand for the return of black money stashed away by Indians abroad during their fast, visited Mahatma Gandhi's memorial at Rajghat earlier this morning. The two spent some time meditating at Rajghat. Baba Ramdev also visited the nearby Shahid Park.This is for the first time that Baba Ramdev and Hazare are sitting on a joint fast. Team Anna members Arvind Kejriwal , Kiran Bedi and Manish Sisodia will be joining Hazare and Ramdev during today's fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750581", "title": "Counselling centre to reopen with legal experts on board", "text": "HYDERABAD: The family counselling centre at South Zone DCP's office in Purani Haveli, that was closed down six months after it was launched following allegations of inept handling of cases of domestic violence, will be reopened on June 7 by bringing in some legal experts on the panel of counsellors.The centre which became popular with the women in the Old City initially began facing allegations that instead of taking penal action against the culprits it was advising the complainants to accept their fate. Several women who were not satisfied with the handling of their complaints went to the courts to get their grievances redressed. Even the courts took exception to the police counselling in several cases.DCP Akun Sabharwal who took charge in April studied the reasons behind the closure of the centre. He felt that it should be reconstituted and reopened since it was providing the much needed speedy solution to the many issues of domestic violence faced by the women.According to sources the centre was opened in December last year to mainly tackle issues causing marital discord. Over 1500 complaints were received during its existence, with at least 12 women per day seeking its assistance in incidents related to domestic violence and dowry harassment. However, when most of the disputes were being settled by the cops through counselling without registration of cases even when required, objections were raised questioning the role of cops in counselling.Activists working for women welfare expressed apprehensions that the evil of domestic violence was being underplayed as counselling was becoming a panacea to atrocities against women. When disgruntled parties sought legal recourse, the courts in several cases reportedly took strong exception to police counselling. Following this, the centre had to be closed.Highlighting the magnitude of domestic violence in the Old City, officials at the domestic violence section in Hyderabad district collector's office inform that counselling is also their first move. But they further say that the legal sanction they have, under the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act to counsel women, cannot override a woman's will to register a case.\"The number of domestic harassment cases has been steadily increasing even since 2005 when the Act was enforced. We counsel the men and the women but if the woman wants to register a case, then we do it under the Domestic Violence Act. Legal assistance is provided to women from the state legal services. After an order is passed by the metropolitan magistrate we also have to ensure its implementation,\" said an official.Adding that the number of incidents from the Old City is higher than incidents from other areas, they say that their assistance is sought by at least by 10 women every day of which at least five are from the Old City. Since 2005, 2070 cases have been forwarded by the domestic violence section to the metropolitan magistrates.Sabharwal admitted that the courts had taken exception to police counselling . He told STOI that the centre will now have representatives from AP state legal services cell, department of child and women welfare, police and NGOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13754714", "title": "2 workers return to city from Angola", "text": "VADODARA: Two workers from the city, who were imprisoned in Angola following the agitation at a cement factory where they were working, returned to the city on Saturday. The workers have alleged excesses from the police and claimed that they had to face difficult time in the prisons in Angola.Jignesh Prajapati and Ashish Maheshwari reached the city via Mumbai in the afternoon. The duo had been detained on May 9 soon after the agitation over demands regarding their pending over time duty payments at the ETA Star International LLC cement plant and regularization of their visas. They were working on visitor visas and the company took no steps to get them working visas.According to Prajapati, \"Police were acting on the instructions of company officials and picking us up. They had fired shots in the air to disperse workers and one worker was even hit by a bullet. Those who were detained did not even get proper food at a prison in Sumbe.\"Prajapati claimed that they were given only buns and a preparation made by boiling corn flour as meals in the prison. \"This too was infested with worms. We even requested the company for food, but they did nothing,\" he said.Maheshwari told mediapersons that they were yet to get the money due to them. He said their complications increased as they found it difficult to find a lawyer and could not understand the local language. He said his money and other valuables were also missing from the camp where they used to stay.Earlier, four workers from the cement factory had returned to Gujarat. One of whom, Vijay Valmik, was from Petlad. Jitu Patel from Valsad, Ramkrishna Parmar from Jamnagar and Mahendra Patel from Bilimora had returned with him. The group had arrived in Mumbai via Uganda from Angola and then reached Vadodara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750758", "title": "Security stepped up for CBI joint director", "text": "HYDERABAD: In view of the fast-changing developments in the high-profile YSR Congress chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy assets case, the Cyberabad police on Saturday stepped up security at the residence of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) joint director VV Lakshminarayana.The Cyberabad police said that though there was no change in the personal security enjoyed by Lakshminarayana and CBI superintendent of police H Venkatesh, the security cover at CBI quarters, Madhapur, where the two officers stay, was beefed up by posting more personnel.As of now, both the officers enjoy 2+2 gunmen round-the-clock. Earlier, when their personal security was increased by the sate government as they were dealing with several high-profile cases, the officers refused security. However, they later accepted it after the state police informed them about threat to their lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "13753503", "title": "CM reviews progress of schemes in Bhagalpur", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Increase in the state revenue and progress in ongoing development-related projects in the district was the crux of CM Nitish Kumar's meeting with the state and district-level officials besides people's representatives at the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) building on the third day of his Seva Yatra in Bhagalpur district on Saturday.Presiding over the review of development programmes in the district, the CM asked the officials to speed up the schemes, remove obstacles if any and complete the ongoing works as per scheduled timeframe. No laxity in the development works would be tolerated by the state government and those found lacking in accomplishing the mission and vision of the state government would be brought to book, he added.Projecting a vision for the alround growth of the district, the CM said that flyovers and roads in the city would be constructed to remove traffic snarls. He also said that the construction of a city bypass road would start in November, 2012. Concerned over the lack of toilets in schools due to lack of space, the CM suggested to construct toilets in one of the rooms of the school and construct additional rooms on the upper floor of the building. He urged the people's representatives to assist in making inventory of schools that lack land in their respective areas so that some positive steps can be taken for the development of such schools. The CM said it should be done urgently and asked the principal secretary, education, to review complaints regarding shortage of mid-day meal at schools.When it was brought to the CM's notice that the land acquisition for Bihar Industrial Area Development Authority (BIADA) under Kahalgaon subdivision was proving difficult, the CM asked the principal secretary, revenue and land reforms, officials, director, BIADA, besides civil and police officials to work in tandem and take physical possession of the land acquired in the first phase. The CM directed the officials to complete the project related to construction of boundary of burial ground without delay.Referring to Prime Minister Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY), the CM asked officials to initiate steps for re-tender of 62 schemes which were pending since long. He also said that roads connecting Ismailpur block in Naugachhia police district would be constructed on priority basis. Other schemes reviewed by the CM included Janani Bal Suraksha Yojana, payment to ASHA workers through mobile money transfer system, housing to Mahadalits , issues related to MGNREGA, horticulture and dairy development.The CM said that land disputes are major issues hence officials concerned be given adequate training vis-a-vis Bihar Land Dispute Resolution Act, 2009 (amended 2010), so that all the land disputes in the state are resolved without delay. Ministers Narendra Singh, Vijay Kumar Chowdhary, Ashwini Kumar Choubey, BJP MP Shahnawaz Hussain, JD(U) and BJP MLAs and MLCs besides development commissioner Ashok Kumar Sinha and other officials from Bhagalpur and Banka districts were present at the review meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13773020", "title": "Pamela Anderson and Vivienne Westwood team up to save rainforests", "text": "Pamela Anderson has joined forces with British fashion designer Vivienne Westwood to save the rainforests.The Canadian-born star is said to have struck up a very unlikely friendship with 71-year-old Westwood and has gone to celebrate the anniversary of a rainforest charity.The 'Baywatch' star has just finished building up an eco home in Malibu, California, and wants to use her fame to talk about causes that she cares about.Now, like a modern-day Brigitte Bardot, Anderson is focusing on a role as a crusader for animal rights and the environment.\"On career day at school they get asked, What does your mummy and daddy do? and they say, My daddy's a rock star and my mum rescues animals.\" the Sun quoted Anderson as saying.\"I think people who are from LA dont always know what else is going on. Thats why I get involved in all these other things, because I know LA is not real,\"\"I've had a lot of fun but there are big issues in the world and climate change is the biggest issue, so I feel great that I've joined forces to try to do something towards changing things,\" she said.The push behind her interest was the brilliantly eccentric designer Westwood.\"I met her because we crossed paths in the entertainment industry. She reminds me a lot of my grandfather,\" Anderson said.\"He was very concerned about the earth, very intelligent. All my family is in Mensa you wouldnt believe that one, would you?\"\"But they are on both sides. It just skipped me but my kids are really smart.I read Vivienns manifesto at a modelling shoot and I was really interested.\"\"I don't have to draw you a map, you understand. We have the passion. You are using your celebrity in a good way. We just bonded and she has taken me under her wing and adopted me,\" she said about Westwood.\"So Vivienne and I have this wonderful reciprocal relationship and she is always sending me things and books and letters and I'm sending her things except her things are better than mine,\"When Vivienne had turned 70 last year, Anderson bought her 70 acres of rainforest for her birthday from a charity that she supported.\"Vivienne had spoken about a group called Cool Earth that was buying the rainforest but were giving it to the communities so they were really sponsoring it. They were making the rainforest more valuable standing than it is wiped out and I wanted to get involved,\" she said.\"We have to start prioritising and a lot of it has to do with being less consuming and more protective of the earth.\"I understand that everyone is hurting but sometimes when you take a leap of faith and you do the right thing, everything else falls into place. \"Now I'm happy to use my fame to get causes across. I know how it works. \"So go on use me,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13757534", "title": "Indian baggage", "text": "Sex determination tests and abortions happen not only in India but also in those parts of the West with sizable population of IndiansIn mid-April , a reproductive clinic's ad appeared in a newspaper for the Indo-Canadian community in British Columbia, inviting readers to \"create the family you want, boy or girl, for family balancing\" with the help of pre-conception sex selection. The two children in the ad wore ethnic Indian clothes.The newspaper withdrew the ad following public outrage, while the clinic was accused of targeting cultural attitudes that perpetuate discrimination against girls. But the writing was on the wall. For long, sex selection and female foeticide have been issues identified with countries like India and China where the usual rationales given include dowry, patriliny (descent or inheritance by the male line), one-child policy or dependence on kids' support in old age. But now, studies in Canada, Norway, US and UK show the persistence of this cultural attitude within the diaspora too.Dr Shiv Pande, a Liverpool-based general practitioner and a former treasurer of the General Medical Council in Britain, says: \"As they say, Indians, wherever they go, carry their curry, customs and cultural baggage. Sex selection of the foetus is quite common among British Indians, though not known widely.\"In 2007, two Oxford academics, Sylvie Dubuc and David Coleman, carried out a study of the sex ratio, using the annual birth registrations in England and Wales between 1969 and 2005, and found that there was \"indirect quantitative evidence of prenatal sex selection against females performed by a small minority of India-born women in England and Wales\" . Interestingly, the study found no such evidence regarding Pakistan-born and Bangladesh-born women living in England and Wales.Says Sylvie, \"Based on numbers from my previous work, I estimated the number of missing baby girls for the period 1990-2005 to be about 1500. Note that these figures relate to immigrant (i.e. India-born ) women only (and not UK-born women of Indian origin).\"In February 2012, an investigation by the UK's Daily Telegraph newspaper discovered that some clinics were prepared to carry out such abortions with few, if any, questions asked. Likewise, the British Columbia newspaper ad came just days after a study published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal (CMAG) analyzed 766,688 births in Ontario and found mothers born in South Korea and India were more likely to have boys for their second child. When it came to having a third child, the male-to-female ratio grew even more skewed for India-born mothers, who had 136 boys for every 100 girls (the world average ratio is 105:100).Lead researcher of the study and scientist at St Michael's hospital in Toronto, Joel G Ray, says, \"Women from India and South Korea who had previous children were significantly more likely to give birth to males. For India-born women with more than one prior child, the male-female ratios were even more pronounced.\" Ray, however, cautions that \"we (or anyone else) do not have direct evidence this is due to foetal sex selection.\" But Mahvish Parvez of the Indo-Canadian Women's Association in Edmonton , says, \"There is a strong suggestion that the skewed ratio is due to sex-selective abortion. We know that son preference strongly persists in immigrant communities.\"Many western nations have banned sex selection for non-medical purposes - the US is a notable exception. It is a profitable business there, with gender determination technologies easily available, both online and offline, and clients flying in from the UK, Australia and probably India too. In 2006, two professors from Columbia University , Douglas Almond and Lena Edlund, examined the year 2000 US Census data and found that while more boys than girls are born by a ratio of 1.05 to 1 among families of Chinese, Korean and Indian descent, the ratio increased if the first child was a girl. If the first two children are girls, the ratio was 50% greater in favour of boys.It's no surprise to community activists. Maneesha Kelkar, women's rights activist and former executive director of Manavi, a New Jersey-based organization, remembers taking a call from a woman who said she was sitting on the operating table in an abortion clinic and was being forced to have an abortion. \"She didn't tell me if the foetus was a girl, or why she was being told to have the abortion. When I asked what was preventing her from walking out, she said, 'My in-laws are in the waiting room' .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "field gunj", "code": "13750882", "title": "Campaigning gives Field Gunj an ugly look", "text": "FIELD GUNJ: The election fever is not amusing residents of Field Gunj one bit as their houses are being defaced with posters of various candidates being pasted on them without permission. Residents complain that supporters of candidates fight for space on walls of private property and electric and telephone poles making the area look ugly.Tanuj Mehta, a student of Field Gunj, said, ''As it is public property has long been a favourite for displaying posters but for the last four days political parties have started getting posters pasted on the walls of homes here in their eagerness to campaign.''Another student from the area, Muhammad Nadeem, said, ''It is good to fight MC election but there is no excuse for defacing private property. They have literally filled up all available space. Residents are not able to say much because politicians use their clout to silence them. Campaigning should be done decently and not like this. After election, people will be left to find ways of removing the posters that will leave their marks behind.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13774511", "title": "Demi Lovato wants to be married with kids in 10 years", "text": "Demi Lovato has revealed in a recent interview that she wants to wants a husband and a family in 10 years.The 19-year-old singer has dated the likes of pop star Joe Jonas, 22, and \"That 70's Sho\"w actor Wilmer Valderrama, 32, in the past.The popstar revealed what she would like in a guy.\"I don't have many deal breakers. I've done so much in my life, it doesn't feel right to judge other people,\" Fox News quoted Lovato telling Cosmopolitan magazine.Oh, I know one quality I won't tolerate. I would never be with a guy who is controlling,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13750162", "title": "Crime goes hand in hand with lack of education: Study", "text": "THANE: The tilt towards crime and delinquency is strongly linked to the high percentage of illiteracy among Muslims, states a research study on Muslim prisoners conducted by Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS) in 2009.The report based on interviews with 3,086 Muslim inmates across 15 jails in Maharashtra, reveals that 31% of the undertrials and convicts could not read or write, while another 61% could barely understand the written word having studied only up to Class IV.Only a small number of inmates from the minority community had completed their higher secondary education, while few had gone to college or completed their postgraduate degree, states the report by Dr Vijay Raghavan and Roshni Nair from the Centre for Criminology and Justice of TISS.\"If we add the percentage of illiterates to those educated up to the primary level. Only 0.6% had completed their graduation while the number of postgraduates was a marginal four,\" the 117-page survey report states.The study was complied after sessions with offenders, prison authorities, kin of the prisoner and representatives of voluntary groups working with inmates.Poverty and lack of education among Muslims have surfaced as the key reasons for them taking to crime, the report suggested. The highest number of illiterate inmates was found in Mumbai and Thane.Of the total 614 undertrials and convicts in Thane jail, 176 were had never been to school while 378 had barely attended primary school. Of the 709 inmates in Mumbai jails, 225 were uneducated and another 475 had studied only up to Class IV.A majority of the inmates interviewed by the team admitted that lack of education was the main reason for their deprivation.The report suggests that close to 48% of the Muslim prisoners had no vocational training which in turn resulted in unemployment. \"Barely 38% of the inmates from 15 jails in Maharashtra have acquired technical skills. However, they built proficiency through on-job training,\" the report states qualifying the Sachar Committee report findings, which said that only two among every 1,000 Muslims is a technical graduate. The lack of education has manifested in crime for most youngsters, the plight of Moiz, interviewed by the research panel, is a case in point.\"Moiz wanted to study Hindi, however, his family wanted him to master Urdu and become a maulvi. He ran away from home and lived on pavements in New Delhi and used to beg for a living,\" a state official said.\"Soon, Moiz became embroiled in illegal activities and after his arrest he was sent to an observation home. He came in contact with a group of chain-snatchers and gradually took to crime,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13781948", "title": "Dalai Lama's envoys holding talks with China resign", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama's two special envoys, in talks with Beijing since 2002, have resigned citing the \"deteriorating\" situation in Tibet and frustration over lack of positive response from Chinese side to the dialogue process.The resignation of Lodi G. Gyari and Envoy Kelsang Gyaltsen, who have held nine rounds of talks with the Chinese side as part of the dialogue process which remains stalled for over two years now, has been accepted by Prime Minister of the Tibetan Government-in-exile Lobsang Sangay, a spokesperson of Tibetan 'cabinet' said here today.\"Given the deteriorating situation inside Tibet since 2008 leading to the increasing cases of self-immolations by Tibetans, we are compelled to submit our resignations,\" the envoys said in their letter.The last meeting with the Chinese side took place more than two years ago in January 2010.\"One of the key Chinese interlocutors in the dialogue process even advocated abrogation of minority status as stipulated in the Chinese Constitution thereby seeming to remove the basis of autonomy.\"At this particular time, it is difficult to have substantive dialogue,\" the letter said.The Tibetan Government in exile, meanwhile, urged Beijing to accept the Middle-Way Approach, which seeks genuine autonomy for Tibetans within the People's Republic of China (PRC) and within the framework of the Chinese constitution, and said it \"is ready to engage in meaningful dialogue anywhere and at anytime\".China has been accusing the Dalai Lama of trying to split Tibet from the country. In their latest spat, the Tibetan spiritual leader had alleged that Chinese agents may try to eliminate him, a charge denied by Beijing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13756100", "title": "2011 custodial death: Cipriano's aunt gets Rs 5 lakh", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa police paid 5 lakh to the next of kin of Cipriano Fernandes of Povocao, Moira, a victim of police custodial death more than a year ago. The interim relief was paid following directions from the national human rights commission. The amount has been paid to the paternal aunt of Fernandes.In view of the report submitted by the additional district magistrate indicating that there were seven injuries on Cipriano who died in police custody on January 9, 2011, a complaint was lodged against police personnel.As the SDM had prima facie found that there were violations of deceased human rights on the part of Goa police officers, the Goa police department found no objection for award of interim relief to the next of kin.The national human rights commission appreciated the \"quick action taken by the government officials in this matter\" and recommended that the next of kin of the deceased may be paid 5 lakh.The question was who should be paid the interim relief as the parents of Cipriano had died. Considering various aspects, the commission recommended that the relief be given to Simpliciana, Fernandes' paternal aunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13749743", "title": "All India United Democratic Front slams govt for rising 'lawlessness'", "text": "GUWAHATI: All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) has criticized the state government for celebrating the first anniversary of its third term in power and ignoring the spiraling law and order crisis in the state, as highlighted by an attack on Public Accounts Committee (PAC) member and BJP legislator Prashanta Phukan in Nagaon last month.AIUDF general secretary and legislator, Abdur Rahim Khan on Saturday said that during the celebrations the government claimed that law and order in the state had improved. Khan said the government failure to arrest those involved in manhandling the PAC member showed how bad things are in Assam. \"The dignity of the Legislative Assembly was lowered when Congress-led goons manhandled PAC member on May 29. PAC is a constitutional body, and despite such an humiliation no arrests have been made so far. How can the government claim that law and order has improved when even PAC members are not safe,\" Khan alleged.AIUDF claimed that two Congress leaders, Nurul Huda and Manik Ali, were involved in the attack on PAC member and BJP legislator Prashanta Phukan at Nagaon circuit house. He said the group also attempted to attack PAC chairman and AIUDF legislator Sirajuddin Ajmal. He informed that PAC members, which comprises legislators from different political parties, would meet soon to decide their course of action.The state government has constituted an one-man enquiry committee to probe the incident. The committee is headed by the additional chief secretary P K Choudhury and will submit its report within 10 days. Government spokesperson and forest minister Rockybul Hussian said that CBI should be entrusted to investigation into the incident.\"Corruption has become deep rooted in every department. There is frequent incidents of murder, kidnapping and extortion,\" Khan alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ipoh ( malaysia )", "code": "13783390", "title": "New Zealand beat Argentina to win Azlan Shah Cup", "text": "IPOH ( Malaysia ): New Zealand on Sunday clinched the title of 21st Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament in their maiden final appearance, defeating Argentina 1-0 in the summit clash.New Zealand's match-winner came from Andy Hayward, who converted their first penalty corner by beating Argentine goalkeeper Juan Vivaldi with a low shot.This was the fifth penalty corner conversion for Hayward, who played a key role in New Zealand's campaign that saw them top the round-robin league after posting victories in their initial four matches.New Zealand have in past editions of the Azlan Shah Cup claimed the bronze medal four times, including consecutive podium finishes in 2008 and 2009.World number seven New Zealand were the third highest ranked team in the tournament, behind Great Britain and South Korea.Argentina did well to make it to the final after losing their first two matches, but were not able to breach the New Zealand defence led by goalkeeper Kyle Pontifex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13767802", "title": "Varanasi sizzles as temperature reaches 45.9 degrees", "text": "VARANASI: The intense heat peaked on Saturday, leaving the city sizzling at 45.9 degrees C, the maximum temperature of the season so far.The high humidity gave no respite from sweltering conditions. Most parts of the city wore deserted look with restricted vehicular movement in the noon. Public places like railway stations, bus stand, ghats and crossings witnessed similar look, as people preferred to remain indoors.According to BHU weather scientist SN Pandey, the moisture-laden air from the Bay of Bengal had started activities in parts of West Bengal and Bihar. The air could create an area of low pressure in east UP after moving northwards to brighten the chances of premonsoon showers in the region.It could give respite from scorching heat and bring down the mercury.The mercury had touched 45 degrees C mark as many as five times in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13771370", "title": "No strike plan by Australian players despite pay deal dispute", "text": "MELBOURNE: The continuing stalemate over a pay dispute notwithstanding, Australian cricketers have no plans of going on strike.Amid speculation that they might boycott the tour of England scheduled to be held from June 29-July 10 or the World Twenty20 at Sri Lanka in September-October, a senior Australian cricketer has said there is no talk of strike at the moment.\"It won't be happening,\" an unnamed senior player was quoted as saying by 'The Daily Telegraph'.Australian Cricketers Association chief executive Paul Marsh also said that strike would be a last resort.\"Our absolute priority and desire is to negotiate a resolution that works for both parties,\" he said.\"But it takes two to tango and we're still a long way apart ... and there is a strong resolve among the player group. It's in everyone's interests that we keep working at it.\"The players will leave for England on June 14 to play six one-day internationals - one against Ireland and five against England, the last three of which will be after the current deal expires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752441", "title": "Rajasthan sizzles: No respite for now, harsher days ahead: Met", "text": "JAIPUR: The state is getting no respite from the blistering heat conditions. Though a few places witnessed a minor dip in the mercury, it was not enough to be called as respite. Sriganganagar remained hottest in the state and recorded maximum temperature of 47 degrees Celsius, the met reports said on Saturday.Attributing the continued rise in the mercury to the passing of upper air cyclonic circulation and vanishing of western disturbances the met office said that the ongoing spell of heat wave will continue in the northern and eastern parts of the state.People in Jaipur woke up to a warm Saturday morning as the city witnessed a minimum temperature of 30.6 degrees Celsius, almost 4 degrees above the normal minimum temperature. It was followed by a sultry afternoon as the maximum temperature reached 42.7 accompanied by humidity of 45 per cent.However, in the absence of dust storms the air traffic from Jaipur's terminal 2 and Sanganer airport was smooth. Majority of the flights landed and took off on time, according to sources from the Airports Authority of India, Jaipur.Sriganganagar was followed by Dholpur that witnessed a maximum temperature of 46.6 degrees Celsius, Churu 45.3, Banasthali 45, Pilani 43.2, Bikaner 43, Kota 42.4, Jaisalmer 41.2 and Ajmer recorded a maximum temperature of 41 degrees Celsius.The met office on the progress of monsoon in the state said that it is yet to arrive even in Kerala. \"Usually south-west monsoon enters from the southern parts of the state including Kota, Jhalawar and Baran. After its arrival in Kerala, it reaches Goa, Mumbai, and Gujarat and then enters Rajasthan,\" said a met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13750171", "title": "Skies open up bringing relief to Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The capital city received welcome showers on Saturday evening bringing its denizens a much needed relief from the scorching heat. However, the thundersquall accompanied with hail and gusty surface wind uprooted several trees and snapped electrical wires. The uprooted trees in Nayapalli resulted in traffic jam while electric wires were snapped in Sastri Nagar. There were power cuts in many areas for hours. Superintending engineer of Cesu Utpal Sinha said, \"The clearing of trees is taking time resulting in delay in restoration of power supply.\"The weatherman has forecast that the monsoon is likely to hit the Odisha coast by second week of this month. \"We are expecting the pre-monsoon showers by June 7 and the south-west monsoon would hit the Odisha coast by end of second week,\" said Sarat Chandra Sahu, director of the meteorological centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13752663", "title": "Parts of Mumbai enjoy first spell of showers", "text": "MUMBAI: Many citizens woke up to a surprise shower on Saturday, when a few parts of the city received their first pre-monsoon rainfall. The showers, however, did not last long and did nothing to alleviate the sweltering heat.More such spells are expected till Monday.Early on Saturday, areas like Borivli, Colaba, Dadar, Malad and Ghatkopar witnessed more than a drizzle and as time passed, the day turned muggy. The temperature remained marginally higher that usual, with the weather bureau recording 35.5 degrees Celsius in Colaba and 34.2 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz. But it was the humidity levels-92% in Colaba and 72% in Santa Cruz in the morning- that added to Mumbaikars' misery. \"Traces of rainfall were recorded from 5.30am to 8.30am on Saturday,\" said Dinesh Mishra, duty officer at Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai. \"When south-westerly winds sustain for more than two days over the coast station, small showers can be expected. Temperature does not change, but humidity levels shoot up.\"With Southwest monsoon hovering over the Andaman Sea, the monsoon has arrived till Sri Lanka. The anti-cyclonic winds prevailing over the Arabian Sea have stalled the progress of the Southwest monsoon over Kerala. So, the arrival of monsoon there is likely to be delayed by four to five days from its normal date of June 1. \"The wind situation over the Arabian Sea is not favourable for the progress of monsoon,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general of IMD, Pune. \"Our weather prediction model shows after four to five days, there will be a vortex over the Arabian Sea, which will alter the course of the winds.\"This, however, does not mean that Mumbai will get a late monsoon. \"It is not possible to say how the monsoon will proceed. The Southwest monsoon is not a continuous process, but comes in spells. This means that if the monsoon gets two good spells, it may reach Mumbai on time, or may even get stuck at Ratnagiri if there is one strong spell after hitting Kerala,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13752866", "title": "NDA leaders at receiving end", "text": "PATNA: The ruling NDA leaders, including state BJP president Dr C P Thakur, were at the receiving end of the supporters of slain Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh, alias Mukhiyaji, on Saturday.Dr Thakur reached Ara to pay tributes to Singh on Saturday morning. He said nothing happened at Ara and the locals welcomed him.\"I was with the procession on my vehicle, which was en route to Patna for Brahmeshwar Singh's cremation,\" he said, adding as the procession reached Bihta, a group of youths attacked his vehicle with helmet and damaged its windscreen. Bikram MLA, Anil Kumar, was also attacked.\"They were demanding that all Bhumihar leaders should resign from their respective parties after the murder of Mukhiyaji,\" said Dr Thakur, adding that he left the procession from Painal and reached the state capital with his supporters.Regarding violence by Singh's supporters in the state capital, Dr Thakur condemned it and said that should not have happened. \"One should not behave in such a manner in sheer excitement,\" he said.JD (U) MLA from Tarari, Narendra Kumar Pandey, alias Sunil Pandey, said he had gone to Ara on Friday as the district magistrate (DM) and SP had requested him to go there so that the agitated people could be pacified.He said the mob had chased away a DSP and SP when they reached the spot after Singh's murder.Pandey said some miscreants had mingled with the crowd and it was their intention to create trouble there. \"They also misbehaved with me when I tried to pacify the agitating people,\" the MLA added.Even in the state capital, Singh's supporters raised slogans against state BJP president Dr CP Thakur, CM Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13784442", "title": "Threat from SIMI to Judges who delivered Ayodhya verdict", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court has ordered an inquiry into lapses in security of three judges who delivered the verdict on the title suite of the Babri Masjid, Ayodhya, in September 2010. The court has also directed the Central government and governments of Uttar Pradesh (UP) and Uttrakhand to take immediate steps to provide adequate security to the judges.The court issued order after UP anti-terror-squad (ATS) informed court that activists associated with the Student Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) may attack the three Judges. In the statement submitted before the court by Rajiv Sabarwal, deputy inspector general (DIG), ATS, submitted that during the course of investigation, even in the months of March and April, 2012, it was found that the judges who decided Ram Janam Bhoomi case are still under continuous threat and the SIMI activists are in process to constitute a fresh module to assault the Judges. The statement given by Sabarwal also revealed that imminent threat to the life of the judges.The ATS submitted the statement in response to the previous order of a division bench of the High Court comprising Justice Devi Prasad Singh and Justice Devendra Kumar Upadhyaya. The bench had issued order on a petition filed by advocate Ranjana Agnihotri in connection with the threat precept to the judges and advocates associated with the case.The three judges who delivered the Ayodhya verdict are Justice Sudhir Agarwal, Justice SU Khan and Justice DV Sharma.Justice Agarwal, in fact, was stopped by anti-social elements in Ghaziabad in July 2011. The judge, who was in his car, escaped a possible assault and had revealed that he had no police escort with him during the incident. The judge informed in writting to the concerned authorities about the incident.Justice Sharma, who is now in Uttrakhand for an assignment,had also made a written complaint to the UP High Court Registrar that he is not being provided adequate security by the government of Uttarakhand.Justice Khan, however, has refused any security cover.It was also revealed during the hearing that since last year, the Registrar General of the High Court has been continuously informing state government officials about the developments.However, on behalf of the state government, HP Srivastava, additional chief standing Counsel informed the court that the letter of Justice Sudhir Agarwal was received by the state government on May 23, 2012 along with the letter dated May 19,2012 sent by the Registrar General.On the othe hand, Balwant Rai, additional superintendent of police, security, has informed that after filing of the present writ petition and keeping in view the threat precept, the state government has decided to provide Z Category security to all the three judges. Under Z category security, two gunners along with an escort is provided round the clock.After hearing the statements, the high court bench directed UP government has been ordered to hold inquiry keeping in view the contents of the letter on security lapse of Justice Agarwal and submit a report to this court.Further, the court directed that the DIG, ATS, UP and the UP home secretary will review the security requirement of the judges in view of an enhanced threat perception. Also, the court said that keeping in view the incident happened with Justice Agarwal and after discussing the matter DIG, ATS, UP, and other officers present, it will be appropriate to provide two escorts to the judges concerned.The court also directed that though Justice Khan has declined to accept any security, the additional director general of police, security, UP, should meet the judge personally and apprise him about the threat perception to take future course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13753202", "title": "Civic body returns Rs 600 crore deposit to civil contractors", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body has returned the additional security deposit (ASD), amounting to Rs 600 crore, to the 110 contractors appointed for civil works even as they strive to meet the deadline, extended twice. Following this move, the BMC will not be able to forfeit the deposit amount if the contractors violate any condition of their contracts.Miffed with the decisions, corporators claim that administrative lapses have severely affected work at the ward level. \"First, they miss the deadlines and we have to face the wrath for incomplete work. I fail to understand on what basis did the civic administration returned the security deposit, especially when the contractors will still continue with the unfinished work. The administration has taken a unilateral decision without taking the corporators into confidence,\" said Rais Shaikh, Samajwadi Party group leader.The civic body, however, defended itself saying they did have other ways to keep a check on the contractors. \"We have other security deposits in place. It is not true that we will not be able to keep a tab on the work of the civil works contract (CWC) contractors,\" said Rahul Shewale, chairman of the standing committee.The BMC has also awarded projects, worth Rs 150 crore, to the existing set of contractors, without floating any tenders, and they will work for another four months before the new set is appointed. They were initially appointed for 227 petty civil works, like filling trenches dug for installing utilities, pothole repairs and other spot repair work, to be finished in two years, from 2010 to March 31, 2012. But, the BMC had to extend the deadline, once for two months and then, four. \"Technically, the BMC cannot extend the contract,\" said Shaikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "13750191", "title": "Three held for terrorizing workers", "text": "ROURKELA: Rourkela police arrested three persons here on Saturday for allegedly terrorizing and demanding ransom from a company engaged in construction of a bridge.The arrest of three persons comes close on the heels of the arrest of another trio by Sundergarh police on Friday for extorting money from businessmen of the district.According to police, on May 20, 2012, three bike-borne miscreants arrived at the Koel bridge construction site and terrorized the workers at gun point. They also demanded Rs 2 crore ransom from the company.An FIR was lodged with Jhirpani police. After investigation, police arrested all the three persons involved in this case here on Saturday. They have been identified as Arjun Thakur, Guddu alias Jairam Prasad (37) and Bijay Prasad alias Jagu. Police also seized a country-made pistol, live ammunition and a bike from the accused.\"A few days before the inceident, they had also put up posters on a crane parked at the site, wherein they had demanded 15% of the total project cost as 'levy',\" said Rourkela SP Himansu Lal. \"These arrested persons are involved in several cases in Rourkela police limits,\" he added.Similarly, Sundergarh police nabbed three key members of Peoples' Liberation Front of India, a Jharkhand-based organization engaged in extortion of money by terrorizing business houses, mainly on the Jharkhand-Odisha border. A sophisticated hand gun and five rounds of live ammunition were seized from them. The arrested persons have been identified as Dhananjay Bhuyan, Ranjan Badaik and Gulab Bodaik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13750185", "title": "Chief minister announces Rs 5 lakh reward for feticide information", "text": "MUMBAI: Following two more cases of female feticide in Beed, CM Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh for information about these cases. Doctors have been directed to study forensic samples and fingerprints related to the two cases.Beed has been in the spotlight after the death of a 30-year-old pregnant sugarcane labourer due to heavy bleeding following a second trimester abortion in Parli tehsil on May 18. Public health department sources say the final post-mortem report in the case is yet to come.According to the Beed civil surgeon, initial reports reveal that the fetus in one case was eight months old and the other six months old. The reports also indicated that both of these were drug-induced deliveries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13780424", "title": "Pakistan likely to tour India for one-off match this year: PCB", "text": "LAHORE: The chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB), Zaka Ashraf has said that there is a great possibility of Pakistan touring India for a one-off match this year in a bid to normalise bilateral ties between the two countries.Ashraf, who returned to Lahore after a week-long visit to India, said he wanted to develop a kind of relationship with the Indian Cricket Board (BCCI) that in future instead of playing their matches at neutral venues, Pakistan could tour India.\"We want to establish exemplary relations with the Indian board,\" Ashraf told the Express newspaper.Ashraf, who held meetings with BCCI officials during his visit to India, said due to the hectic international calendar of both teams it didn't appear possible to have a full bilateral series this year.\"Hopefully within this month we could be in a position to announce the date for a one-off bilateral match that Pakistan will go and play in India,\" he said.The PCB has been striving to convince the BCCI to restore bilateral cricketing ties that were discontinued after the Mumbai terror attacks in 2008.Recently, the BCCI gave indications of wanting to break the ice when it announced that Pakistan's national T20 champions, Sialkot Stallions would be invited to play in this year's Champions League tournament.The BCCI had also invited Ashraf and chief operating officer, Subhan Ahmed to visit India for the IPL final.\"It is not possible to have a full series this year but we definitely want things to move forward so we will go and play a one-off game in India this year. In this connection we have had successful talks with the BCCI officials.\"I feel even one match would be enough to convey the message that we have revived and normalised bilateral cricket ties,\" said Ashraf.The PCB chief said he expected dates to be finalised during the ICC meeting in Kuala Lumpur and described his meetings with the Indian cricket officials and politicians very positive.\"The feeling I got while in India and from inter acting with the people is that even they want to see regular cricket matches between the two teams and that is a very good sign for us,\" said Ashraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750284", "title": "Singh\u2019s family says it\u2019s not gang war; village expects retaliation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Better known as the brother of Kishen Pehelwan who faces several criminal charges, Bharat Singh joined politics in 2007. He had won the municipal polls from Dichaon Kalan ward in Najafgarh.Two years later, he won the assembly elections from Najafgarh where the Pehelwans wield great influence on account of their Jat background and muscle power.Singh was in action as recently as two months ago when he was seen batting for his elder brother Kishen who faced the challenge of defeating senior congressman and Opposition leader in the united MCD, Jai Kishan Sharma.\"There is no kidnapping, gang rape or dacoity case against my brother. Kishen has been implicated in criminal cases as a result of rivalry between two groups,\" Singh had said in March this year. \"Our family got into politics to win hearts of people and serve them regardless of what Opposition leaders say,\" Singh said.According to the affidavit filed by Kishen before the election commission, he has three pending cases against him, including those of criminal intimidation and threats. In 2009, Delhi Police had announced a cash reward of Rs 50,000 for any information on Kishen. Kishen was arrested from Bharatpur, Rajasthan, the same year and sent to Tihar Jail. But he was acquitted in some cases and is out on bail in the others.On Saturday, locals claim the firing to be the handiwork of a gang from a local village and say this will trigger a violent backlash. But Shiv Kumar, a relative of Singh, said, \"We are political people and the firing has nothing to do with any gang war.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13749527", "title": "Assam SSLC results on June 15", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a delay of three weeks, Secondary Education Board of Assam (Seba) is set to declare examination results on June 15. While the results were declared on May 27 last year and May 29 in 2010. This year's matric examination was mired in a series of goof-ups from cows chewing away answer scripts to distribution of cancelled question papers.Education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Saturday said: \"The secretary of the board has conveyed to me that the results will be declared on June 15. There have been quite a few goof-ups and anomalies during the examination period and the delay is because the board wants to be certain that error-free results are declared.\" He said that since the class X candidates will be taking admission within the state, this delay would not hamper their endeavours.After the chaos following errors in admit cards and registration cards came the distribution of wrong question papers in Nalbari, Lakhimpur and Majuli, resulting in rescheduling of the general science exam from March 10 to March 26 only to be rescheduled again to April 10 after the cancelled paper was distributed at a centre at Majuli. If that was not enough, the real shocker came when cows chewed away answer sheets at an Goalpara evaluation centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13761076", "title": "Congress not the right party for Siddaramaiah: Chief minister", "text": "MANGALORE: The BJP leadership will decide on welcoming senior Congress leader Siddaramaiah to the saffron outfit if he decides to join it, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said here on Saturday. This despite the fact that Siddaramaiah has made it amply clear that he is not quitting the Congress and has merely quit as leader of the Congress Legislature Party and his post as leader of the opposition in the Karnataka state assembly.Interacting with reporters, the CM said while the development pertaining to Siddaramaiah is an internal affair of the Congress and one which he would not like to comment up on, the BJP has no 'kopa' (anger) or 'tapa' (angst) with the veteran leader.\"I have seen him at close quarters in the assembly as well in public life and has conducted himself ably,\" the CM said, adding that he felt that Congress is not the right party for Siddaramaiah.Not going in to details of the judgment of Lokayukta Special court which on Saturday convicted Y Sampangi, BJP MLA from KGF in a bribery case, the CM said, \"As far as information that I have, the MLA intends to appeal against the verdict in a higher court.\"Sampangi was sentenced to three-and-half-a-year in jail and a fine of Rs 40,000 was imposed on him after he was caught by Lokayukta police while accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh from a businessman.Hailing the move by National Thermal Power Corporation which has initiated the 4,000MW Kudgi Super Thermal Power Project at Kudgi in Bijapur as a good project, he said the project has been made possible due to sacrifice by farmers there.\"We have demanded that the Centre enhance the state's quota of power from this project from 50% to 80%,\" he said, and added that he has formally broached Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13750878", "title": "Municipal authorities seeks help of priests before axing 'pious' trees", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fearing that axing banyan trees, which are obstructing traffic on main roads, will invite misfortune, municipal authorities have sought the help of priests to show them a way out. The authorities have been in a fix since the contractor hired for the job of axing 152 trees that are posing serious threat to commuters refused to chop because they include 50 banyan trees.The civic body had allotted the project at an open auction on June 1, 2011. However, the contractor refused to axe the banyan trees claiming that it would be dangerous for him as they are considered pious by the Hindu community. He was served four notices but did not budge from his stand.Sources said finally civic authorities forfeited the security amount from the contractor and will now hold another auction. But municipal authorities too harbour their own fears. Senior officials have directed the horticulture department to consult some ''good priest'' and organize a ''puja'' before axing the banyan trees, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13752061", "title": "Soon, breath test to tell tuberculosis in just 6 minutes", "text": "MUMBAI: A breath test to detect the deadly tuberculosis (TB) bacteria in six minutes flat has been developed in the US, with help from experts in Mumbai. Doctors from Hinduja Hospital in Mahim and the state-run JJ Hospital in Byculla have helped validate the prototype for the point-of-breath test, according to an article published in medical journal 'Tuberculosis' recently.The test could emerge as the quickest way to screen a patient for lung or pulmonary TB. \"For years, researchers have grappled with a genuine point-of-care test for TB -one which can answer the question of TB or no TB before the patient leaves the clinic. This test is one which has the potential to do this,'' said Dr Zarir Udwadia from Hinduja Hospital who, along with JJ Hospital's N N Ramraje, is one of the co-authors of the 'Tuberculosis' article.It works on the principle that every TB bacillus produces volatile organic compound. \"The breath test detects these volatile organic compounds,\" Dr Michael Phillips , developer of the test and CEO of Menssana Research Inc, stated in a press release.His team tested 279 patients from four centres-Hinduja and J J Hospitals in the city and two hospitals in the Philippines and England. \"The breath test was 84% accurate in detecting patients with active pulmonary tuberculosis,\" said Dr Phillips. Work is now on to fine-tune the test. Experts feel that patients will prefer the breath test to X-rays or blood or sputum tests because it's quick, painless, safe and may even be less expensive.At present, the final diagnosis of TB takes weeks if not months, especially if the patient has the multi-drug resistance variety. The breath test could help in quicker diagnosis of TB in India where at least 1,000 people die each day of the disease.\"I am cautiously hopeful about the good performance of the test even in our difficult Indian conditions,'' said Dr Zarir Udwadia.However, doctors say the breath test cannot replace the sputum test, which remains the gold standard. \"But not all patients with TB produce sputum (especially children). In these patient populations, the breath test could prove very useful,'' Dr Udwadia said.Test made easyThe test: Point-of-care breath test for lung or pulmonary TBPatient breathes into a tube for a couple of minutes, the result will be out in 6 minutesIt works on the principle that TB bacilli manufactures certain volatile organic compounds that can be detectable in the breath of infected people", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13749856", "title": "Scientist's warning on farmer suicides", "text": "GUWAHATI: Agriculture scientist GV Ramanjaneyulu on Saturday said Assam could go the Chhattisgarh way in terms of farmers' suicides if the state government fails to implement concrete measures in protecting the interests of farmers.The scientist was speaking at an interactive session titled \"The Current Crisis in Indian Agriculture and the Way Forward\" held in Cotton College State University, organized by its department of economics. He emphasized on the comparisons between Assam and Chhattisgarh in terms of production of different varieties of rice and engagement of tribals in farming and agriculture.\"What happened in Chhattisgarh was quite unfortunate because the state government had decided to introduce hybrid rice which almost made the traditional varieties extinct. Besides, there were many flawed measures introduced by the government which proved disastrous. Farmers have become an endangered species,\" said Ramanjaneyulu, executive director Centre for Advanced Sustentative Agriculture, Hyderabad.\"That state has witnessed a large number of farmers committing suicide. But Assam has the lowest record of farmers' suicide. However the situation could go wrong if the state government decides to introduce hybrid variety and Assam could suffer the same fate as Chhattisgarh. The government must put a check on farming by migrants as they tend to use fertilizers because they don't have any bond towards the land,\" added the scientist.The scientist also took a dig at chief minister Tarun Gogoi's recent announcement to allocate Rs 33 crore for organic farming by stating that until and unless there are some concrete policies regarding how and where to promote such farming, the entire money could go waste.On the issue of green revolution being shifted to the eastern region of the country, Ramanjaneyulu said, \"It needs to be properly addressed. If there are pesticides involved in agricultural fields in the upper-stream, then there are possibilities of them being disposed in the downstream. Assam has a rich history of producing different varieties of rice. But it has lost most varieties now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13751958", "title": "Expect quicker response on dialling 100 now", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Baffled with the countless complaints regarding the delayed respond on police control room (PCR) phone (number 100) incase of an emergency or accidents or this number going busy continuously, PCR department has decided to increase the number of call attendees from five to 10.\"Currently, there are only five call attendees to receive the calls when someone dials 100. There were complaints about victims having to wait too long before anyone answered their call and the number kept going busy in some cases,\" said deputy superintendent of police (PCR) Roshan Lal.\"It will also reduce the reaction time of cops as there would be more people to attend calls and initiate action,\" stated Lal.The delay in getting a response when dialing 100 has been a problem in several cases where timely intervention from police could have been helpful to the victim. Cases of PCR staff sitting inattentive in their vehicles have also come to light in the recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13755557", "title": "?National Cancer Survivors' Day: Gutsy fighters took on cancer, and won", "text": "BANGALORE: Thanks to a advanced treatment and medicines, cancer patients can survive the deadly disease, with cricketer Yuvraj Singh being the latest celebrity example. Four survivors recount their experience on the occasion of National Cancer Survivors' Day, observed on the first Sunday of June every year.Animesh Maity, studentWhen other children of his age went to school, 5-year-old Animesh went for chemotherapy. Animesh, a native of Kolkata, was diagnosed with ependymoma grade 2 tumour of the right occipital region when he was just two and a half years old. He was operated upon at different centres across India and was referred to HCG. He underwent three fractions of cyber knife treatment. Today, after over two years of treatment, he leads a normal life. \"I want to become a doctor when I grow up,\" he said.Roopa Venkatesh, software entrepreneurRoopa, 46, was inconsolable when first told she was suffering from stage 2 breast cancer about four years ago. Her 15-year-old son encouraged her to fight back. \"Life has changed for the better since then,\" she said, adding: \"I emerged as a braver person after completing a year-long treatment.\" To spread awareness and help people overcome the fear of cancer, Roopa also penned her experience in her book 'Cancer: A Comma, Not A Full Stop'. The money from book sales goes towards for welfare of cancer patients. She also helps counsel patients once every month.Keerti Tiwari, IAS officerShe went through all the stages of a cancer patient - denial, depression, suffering, gruelling treatment. But that has passed now and today, she's living her life to the fullest. Sitting in the Accountant General's office, she says: \"I suggest every woman should undergo regular check-ups and diagnosis. Early detection of cancer is a key to get cured.\"She's one of the founder members of the Pink Hope support group that consists of breast cancer survivors from HCG cancer hospital. The group tries to create awareness among women , especially patients, that cancer is not the end of the world. She was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2007 and was cured after treatment for a year.Sudhanshu Mohanty, principal controller of defence accountsA survivor of colon cancer, Sudhanshu Mohanty, 56, says, \"It is very important to take it in your stride. Fighting cancer is not difficult if you have the will to do it.\" Mohanty was diagnosed with stage II cancer about five years ago. He underwent a year-long treatment at Mazumdar Shaw Cancer Center in 2008 and enjoying good health now. \"I share my experience with other patients and encourage them to fight the disease,\" said Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13751059", "title": "Return of property tax dismays residents", "text": "PANCHKULA: With Haryana government bringing back property tax, around 2 lakh residents of the city, majority of them tenants, are faced with an additional levy, that, too, with arrears since 2008.Whether residential, commercial or institutional, almost 85% buildings are occupied by tenants, suggest a survey conducted by civic body here. Municipal corporation officials have already initiated a fresh survey, hence residents should be ready to receive demand notices in next couple of months.Courtesy inclusion of formula of calculation of house tax on rental value of the property, tenants are faced with an additional increase in their rentals every year, even in the residential houses falling in the category of 100 to 250 square yards. Lease deeds specifically bound the tenants to bear all levies related to premises used by him or her.According to rental formula, the property tax will be calculated on the basis of rental value of the property (2.5% of the annual rental value in case of residential property and 5% of the annual rental value in case of commercial or institutional units) whichever is higher.\"The concessions and rebates are only meant for self occupied houses. Why will government give rebate to those who are using their premises as source of income,'' T C Gupta, director general of urban local bodies (ULB) department, Haryana, said.Till last assessment, which was done in 2008, there were around 47,000 property tax payers across all the 28 sectors and 5 sectors of Mansa Devi Complex, which came under the municipal council. MC had an annual income of Rs 4 crore from house tax and fire cess.\"This clearly shows the commitment levels of Haryana government. Though, you cannot avoid it, but yes, this is yet another lesson being learnt by us,'' S K Nayyar, president of Citizen Welfare Association, an umbrella body of residents welfare associations (RWA) of the city, said.Majority of houses, flats or some of their portions are occupied by tenants, hence this formula - Rs 1 per squrare yard for houses or flats will be of no avail, added Nayyar.Veena Chadha, a resident of Sector 16, said, \"Everybody constructs house after raising loan with a hope of good rental returns. It means this Rs 1 per square yard is simply an eye wash. We shall have to pay what we had been paying till 2008,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13751885", "title": "Constable dies of diarrhoea", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 47-year-old Chandigarh police traffic constable Dalbir Singh died following complaints of vomiting and loose motion in Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in Sector 32, on Saturday. The family of deceased cop claimed that Dalbir died due to diarrhea. A senior doctor at GMCH-32 said, \"It's premature to comment on the cause of death, but Singh was brought to the hospital with symptoms of diarrhea.\"Singh was appointed in the traffic wing of Chandigarh police, and complained of vomiting and loose motion after returning from duty on Friday. Deceased is survived by wife, two daughters and a son. Meanwhile, several Chandigarh police personnel residing in the police colony, Sector 26, blamed the supply of dirty water in the colony houses for the death of constable Dalbir.A sub inspector, who declined to be named, said, \"All senior police officials were informed about the dirty and polluted water supply in the houses from the broken water tanks, but no heed was paid.\" Deceased's body was been handed over to family without postmortem examination. Police have initiated an inquest proceeding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13759909", "title": "Soon, get blood donor information through SMS", "text": "MANGALORE: An initiative launched by a Mangalore-based educationist and an Ahmedabad-based industrialist has saved over 300 lives over five years. Now, these promoters of www.smsindia4blood.com will launch an SMS service to help those who need blood anywhere in the country.Now, those who need blood have to log on to the website for assistance. According to Ananth Prabhu, communication head, Expert Group of Institutions, Mangalore and Paritosh Vyas, an engineer from Ahmedabad, the website was designed to improve healthcare in India so that it's available to every person.The website has over 3,000 registered donors across the nation. One can check for donors by clicking on 'blood query' option. The list of donors with phone numbers is displayed once the required blood group and name of city are entered.Ananth told STOI they took up the initiative to inspire Indians to join hands and save the lives of those who may otherwise have died due to lack of information on how to get blood.\"Within two weeks, we'll get a number so that anyone can send SMS to it and get information on donors in their respective areas. One may text the required blood group and the city to the server through a toll-free number to get the list.The server will send an SMS to donors in the particular city with the phone number of the person who requested blood. Registered donors can also contact the person if they're in a position to donate,\" Ananth explained. Ananth proudly talked about a commendation letter that BJP national leader LK Advani sent him for launching a nationwide blood donation network.M Shah Dipen, Vismay Christian and N Rajgor Dhruv, BE students from Shree Devi Institute of Technology, helped Paritosh and Ananth in their mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13750103", "title": "Tribal artists delight Bhubaneswar afficionados", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The arts and crafts of tribes from different parts of the country were the centre of attraction at the workshop organized at the state tribal museum here. There were paintings, jewellery, bamboo craft, basketry, dhokra, wood art, pottery, lacquer, terracotta, et al.Organized by the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe Research and Training Institute and Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya, the workshop was the first of its kind. Tribals demonstrated their unique styles and creativity on the spot. Members of the primitive Bonda tribe were seen making beautiful jewellery with beads while the Saora tribals were busy with their Idital paintings.Tribals from 11 states also shared ideas on preservation and conservation of their art and creating a market for their products. Amer, a Kuki tribal from Manipur displayed the traditional weaving techniques at the workshop. Vijay Sadashiv from Maharashtra's Warli community explained how they depict folk tales with colours. \"While painting we visualize a story based on which the whole painting is made,\" he said.The main aim of the workshop was to make the tribal museum more interactive, to help tribal communities in retaining and developing their indigenous skills and bettering their knowledge and skill by cross-cultural interaction. The workshop will also provide a platform for recognition to their skill and encourage tribal talents. \"We are showcasing our products and crafts and saw the artistry of others from different states. It was a unique opportunity to learn and sell our products among people living in the city,\" said Khagapati Munda, who makes brass ornaments. Khagapati is from Nabarangpur's Limobata village.\"If we can generate a liking for tribal arts among the non-tribal people, then it would go a long way in making the communities part of the market-driven economy,\" said Dr Premananda Panda, director of the tribal museum. Touch screen kiosks were also inaugurated at the museum on the occasion. The museum, set up in 2001, has become a major tourist attraction of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13758721", "title": "Drug worth Rs 200 crore recovered from non-resident Indians", "text": "JALANDHAR: Busting a NRI-led gang of drug smugglers with international connections, police recovered synthetic drug Methamphetamine and its raw material of worth Rs 200 crore in the international market. Two NRIs have been arrested while the kingpin, also an NRI, is on the run.Seven persons have been named in the case while four were arrested. Name of a foreign national emerged during preliminary investigation while use of girls - for managing the proceeds from the supply of the drug - is also being revealed.Jalandhar Zone IG Gurpreet Deo said that the gang was caught in a coordinated operation of Jalandhar (rural) and Hoshiarpur police. She said the accused were synthesizing the drug here and one of them was a chemical engineer from the US. \"Apart from supplying the drug in India in metro cities, they were exporting it for big profits as the margin was very high\".Flanked by Jalandhar Zone IG Lok Nath Angra and Jalandhar (Rural) SSP Yurinder Singh Hayer and Hoshiarpur SSP B S Sidhu, Deo said that a special team led by SP (operation) Rajinder Singh reached to the neck of the accused after Jalandhar (rural) police received a tip-off that some educated youths were running this racket of manufacturing and supplying the synthetic drug.34.5kg Methamphetamine, which has a price of Rs 5 crore per kg and is also called \"Ice\" in common parlance, 19kg Ephedrine which is used as a raw material and is used by pharmaceutical companies, have been recovered from the house of Sukhwinder Singh Laddu in Garhshankar in Hoshiarpur. The four accused were arrested from there.Kingpin Ranjit Singh Raja alias Kandhola is still at large and originally belongs to Nawashahr district. Raja owns a farmhouse sprawling over eight acres in Samrala, which had a swimming pool and reflected the lavish lifestyle of the accused.IG said Kandhola would keep visiting US frequently and owned an expensive SUV. He had big houses in Banga, Mohali, Delhi and Chhatarpur (UP). \"They had placed the equipment to synthesize the drug in the farmhouse,\" IG said.Jalandhar (rural) SSP Hayer said the accused possessed illegal weapons which are yet to be recovered. Name of a foreign national, Milan, was also coming up during preliminary questioning, he said.Meanwhile, IG Deo said another accused Amandeep Singh Cheema from Sangrur and currently living in Mohali was a permanent resident of New Zealand, and studied a BBA degree there. \"He started taking the same drug in New Zealand and got involved in drug peddling. Another accused Harkawaljeet Singh of US did chemical engineering there. He was booked in a murder case also and an expert in synthesizing the drug,\" Deo said.IG said the accused had huge bank balances and so did their girlfriends. Cheema, Harkawaljeet, Laddu and one Harjinder Singh have been arrested while Kandhola, Gurinder Singh and Balroop Singh are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13756628", "title": "Yummy mummies make a rush to sculpt figures", "text": "BANGALORE: The joy of pregnancy lies in whipping up those tasty pastries and snacking on khatta-meetha dishes. The result is sumptuous, as in the case of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan - she's been blessed with a sweet daughter and happy post pregnancy flab.Not only is the superstar basking in it, she seems to be in no hurry to shed it and sport her Miss World figure. But not all mothers are thinking like Aishwarya - many are choosing to go under the knife for a mummy makeover, confirm surgeons and gynaecologists.Women, mostly from the affluent class of society -- be it a homemaker or techie -- are lining up for a makeover soon after they stop breastfeeding their little ones. For Pragya Raman (name changed), 32, a homemaker, a breast correction surgery came as a blessing. Pragya, a mother of two, was feeling ashamed of her loose breasts after her second child was born. Once an attractive woman, Pragya underwent depression due to her physical appearance. Her husband, too, was worried about her condition. The couple then contacted a plastic surgeon who suggested that Pragya undergo breast implantation surgery. With cosmetic implants, she regained her posture -- and confidence. Explaining the trend, Dr Madhusudan G, consultant plastic and reconstructive surgeon, BGS Global Hospitals says: \"Post delivery weight has always been a matter of worry for women. Often, they become depressed when criticized about mounting body weight. But the scene is changing : more women are aware that they can regain their original shape with cosmetic and bariatric surgeries.\"NO HURRY, SAY DOCTORSA woman's body undergoes several changes as motherhood leaves its signature on her body. Besides expansion of the waist and abdomen, more the number of pregnancies, more are the 'wear and tear' changes, say doctors. \"These surgeries are ideally performed on a woman who has completed her family . Most women opt for the tummy tuck, breast correction or for removal of stretch marks from the abdomen . A woman should opt for such surgeries ideally after she stops breastfeeding. Some women don't pay heed to doctors and rush into such surgeries, which can be a threat later,\" said Dr Ashok BC, department head and consultant plastic surgeon, Manipal Hospital.It takes at least three months to regain the 'perfect' figure after undergoing a cosmetic surgery.Said Dr Navin Rao, senior consultant plastic surgery, Apollo Hospital: \"The patient does not lose weight immediately after undergoing this surgery . She also has to follow an exercise routine. Many women request us to perform the surgery along with the C-section surgery, but this is not advisable . There are chances of catching an infection if these surgeries are performed at the time of delivery.\"LISTEN TO YOUR BODY RHYTHMA woman should not rush into a cosmetic surgery as soon she stops breastfeeding. It is important to give time to your body to heal completely.Said Dr Jyoti Shenoy, consultant gynaecologist, Columbia Asia Hospital: \"Breastfeeding plays an important role in the baby's growth. A mother should first think about the baby's health rather than correcting her figure. Also give time to your body to lose weight naturally. Giving birth to a child is a leisurely experience and a woman must enjoy it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13758017", "title": "Pakistan court acquits four alleged aides of Times Square bomber", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani court today acquitted four men accused of involvement in the botched Times Square bomb attack carried out by Pakistani-American terrorist Faisal Shahzad in 2010.The anti-terrorism court in the garrison city of Rawalpindi acquitted Muhammad Shoaib Mughal, Muhammad Shahid Hussain, Humbal Akhtar and Faisal Abbasi on the grounds that the prosecution failed to prove its case against them.The men were arrested in Pakistan following the New York City incident.Shahzad has already pleaded guilty in a US court to trying to blow up a bomb in his SUV.The bomb had failed to detonate. American officials have said Shahzad was trained for the attack by the Pakistani Taliban.Two other men arrested Pakistan in the aftermath of the incident were released earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13775423", "title": "An exhibition of arty heaven", "text": "Spiritual Artist, Tarun Cherian presents 'A Piece of Heaven' an art exhibition, principally of oils on canvas, at Alliance Francaise de Bangalore. From 3rd June evening till 10th June 2012 between 11am - 7pm.'A Piece of Heaven' is Tarun's 6th solo art show. And once again unveils Spiritual Mysteries. This time he focuses on one arcane aspect. The sheer joy of it. In fact, as he was seeking fresh inspiration, Tarun channelled God. \"Paint me. Just Paint me.\", was the penetrating and humorous message received. And so as you stand in the gallery, suns will blaze, cosmic ripples will burst, and joyous colours will shower themselves on you from every wall.To capture the sheer joy of the Creator, Tarun rewrote his palette. 'A Piece of Heaven', uses golden ochres, blazing chrome yellows, rich umbers, deeper mauves. The canvas itself is assaulted, texturalities, scumbling &amp; impressionistic strokes bring alive the feverish force of The Creator. Tarun as always plays with materials. Alternating from canvas to a coffin. Joyous oils to shimmering watercolours.Many subseries within the exhibition subtly nudge the viewer to the next rung of the spiritual spiral. Works like A Chair for God gently pokes fun at, yet embraces our human literalness. Works like The Eye of God then reward us with a magnificent roar of energy. A Piece of Heaven, a work on a circular canvas asks us to reflect on how the same glorious truth is grasped by a multiplicity of hands. Unbury the light, a piece painted on a coffin, asks us to discover how we triumph over death.Tarun Cherian has been exploring the farscapes of the inner universe for 35 years now. He is co-founder of Devadhara Healing, and Soul Jago Spiritual Awakening Pathway. So he is an exponent of one precious material that few modern artists use, a force variously called Prana, Ki, The Holy Spirit, Mantra Shakti. Many of the pieces typify Tarun's 'Shaktipats Disguised as Art' approach. The paintings have been charged with spiritual energy. The same light that laughs in the paintings also fights the incurable through Devadhara Healing, skyrockets spiritual seekers and enlightens the confused through Creator's Child Aura Seeing. So, collectors will be literally carrying home, A Piece of Heaven.The opening itself is a deeply joyous event. Vocalist Anitha Aswath will invoke the ultimate, Fusion Guitarist Arun Shankar will enthral with his aural soundscapes.For details visit Web-Art: www.taruncherian.com Web-Spiritual: www.creatorschild.com Email: creatorschild@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753713", "title": "Documentary on Elizabeth II screened", "text": "LUCKNOW: As diamond jubilee celebrations of Queen Elizabeth II's reign began across Britain, the screening of English documentary, A Queen is Crowned, was organised in the city.The 1 hour 20 minutes documentary show how the Queen ascended the throne in 1952 and the majestic celebrations that erupted across Britain. The event was organized by The Tornos Studio and attended by a large number of academicians.Prof Manoj Dixit from Lucknow University said, \"It's thrilling to have assembled at the screening of the documentary with Britain's luminous monarch, Queen Elizabeth II, marking 60 years on the throne.''Prateek Hira from Tornos said, \"The movie was screened at the time when in 1952, the coronation ceremony of Queen Elizabeth II took place.'' The documentary is the first one in colour, with the narration of events by Laurence Olivier .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13749940", "title": "CM breaks silence on 'coup'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Finally breaking his silence on his former confidante Pyarimohan Mohapatra's unsuccessful coup against him, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday dubbed the events that took place when he was away in the United Kingdom as an act of \"complete betrayal\", perpetrated out of sheer frustration on the former's part.\"It was a midnight sort of operation. It was like thieves at midnight, who come to someone's house when the residents are away,\" Naveen said, referring to Pyari and Co trying to collect signatures from BJD legislators on November 29 evening to oust him.\"What can I say? It is 'beimaani' (betrayal). It is very, very sad,\" Naveen told media persons, a day after he suspended Pyari and two other MLAs -- Prabhat Biswal and Bibhuti Balabantray -- from the party and sacked Anjali Behera and Sanjib Sahu from the ministry in the aftermath of the failed coup.Naveen, who had not assigned any reason for Pyari's suspension or uttered a word on the aborted coup thus far since returning from London on Wednesday evening, chose to speak up finally after his friend-turned-foe dubbed him \"Frankenstein\", alleging Naveen had no contribution in making BJD an \"impregnable fortress\". Shortly after being suspended from the party, Pyari had lambasted Naveen and warned that he is not going to sit silent over it. He had earlier belittled Naveen's 'clean' image, saying it was the party organization and not anyone's image that had fetched BJD successive electoral dividends.Naveen said he could not believe when senior party leaders informed him in the UK that Pyari was planning a coup. \"To suddenly hear I was being ousted, that too by a person who was my late father's secretary and someone I consulted on important matters, when I was away on Odisha government work, I could believe it at first,\" Naveen said. He also scotched Pyari's claim that he had built the BJD and was responsible for the heights Naveen has reached, noting that the BJD was formed in December, 1997, and Pyari joined the party a year or two after he became CM in March, 2000. \"I became the CM because of the blessings of the people of Odisha,\" Naveen remarked.Terming the attempted coup as \"sordid\" and \"disgraceful\", Naveen said in a democracy anyone can have the ambition to replace anyone, but \"why in such a surreptitious manner?\" He justified his action against Pyari and others, saying he cross-checked the matter with various MLAs and that \"It was necessary to take the decision\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13777822", "title": "Mohnish Mishra and T Sudhindra barred from playing club matches", "text": "INDORE: Tainted cricketers Mohnish Mishra and Taduri Sudhindra banned by the BCCI after being caught in a sting operation were predictably not allowed to take part in a domestic T-20 tournament starting from Tuesday, by the Indore Division Cricket Association (IDCA).\"We have received information from the Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA) about the continuation of ban imposed on them following a sting operation by a news channel on the issue of match fixing. Therefore, both of them are not allowed to take part in the J N Bhaya Memorial Inter-Division T-20 tournament,\" IDCA secretary Amitabh Vijaywargiya told reporters.The news channel had conducted a sting operation during the same tournament in Madhya Pradesh last year, in which, it was purportedly shown that Deccan Chargers' Sudhindra had agreed to bowl a no-ball in lieu of monetary benefits, sources said.However, keeping in mind the incident of spot-fixing, the organisers have made all possible arrangements to prevent the recurrence of such incidents and have even banned carrying mobile phones by cricketers in the dressing room.MPCA had also written a letter to BCCI in this regard and the latter may send an anti-corruption unit here for keeping any eye on the tournament, Vijaywargiya said.The IDCA will also keep a watch on the players in the hotels also through CCTV cameras.Vijaywargiya said that IDCA has made a provision of Rs one crore for organising this six-day long domestic T-20 tournament, in which, teams from Narmadapuram, Sagar, Rewa, Bhopal, Jabalpur, Gwalior and BHEL will take part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "dugri phase i", "code": "13750778", "title": "Puneet's identity is 'Arhaan' on his arm", "text": "DUGRI PHASE I: In the month of celebrating Father's Day (third Sunday of June in India), Puneet Malhotra wanted to do something that would define his love for his first child, his 11-month-old son Arhaan.The 28-year-old businessman decided to get a tattoo of his son's name on his arm as it would stay with him no matter where he goes. \"It hurt a lot while getting it inked but the pain was worth it. I love him more than anything else and this tattoo signifies our bond,\" says an emotional Puneet.He got the tattoo designed at a Sarabha Nagar-based parlour on Saturday. His wife Shweta Malhotra, 24, says, \"I think my son is lucky to have such a father who loves him so much. Arhaan's name looks good on his arm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13755043", "title": "Finally, Italian naval guards out of jail on bail", "text": "KOCHI: Two Italian naval guards arrested in connection with the February 15 high-sea killing of two Indian fishermen were released on bail on Saturday.The naval guards - Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone - left the borstal school, where they had been lodged since May 25. They were shifted from the central prison in Poojappura, Thiruvananthapuram, to the school following Italy's request. The Italians, who left the school around 9.30pm on Saturday, would be staying at Trident Hotel in Willington until the completion of the trial.The marines of Italian navy's San Marco regiment, who were taken to a judicial first class magistrate court in Kollam, were returned to the borstal school in the evening. Later a team of officials, including consul general Giampalo Cuttilo, followed them to Kochi with the bail bond.They were released after Italy, on behalf of the naval guards, furnished a surety of Rs 1 crore. While pronouncing the bail conditions, the HC had directed them to reside within 10km from the office of the Kochi police commissioner. They were also ordered to report to the police commissioner's office daily. The Italians were part of the security personnel on board the Enrica Lexie. The naval guards had opened fire at St Antony, an Indian boat, reportedly mistaking its crew for pirates. Fishermen Ajesh Pink and Valentine were killed in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13752685", "title": "Magadh University colleges to sell admission forms from June 5", "text": "PATNA: Colleges under Magadh University are ready to put admission forms on sale from June 5 for admitting students to Intermediate courses. These colleges expect sale of a large number of applications in view of impressive scores made by students in the Class X examination conducted by the Bihar Secondary School Examination Board this year.With Intermediate teaching completely de-linked from Patna University, MU colleges are the only hope for such admission seekers. Though colleges have been closed for summer vacation, special arrangements have been made for sale of forms at a number of counters on the colleges' respective campuses.A N College will admit students to Intermediate in science and arts streams. Merit will be the sole criterion for admitting students. The college will accept admission forms till June 30, college principal Haridwar Singh said, adding there are about 900 seats in arts and 1,200 seats in science. The college will follow the reservation policy while admitting students in both the streams, he said.T P S College will accept admission forms till June 30, college principal Baban Singh said and added merit would be the only criterion for admission to science and arts streams courses that the college offer.J D Women's College and Arvind Mahila College will put admission forms on sale from June 5. Admission will be considered on merit only. These colleges will finalize the admission list by June-end. The principals of the two colleges said poor and talented girls would be given preference. Arvind Mahila College is hopeful of getting better response from girls seeking admission to commerce stream this time.B D College has made special arrangements for sale of forms during summer vacation on the college campus. The college staff have been directed to be present on the college campus in time for sale of forms in science, arts and commerce streams, said college principal B N Ojha.B S College-Danapur, Mahila College-Khagaul, J N Lal College-Khagaul and RLSY College-Bakhtiarpur, are also geared up for sale of admission forms from June 5 on their campuses. These colleges will consider admission to Intermediate courses on merit. However, preference will be given to girl students, principals of these colleges said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752131", "title": "Sariska reserve an example of official neglect", "text": "JAIPUR: After all the efforts made by former Union minister for forests and environment Jairam Ramesh to resuscitate the Sariska Tiger Reserve and the money spent on tiger re-location, the reserve is once again sliding back into a forsaken one.The instances of government's lackadaisical approach are many. \"There is zero initiative on the government's part and no political will to look into Sariska problems and rectify them. For the last two years, radio collars of ST2 and ST5 are not working and tiger tracking is recorded only on the basis of pug marks or vague estimation. Tourism is zero and RTDC-run hotel The Tiger Den is in shambles,\" said a source.After the farmers agitation and vandalising of Sariska Palace Hotel, tourism is virtually nil at the reserve. And even while the weather might be playing spoilsport, hoteliers are feeling the heat of agitation more than the summer. \"In the past few days, not a single tourist vehicle has gone into the forest,\" said a hotelier.Add to that, even after the new postings, there is dire need for more forest guards as many who joined have quit and moved on. The reserve requires five foresters and 10 guards besides two assistant conservators forest (ACFs). \"Incidentally, the two ACFs posted to Sariska have yet not joined duty and are trying for posting elsewhere. Talvraksh, where the agitation began, has the posts of a ranger and one ACF lying vacant as none wants to move there. The area in the past has recorded a lot of tiger movement and is adjacent to the village,\" he said.Besides, little is being done to improve the tiger habitat. \"In the past three years, the STR has allegedly received about 60-70 cr for conservation of bio-diversity. But all that the department has done is upgrade their offices and infrastructure instead of investing in the forests,\" said a source.As far as the re-location plan goes, 26 villages are still in the park. \"Only two villages were re-located to Roond near Behror. But villagers have rented out their rooms and moved back to the forests. There is also evidence of the Sariska staff uprooting old boundary pillars of the reserve and altering the boundary limits for vested interests,\" he said.Sariska is crying for attention with problems galore. After 2005, when it was public that there were no tigers left in Sariska, the state forest department and the Project Tiger directorate had declared an \"emergency tiger census\" in Sariska and the CBI conducted a probe. After a two months' exercise, they finally declared that Sariska indeed did not have any tigers left. Later the state government in August 2011 resumed a probe that had been ordered in 2005 after it came to light that all tigers in the Sariska reserve had been poached. Then additional chief secretary and development commissioner B B Mohanty was to conduct the probe, the findings of which are still elusive.But succumbing to the villagers' demand, the tenders for the road have been finalized. Now Sariska road including the by-pass would be constructed at the cost of Rs 22 cr and road patching on Sariska road passing through the reserve would constructed at the cost of 2.75 cr.\"The radio collars of ST2 and ST5 ran out of battery in-between but they are working. After a panther died in a snare, last month in a special drive, we have filled all vacant posts. Yes, the re-location of the villages is slow and the traffic diversion has not taken place, but we are working on it,\" said A C Choubey, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13758700", "title": "Court orders inquiry against cop for helping relatives", "text": "NAGPUR: Ad hoc district and additional sessions judge KL Vyas has come down heavily on a sub-inspector of Nandanvan police station for falsely implicating three youths in a case of kidnapping to help his relatives who were upset over one of them proposing to a girl of the family. The cop also got help from a woman prosecutor who was a relative.The court has asked the city police chief to conduct an enquiry against PSI CT Maske within three months of the judgment which was passed on April 30. Interestingly, Maske was promoted as assistant police inspector (API) and transferred to Bhandara a couple of months ago.The court was shocked to learn that in the chargesheet Maske had shown that the accused Sachin and his brother Nitin Bhagwat and Pawan Naik were produced before the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) on December 4 in 2009 even before they were arrested. The court observed that as per the arrest panchanama the three were produced before JMFC at 3pm while they were taken into the custody at 4pm later that day.The case was about a teenager who was forcibly married after being kidnapped in November 2009. The court trashed the case after discovering that the incident of alleged kidnapping and subsequent marriage took place with the consent of the victim who was studying engineering at a private college at Wanadongri in Hingna.It was after Sonali (name changed) returned after spending a month with Sachin that her family took Maske's help to book the boy and the other two on trumped up charges.Sonali's family is a distant relative of Maske who got help from Nandini Thete, the advocate who assisted prosecution. Thate was the cop's cousin. The court also observed that the five witnesses in the case were all from the same family, which included the teenager who was supposedly kidnapped, her uncle and parents.The court pulled up Maske for conducting a shoddy investigation and sending the three to jail where they spent more than 10 days. While Maske recorded in his FIR that Sonali was kidnapped from Nandanvan while on way to college, her mother stated that her daughter was picked up from Kelvad while she was taking a walk. In her statement, Sonali had claimed that she was taken away from college.The court criticized Maske for not verifying the place of kidnapping or where the girl was kept and the marriage solemnized. 'Bogus and false case prepared in collusion with the family of the complainant with the help of their relatives and authorities concerned' is what the court observed. The court also pointed out that the girl's age was 19 years on the day of kidnapping and not 17 years as what Maske had mentioned.The court also underlined the fact that the case was not only false and malicious but was also investigated in contrary to the provisions laid in law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13771605", "title": "Iniya pairs up with Shantanoo", "text": "The Vaagai Sooda Vaa actress Iniya will be seen as the female lead in Thankar Bachan's Ammavin Kaipesi.After an impressive show in Vaagai Sooda Vaa and Mounaguru, the actress was signed in for Bharathiraja's Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum and also has a Malayalam and Telugu movie. Now, the latest adding to her kitty will be family entertainer Thankar Bachan's upcoming movie to be paired up opposite Shantanoo.The actress was seen in Chennai for the photoshoots of the movie. An elated Iniya said that, she will be seen in the role of Selvi, a college goer from a town. She also said that she is happy to be paired up with Shantanoo. Ammavin Kaipesi has music by Rohit Kulkarni. With the photoshoots on, the movie is expected to go on floors by next month.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "13758123", "title": "Lakshman Seth gone, CPM battles for survival in Haldia civic polls", "text": "HALDIA: The palatial CPM office at Shramik Bhavan from where CPM leader Lakshman Seth, now in custody, used to run his writ looks deserted.The dismal picture gives way to questions like - Will the Trinamool wrest the Haldia Municipal Corporation from the CPM by maintaining its lead in the assembly polls, or the CPM minus Lakshman Seth, will make a turn around with Seth's wife Tamalika Ponda Seth taking the lead? Whatever the results, the scene for the CPM isn't what it was before the Nandigram carnage whose waves hit the red citadel on this side of the Haldi river.Red flags fluttered in front of the CPM's zonal party office with a handful of CPM activists holding the fort. They bear marks of the Trinamool tsunami that swept across this industrial township in 2009, and took away Seth's parliamentary seat, as also the position of the chairman that Seth had in the Haldia Development Authority. Later, the CPM's Haldia strongman lost his berth in the party state committee. Now, it is Trinamool Congress leader Subhendu Adhikary who holds sway on this land. However, a handful of veterans like party's district secretariat member Pranab Das, zonal secretary Sudarshan Manna are now a few who still dream of the turn around.The depleting mass base of the CPM, however, hasn't brought any change in the party legacy. Like earlier, a stranger would be allowed inside only after being convinced of the inquiry. Closed doors of the empty meeting rooms remind, once, these halls were the power centre of the district. Silent but quick service of a cup of tea will be followed by the leader's entry in a busy manner - an effort to maintain the old glory. Even party state secretary Biman Bose's presence and campaign on Friday could do little to enthuse the ranks scared of the Trinamool bahini. Ironically, four years ago Trinamool activists used to make the same complaint against Seth's brigade.\"Since the announcement of election date, on every alternative day, our workers, supporters even the candidates were either beaten up or threatened by Trinamool Congress. They are resisting us from campaigning. Even in presence of local administration and the Trinamool MP two hundred Trinamool supporters rallied across the road show of Biman Bose. What does it hint other than terrorizing?\" said Sudarshan Manna, the zonal secretary at Haldia who is the party election manager.Manna's apparent rival and the Trinamool's ally at Writers' and Delhi Congress shares a similar view and the same complaint against Trinamool MP Subhendu Adhikary. \"They (Trinamool) have threatened our candidates and supporters to not go out of their home during election. In broad day light they are gathering outsiders but police administration remains blind,\" alleged Urbashi Bhattacharya, Congress's election observer who claimed that Trinamool Congress has adopted similar terror tactics in Panskura - another municipality of the district which would go for polls on Sunday. The ruling party rubbished all these allegations and they said they were confident of a sweeping victory in both the municipalities in Sunday's polls.The ongoing factional feud between Trinamool's MP and MLA may hardly influence the result of the election here. For the outgoing Haldia Municipal Corporation chairperson Tamalika Ponda Seth, the election is a battle for her survival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13752439", "title": "Youth dies in car, mysteriously", "text": "PANCHKULA: A 22-year-old youth, Rajan, died under mysterious circumstances on Saturday afternoon in his car near Sector 16, Panchkula. The deceased, a resident of Sector 19 of Panchkula, had also fainted 10 days ago due to sunstroke. Rajan was rushed to general hospital, Sector 6, Panchkula, but was declared brought dead.Dr Rajesh from the general hospital said that exact cause of death would be known only after the autopsy.Tej Pal, the cop from Sector 16 police post who had got Rajan to the hospital, said, \"It was in the afternoon that we saw him lying in the car in a strange way.\" The body has been sent for post mortem, he added. Rajan's relative Vijay Kumar said he was fit but had fainted 10 days ago due to sunstroke. He was fine after that, added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13750143", "title": "Blackbuck rescued near Berhampur", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A male blackbuck was rescued by the villagers of Balipada, on the outskirts here on Friday. The mammal was later handed over to forest officials. \"We have decided to hand over the animal to Nandankanan authorities,\" said S S Mishra, DFO of Berhampur.This endangered species has been frequently straying into human habitations from the forest areas of Ganjam district. On Thursday, villagers of Babanapur near Aska rescued an adult blackbuck from the roadside. The animal was also handed over to the forest staff. \"We have released the animal into the nearby habitat after treatment,\" a forest officer said.A large number of blackbucks are found in Balipadar-Bhetanai area. They are probably migrating into human habitations in search of food and water after water bodies in their habitats have dried up because of the scorching heat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13753699", "title": "Glitz &amp; glamour mark fashion show", "text": "The city got a fashionable dose when The Times of India and Oudh Gymkhana Club in association with Shivansh Infraestate organised a fashion show -- Miss &amp; Mrs May Queen 2012. Lucknow's fashion aficionados got a chance to shake off their weekday blues at the fashion show. The show had a heady mix of songs, dances and the glamourous girls walking the ramp.The fashion show had two rounds -- Simple Walk &amp; Introduction, and the other being the question &amp; answer round. The mercury level soared a few degrees higher as the beauties started vying for the crown. A Special Ball Dance organised exclusively for Gymkhana Club members was another attraction of the evening.The judges for the event were RR Swaroop, president of Oudh Gymkhana Club, Amar Mishra, sales head (UP-E) MTS, Shaloo Tiwari, business entrepreneur and senior journalist Kulsum Talha.The titles for the Ms Best Smile went to Sidra, Ms Beautiful Skin to Nikita Kriplani, Ms Perfect 10 to Mehak, Ms Popular to Harmeet Kaur, Ms Event House to Bhoomika Kriplani and Ms Femina Lucknow Times to Priyanka Bagga. Soniya &amp; Sunny were adjudged the Best Dance Couple for the evening.The titles of May Princess 2012 and May Queen 2012 went to Priyanka Bagga and Shaloo Kohli respectively. Aadya Trivedi was adjudged May Princess first runners up and Simsi Madhok as May Queen first runners up.Post fashion show, everyone chilled out at the party where city's glitterati were spotted.The sponsors for the event were Shivansh Infraestate, MTS, Bhadawar Jewellers, Yamaha, Ada - designer chikan studio, Brawn and Club Mahindra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13754016", "title": "Four cops, lawyer injured in clash at police station", "text": "CHENNAI: A clash at the Ambattur police station on Friday between policemen and some lawyers turned into a serious issue on Saturday with the Madras high court issuing notice.Four policemen, including an inspector, sustained injuries and were admitted to the Government Kilpauk Medical College Hospital, while the advocates who went to admit a colleague to the Government General Hospital on Saturday attacked a medico. Later, over 200 medicos staged a sit-in protest at the hospital.Police registered cases against seven people, including two lawyers, for assaulting the policemen. They were later let off.The drama began on Friday when Alagumalai, 28, employee of a pharmacy in Oragadam, lodged a complaint at the Ambattur All-Women Police station saying his architect wife Latha, 22, was missing since Thursday. They had eloped three months ago and got married, he said.\"The woman's father Subramani and his lawyers Pandian and Idhayamudhan came to the police station where Alagumalai and Idhayamudhan began quarrelling before the lawyer lodged a complaint saying Alagumalai had threatened him. He insisted that Alagumalai be arrested but inspector George Miller Ponraj said an arrest could be made only after a detailed probe,\" said a senior police officer.Another argument broke out during which, police claimed, Pandian and six others, attacked inspector Ponraj, sub-inspectors Rajendran and Ganesan and constable Robinson. All four were injured and admitted to the KMCH.On Saturday, some advocates went to admit Idhayamudhan to the GH but were allegedly denied entry by Rajesh, a medico and they manhandled him, police said. Later, 200 medicos went on a flash strike, demanding action against those who attacked the doctor. .Later, after a representation before Chief Justice M Y Eqbal at his residence, a special bench heard the petition that the police officers' 'illegal acts' violated basic rights and the advocates' whereabouts were not known. It sought that the advocates be produced in court. The bench issued notice and directed the Commissioner of Police, the Ambattur deputy commissioner of police and inspector Ponraj to file a counter. The matter was adjourned to June 18 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753184", "title": "NRHM scam: CBI raids former BSP minister's homes, lodges new FIR", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI went full throttle in its NRHM probe on Saturday, raiding the properties of former BSP minister Anant Misra and lodging a fresh case into the \"mother of all misappropriations in the NRHM scam\", in which the accused are another Maya minister, Babu Singh Kushwaha , and senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla, both of them now in jail.Raids began at former health minister Anant Misra's (Antu) Lucknow home in Gomti Nagar and Civil Lines residence in Kanpur at 6 in the morning and continued till late in the evening. Sources said Antu was not at home when the raids began. The CBI is learnt to have questioned Antu's wife Shikha about her husband's whereabouts during the search. Shikha later described the CBI raid as political vendetta. The CBI is beloved to have seized a few files and two diaries during the searches at the two premises.The CBI is probing two aspects of the NRHM scam. It is looking into the murders of two CMOs (family welfare) and the mysterious death of a deputy CMO (Dr Y S Sachan) in an unused toilet of Lucknow's jail hospital. It is also looking into the financial irregularities that CAG has estimated at Rs 5,000 crore.The new FIR that CBI lodged in its Delhi headquarters deals with the gross irregularities committed in the posting of 100 CMOs (family welfare) after the health and family welfare ministry was bifurcated in 2010, a move which was strongly criticized by the Centre. The murders of the two CMOs also took place after the bifurcation.Apart from Kushwaha and Pradeep Shukla, who was NRHM mission director at the time of the scam, the FIR has named former director general (DG) medical health Dr SP Ram. CBI believes the posting of the CMOs was a big racket, with each posting fetching between Rs 15 lakh and Rs 20 lakh.As per the FIR, initial investigations have so far revealed that Kushwaha and Shukla were instrumental in bifurcation of the health and family welfare department after which the family welfare department was put under Kushwaha. The family welfare department was the nodal agency for almost 80% of all the contracts that had to be allotted under NRHM. The investigators said the bifurcation proposal was moved jointly by Kushwaha and Anant Misra on May 5, 2010, and sent to chief minister Mayawati for final approval. The entire exercise was conducted in undue haste, the CBI says in the FIR.The bifurcation was in complete violation of the norms laid down by the central government and despite a clear objection by the union health ministry, the Maya government took no corrective steps. The initial investigations described the bifurcation of the health department as \"the mother of all misappropriations in the NRHM scam\" as it helped the accused allot contracts to chosen parties in blatant violation of norms, sometimes at prices that were 10 to 15 times higher than market rates.Most of the CMOs are believed to have been posted on the recommendations of two middlemen -- Rashid Mallick alias Rashid Khan and Girish Mallick, who were listed contractors of the health department. They charged anything between Rs 15 lakh and Rs 20 lakh per posting which was then allegedly handed over to the minister. There were clear indications that the two were behind postings of at least 40-odd CMOs and district project officers. Some of those questioned in connection with the fresh case have alleged that the bribe money went Pradeep Shukla as well.The case has been registered under sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 420 (fraud), 468 &amp; 471 IPC and sections 7, 8, 10, 13(2) read with section 13 (1) (d) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (1988). It has been registered on the basis of the inquiry being conducted by the CBI on the directions of the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court issued on November 15, 2011, for a probe into alleged misutilization of NRHM funds.The crux of the FIR is that the then ministers of health and also family welfare allegedly conspired with the suppliers of medicines and surgical items and other private persons to misappropriate NRHM funds.The then family welfare minister allegedly entered into a criminal conspiracy with the then principal secretary, health, and others and conspired to bifurcate the department of health and family welfare so that the NRHM funds could be placed directly under the charge of the department of family welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "abuja", "code": "13785932", "title": "153 passengers feared killed as plane crashes in Nigeria", "text": "ABUJA: At least 153 people on board a passenger plane are feared to have died when a plane carrying them crashed into a building in a residential area of Nigeria's commercial capital Lagos on Sunday.The aircraft belonging to Dana air caught fire immediately sending billows of thick black smoke into the air at the Iju neighbourhood where it went down.Civil aviation authority officials believed there were little chances of finding any survivors.An eyewitness told PTI he does not believe any of the passengers survived the crash that happened near a bus stop in the Ifako Local Government Area of Lagos state.Besides the passengers and crew on the plane, residents of the house may add to the number of persons killed or injured in the crash.Emergency services, including fire fighters, were seen rushing to the area following the incident.The flight took off from Lagos on its way to the capital city of Abuja, National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) said.Harold Demureen, head of the oil rich African country's civil aviation authority confirmed the incident but did not give the casualty figures as yet.Nigeria had witnessed a number of plane crashes in 2005 and 2006 that led to stricter controls in the aviation sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13757196", "title": "Class X results: Fire victim girl scores 93%", "text": "SURAT: Immediately after the class X results for the examination conducted by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) were out, Jaimini Thakor had become a role model for her close friends.Jaimini, a resident of Adajan, was a victim of a fire accident that claimed the lives of 22 people 10 years ago. The fire broke out during a fight between relatives during a 'havan' ceremony at Shyam complex on Honey Park Road in Adajan. Jaimini and her mother were among the lucky survivors. Jaimini sustained 50 per cent burn injuries and was in critical condition. Though she recovered from the tragedy, the pain and injury marks stayed. Yet Jaimini managed to score 93.60 per cent marks with A1 grade in the examination.\"I want to become a gynaecologist. I know how important a doctor is in the life of a patient. I and my family members suffered severe injuries and could recover due to proper medication,\" Jaimini said.Her mother Bhavna is a teacher in a municipal school. She feels proud of her daughter. Family members attribute Jamini's good marks in class X to Bhavna's guidance. Bhavna, who had sustained 70 per cent burns in the fire accident, is an inspiration to Jaimini.Gulabsinh, father of Jaimini, is a homeopathy doctor. \"She is our only child. She was just five when the fire accident happened. However, through her hard work, she is carving her own destiny,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13755106", "title": "Twist in Ramajayam murder case as police teams dissolved", "text": "TRICHY: Adding a twist to the investigation into the high-profile murder of K N Ramajayam, the brother of former DMK minister K N Nehru that is heading nowhere even after two months, the deputy inspector general of police (DIG), as well as the commissioner of police (in-charge), Trichy A Amalraj reportedly dissolved a few special teams out of the seven that were formed to crack the case.Interestingly, only on Friday night Nehru had met Amalraj at the police control room in Trichy. Sources said that the meeting lasted for about half-an-hour after which the former minister left.However, police sources maintained that the decision came in the wake of the visit of the director general of police (DGP) to the city on May 28 and his subsequent meeting with top police officials in the absence of Shailesh Kumar Yadav, the Trichy police commissioner, who is on deputation to Andhra Pradesh as an election observer.The special teams headed by the inspectors of Fort, Thillai Nagar, Cantonment, Srirangam, AWPS Srirangam and Ariyamangalam police stations and an inspector Kodilingam from Kanyakumari were making no headway in the murder case for the past two months since Ramajayam was found murdered on March 29. At this juncture, Amalraj last week took additional charge as the commissioner of police, Trichy after the deputation of Yadav to Andhra Pradesh. Sources said that Yadav tried hard to avoid the deputation but it turned out to be a futile exercise.Subsequently, except the teams led by Fort, Thillai Nagar and Cantonment inspectors, the rest of the teams were reportedly dissolved by the Amalraj. Instead of them, he constituted new teams led by superintendent of police Xavier Dhanraj from Tiruvarur, ADSP Manivannan from Nagapattinam and ASP Vijayakumar from Vallam, Thanjavur.When contacted, Amalraj, initially refused the reports that he dissolved the teams. However, he admitted the fact that inspector Kodilingam from Kanyakumari was sent back from one of the special teams he was serving and also said that Tiruvarur SP Xavier Dhanraj would take charge for some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13787704", "title": "David Billa to release on June 15", "text": "The stage is being readied for the music launch of Ajith's much awaited gangster drama, David Billa. The music will be launched in Hyderabad tomorrow. A sequel to Billa the movie traces the story of the rise of Billa from a small time guy to a dreaded international don. Ajith, Parvathy Omanakuttan, Bruna Abdullah and Vidyut are playing the lead roles in the movie. Chakri Tholeti is directing the movie. Shobha Rani is producing the Telugu version of the movie set to release on June 15. The stylized action sequences and Ajith's action are touted to be the highlights of the movie. Yuvan Shankar Raja has composed the music for the movie which has become extremely popular in Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750325", "title": "Hyderabad gears up for transit of Venus treat", "text": "HYDERABAD: A rare celestial event, the transit of Venus, when the planet passes directly between the earth and the sun, will occur on June 6.In Hyderabad, the spectacle will be visible between 5.42am and 10.22am. As the transit takes place, Venus will appear as a small black dot moving across the face of the sun. The next transit of Venus will not occur before 2117. Experts have warned against looking at the sun with naked eyes, binoculars or a telescope during the event as it could result in serious injury or blindness. Special glasses - the ones used to watch eclipses - have to be worn to watch the celestial spectacle.\"There won't be a repeat of this in our lifetimes. During the transit, Venus will pass directly in front of the sun, from earth's perspective, appearing as a small, slow-moving black dot,\" said Raghunandan Kumar of Planetary Society, India. On June 6, the Andhra Pradesh State Council of Science and Technology, in association with Planetary Society will hold observation camps on Necklace Road and other venues including Amravati Talent School in Sitaphalmandi, Delhi School of Excellence at Attapur and Chaitanya Residential School in Uppal. Solar filters will be provided at all the venues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13756749", "title": "Wakeup alarm for Chhagan Bhujbal", "text": "When the NCP nominated Jayant Jadhav, a close aide of guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal, for legislative council election, it was presumed that it would be a cakewalk. Boisterous NCP leaders were confident of garnering at least 300 of the 475 votes, as there were 145 voters from the NCP, 77 from Congress and 81 from other parties (like Teesra Mahaz from Malegaon and Janrajya), who were expected to support Jadhav.However, counting of ballots revealed that Jadhav and his rival Shiv Sena's Shivaji Sahane polled 224 votes each. Another scrutiny saw it tied at 221 votes that shattered NCP and the Bhujbal clan. A subsequent draw of lots went in favour of Jadhav that served as a face-saving development for the NCP.Sahane has decided to challenge the election of Jadhav, but whatever be the outcome, the fact that Sahane could secure 221 votes is a severe jolt to the NCP in general and Bhujbal in particular. While Bhujbal's detractors have claimed that it is the beginning of the end for the clan, Bhujbal has admitted to largescale cross-voting from the NCP-Congress camp.There is an anti-Bhujbal chorus, with his detractors, both within and outside his party, teaming up to end the hegemony of the Bhujbal clan in Nashik.The most vocal detractor being the Congress MLA from Sinnar, Manikrao Kokate, who is gradually being groomed by his party to take on Bhujbal. Sahane has appealed to Bhujbal's detractors to join hands in ushering in the politics of pre-2004 days, which means Nashik without Bhujbal. The prime grouse being touted by Bhujbal's detractors is his highhandedness, nepotism and special attention to his Mali community. He has also received flak for promoting history-sheeters like Suhas Kande, who switched over from MNS to NCP and is currently externed from Nashik.It appears that the caste schism would come to the fore more strongly by 2014, when the Lok Sabha and assembly elections are due. It may be the repetition of 2009 polls, when the Maratha leaders had teamed up against Bhujbal, who is an OBC leader and wants to nurture Nashik as the political haven for his clan. His claim that even Maratha leaders like Jayant Jadhav are with him may have little impact in reversing the widening rift on caste lines.The tie between Jadhav and Sahane for the MLC election has the potential of signalling the beginning of the end of Bhujbal's hegemony in Nashik politics. The MLC election result has delivered a severe jolt to his political ambitions and indicated that his stranglehold over Nashik has loosened.Choosing a loserWhile the MLC election result has come as a warning bell for the Bhujbal clan, the electoral process for declaring the winner after the tie between NCP nominee Jayant Jadhav and Shiv Sena's Shivaji Sahane, raised eyebrows.Usually, after a tie, the winner is chosen through a draw of lots. The names of the candidates are written on chits and one of them is picked up to declare the winner. In the case of the MLC election, the winner Jayant Jadhav was chosen through a draw of lots, but with a difference. Before the draw of lots, the returning officer and district collector P Velrasu said that a chit would be picked up and the candidate, whose name would figure on it, would be the loser. Accordingly, a chit was picked that contained Sahane's name.Receiving endDistrict collector P Velrasu, who is also officiating as the municipal commissioner, is at the receiving end.The opposition parties led by the Shiv Sena's MLC candidate Shivaji Sahane and the district president of his party Vijay Karanjkar have accused Velrasu, who was the returning officer for the poll, of lapses in counting invalid votes. Interestingly, not only the opposition, but even guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal has started targeting Velrasu. Bhujbal had blamed the local administration (read Velrasu) for not tackling the water scarcity in Manmad town (that falls in Bhujbal's son Pankaj's assembly constituency). Velrasu has responded that Manmad municipal council is administered by the state government and is not under his jurisdiction.Besides, after the MLC poll, Bhujbal questioned the judgement of Velrasu in declaring a number of votes invalid, thereby raising eyebrows among political circles, especially the opposition that believes that Velrasu has always been in the good books of Bhujbal.NCP Vs NCPAfter the minister for water supply Laxman Dhobale (NCP) opined that the media exaggerated the water and fodder scarcity in the state and that the situation was not as bad, PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal (NCP) snapped that the situation was bad, questioning the outbursts of the former.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752662", "title": "Over 10 lakh appear for teacher exam, huge rush at stations", "text": "JAIPUR: More than 10 lakh candidates attended the grade-III teacher recruitment exam held at more than thousands of centres in the state on Sunday. Though some of the candidates were annoyed with the arrangements, the exam passed off peacefully.According to sources in the education department, the exam took place in 33 districts at 3,329 centres. Nearly 11.71 lakh candidates participated in the exam.Anticipating minor scuffles after the Barmer incident in which some BEd candidates were thrashed by others, district officials made elaborate security at all centres.\"In Jaipur, a large number of policemen were deployed at exam centres. No untoward incident took place anywhere in and around the city,\" said a senior police officer.The exam was held in two sessions. In Jaipur, there were 11 exam centres for the first session which was for teachers meant for Class I to V while 66 centres were for candidates appearing in second session for Class VI to VIII.At some centres in Jaipur, the parents of the candidates complained of poor facilities and said that district administration and examination authorities should have made some temporary shades for people waiting for the candidates.\"Aspirants of various exams and their relatives are treated very badly. I think since a candidate pays the exam fee, he deserves a better treatment,\" said Aniket Rahi, father of a candidate waiting outside a centre.Meanwhile, the district administration in Barmer, Nagaur, Pali, Alwar, Jodhpur and Chittorgarh deployed a large number of people at exam centres.After the exam, there was a huge rush at the Central bus stand and Jaipur railway station. Many candidates who failed to get a seat inside the train and buses were seen sitting on top.At the Jaipur railway station, officials of Railway Protection Force (RPF) had a hard time controlling the rush in the evening trains. Some of the candidates were detained at the central bus stand by Sindhi camp police station and were released after a warning.Some of the candidates said that in the first session exam, there were 140 questions which were based on history. Some of the candidates said that the second session exam was tougher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758894", "title": "Five more chain-snatching cases reported in three days", "text": "PUNE: The city over the last three days (between Thursday and Saturday) recorded five more incidents of chain-snatching, wherein gold ornaments worth Rs Rs 1.46 lakh were stolen.On Saturday, two unidentified men on a motorcycle intercepted Priya Waman Prabhu (66), a resident of Wanowrie, under the pretext of asking her the way to former MLA Balasaheb Shivarkar's office. The men threatened Prabhu and snatched her mangalsutra worth Rs 42,000at knife-point and fled the spot. The incident took place at Tatya Tope society main gate in Wanowrie around 9.35am. Prabhu has registered a complaint with the Wanowrie police.On the same day, about half an hour later, two motorcycle-borne men stopped Sushma Tare (72), a resident of Tingrenagar, to enquire about an address and snatched her mangalsutra worth Rs 47,000. The incident took place near the gate of Suvidha housing society at Tingrenagar. Tare has registered a complaint at the Vishrantwadi police station.On Friday, Janaki Ramchandra Ayachit (85) of Tawre Colony registered a complaint with the Dattawadi police station stating that two men on a motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 30,000 minutesafter she stepped out of her bungalow for a stroll around 8am.In a complaint filed with the Khadak police on Thursday, Meenaz Kasim Shaikh (35) of Lokmanyanagar said two motorcycle-borne men snatched her chain while she was passing via Swargate-Khadakmal Ganpati Road around 10.40pm.Earlier, on the same day afternoon, Madhukar Gholap (59) a resident of Hingne Khurd on Sinhagad road and her husband fell off from the motorcycle after the suspects also travelling on a bike pushed them at Vimanagar chowk around 1.50pm. One of the men snatched her chain and made a daring escape. Gholap lodged a complaint with the Airport police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13752690", "title": "Sharad Pawar slams chief minister over slow decision-making process", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar seems to be on a collision course with his arch political rival, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Pawar, who was addressing a party workers' rally, indirectly attacked Chavan, saying the decision-making process in Maharashtra has come to a grinding halt and leading industrial houses are taking their business to neighbouring states.The Union minister mentioned that the Mahindra Group has decided to shift its Nashik unit to a neighbouring state following a dispute over refund of sales tax here.Chavan quickly responded to Pawar's allegations, saying the decision-making process has been expedited and all decisions taken by his government have been implemented in letter and spirit. \"We can send Pawar a copy of all the decisions taken by my government,'' Chavan told TOI. \"It appears Pawar was referring to the amendments to finance rules on to value added tax. It's a proposal mooted by the Centre and there is no scope for the state government to step in,'' Chavan said.A senior Congress minister termed Pawar's criticism of the state government, in which is party (the NCP) is a coalition partner unfortunate. \"Pawar might have raised certain personal issues before Chavan and when these were not addressed, he started criticizing the CM,\" he said.Pawar also took a dig at the UPA-II and called for an immediate review of a section of schemes subsidy policies of the Manmohan Singh-led government.The Centre has allocated over Rs 1.10 lakh crore for the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, has granted a subsidy of Rs 80,000 crore on fertilizers and Rs one lakh crore on diesel and kerosene. \"Total subsidy given by the Centre is around Rs 4.5 lakh crore. It is time the Centre reviews its subsidy policy,'' he said.In the recent past, Pawar has strongly criticized the Centre and the state government over dismal performance. A month ago, Pawar had taken on the prime minister, when he had passed strictures against the UPA constituents.In the presence of Pawar, state NCP president Madhukar Pichad was re-elected, while senior NCP leader and legislator Hemant Takle was elected treasurer of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13752667", "title": "Debate over online prospectus goes on", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the peak admission season in city colleges here, uncertainty prevails over release of \"online\" edition of joint prospectus of government colleges. With most private colleges slated to release their prospectus this week, students' anxious queries are bothering government college officials.A decision is pending on whether the online joint prospectus should be released be on the same day as the sale of hard copy of prospectus around June 11 or prior to it. With director higher education, D K Tewari not being in city, the decision is pending. \"I feel that the online prospectus should be released earlier. Students would want to compare courses and fee with other aided and semi-aided colleges and the deadline for joint prospectus may be too late. There are bright chances that eventually we may have to make it available to students online,\" said Mani Bedi, principal, Post-graduate Government College in Sector 42.While MCM DAV College in Sector 36, which continues to be the top choice among female students, has already released its prospectus, the prospectus of Post-graduate Government College for Girls in Sector 11, which is another sought after college, is awaited. Government Home Science College in Sector 10 is slated to release its prospectus this week.\"The decision continues to remain pending on whether to make online prospectus available early. We need to wait and watch till Monday to take a final call on the matter,\" said Achla Dogra, principal, PGCGC, Sector 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13774657", "title": "Robin Gibb\u2019s family reveal knighthood campaign", "text": "Robin Gibb's family campaigned for the tragic singer to be knighted before his death.The Bee Gees legend, whose funeral will be held on Friday, lost his battle with cancer last month, aged 62.His cousin Hazel Gibb has said that relatives had asked for Gibb to be honoured with the title.\"It takes 12 to 18 months and we knew Robin was on borrowed time,\" the Daily Star quoted her as saying.\"Time wasn't a luxury we could afford. We actually think he probably would have received a knighthood in this year's honours,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13759042", "title": "BJP gains from wards distribution power", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led ruling party has gained two zones from the wards distribution thus fuelling a new controversy. The Congress-led opposition group has decided to take objection and raise the issue with the state government.The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) provides civic service distributing the entire city into 10 zones. With the new two-member ward system coming into effect, the existing 72 wards were to be distributed among 10 zones. After taking long time, the administration distributed the wards among 10 zones and sent the proposal to the general body. In the meeting held on April 30, the general body gave the powers of zone-wise distribution to mayor Anil Sole.After considering the suggestions and objections from the corporators, Sole finalized the zone-wise wards and sent it to the municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal who gave approval on Saturday.The zone-wise wards distribution was important for just providing the civic service till three years back. The post of zone chairperson, also known as mini-mayor, was formed by the state government before three years. Thus, the zone-wise wards distribution became important for the political parties too.According to the administration's proposal submitted to the general body, the BJP-led ruling party would have got six of 10 zones leaving three for Congress and one for BSP. In the revised distribution, Sole has changed the wards from one zone to other in two zones for ruling party's gain. According to the revised one, BJP may get 7 of 10 zones. Congress and BSP will get one each and the last being tied between Congress and BJP (with BSP holding the trump card).For example, Laxmi Nagar Zone had 13 corporators including 7 of Congress and 6 of BJP. In the revised one, Sai Mandir ward representing two BJP corporators has been placed in Laxmi Nagar Zone. Thus, the BJP will have 8 corporators and may defeat the Congress. Similarly, the Mhalgi Nagar ward has been placed from Nehru Nagar Zone to Hanuman Nagar Zone.However, Sole has taken a good decision to shift Civil Lines Ward from Mangalwari Zone to Dharampeth Zone following request from corporator Pragati Patil. The ward will get best services from Dharampeth Zone.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre and senior corporator from Laxmi Nagar Zone Praful Gudadhe has alleged it as an conspiracy and wished to raise objection with the civic chief and state government.Rubbishing the allegations, Sole and leader of ruling party Praveen Datke said that the changes were made as per suggestions of corporators and also to provide proper services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13759135", "title": "'Nagpur is not a student-friendly city'", "text": "Seen as 'young and dynamic' among his peers, the director of Tirpude College's management course is known to speak his mind at all times. Lalit Khullar does the same in a tete-a-tete with TOI about what ails the MBA education scene in Nagpur.Excerpts from the interview...Q. It has been nearly decades that MBA courses are being offered by NU but still our city does not rank among the top destinations for students.A. Management education is very closely linked to development of corporate sector in any city. The development could be either in manufacturing, services or IT; management education follows the trend of industrialization and growth in the services/IT sector. Management education needs inputs from the corporate sector on a regular basis and not just once in a while guest lectures, which is the scene in Nagpur. Because of this, MBA in Nagpur is poor compared to some other cities. Add to this factors like lack of vision of the promoters, poor infrastructure and general apathy that make Nagpur a non-destination.Q. You are also on the inspection panel of AICTE. What really is different in better colleges that you visit?A. There are quite a few tangible and intangible differences, particularly the colleges in larger cities. Among the tangible differences are facilities like libraries, computing, particularly the overall student management systems that are IT-enabled, number of qualified faculty members, etc. These are, however, easily replicable. What are not are the intangible differences. I am very sorry to say Nagpur is not a very student friendly city. The people, the markets, and most importantly Nagpur University are not positively inclined towards students. NU has systems and processes that are administration centric rather than student centric.Among other intangibles, right from the trust and its office bearers to the students, there is a general 'jugaad' mentality that works here. The awareness levels of students are poor in comparison to those from other cities and so is the vision of the trustees. The level of industry support in Nagpur is abysmal with very few organizations willing to come forward to offer live projects or opportunities to students unless they get the students for free.Q. There is a lot of talk on curriculum being not up to date, but then in today's world it will be the case with every subject. Can we keep changing the curriculum so often?A. Curriculum alone does not a student make! Let us understand one thing very clearly. The basics and fundamentals of management education aren't changing. The only thing that changes is how we need to teach the students to apply their knowledge. All you have to do is simply copy the curriculum of any good B-school like, say, Harvard or Stanford or INSEAD . What good will it do if you cannot fathom how to teach its application? So, I feel constantly changing curriculum is nothing but trying to put the blame on poor curriculum for our shortcomings.Q. You are known to have strong opinions about the evaluation system being used in universities. What are your thoughts? How can we make it better?A. Universities need to understand what are their objectives. Are they merely bodies incorporated to award degrees or are they supposed to ensure knowledge dispersion. How ridiculous it sounds when we proudly say, \"I have passed MBA in first division or secured 7.8 GPA or I have secured 70% in MBA\". This implies that the University has certified that I am 30% insufficiently prepared to face the world of business and economy? Whoever came up with this system of awarding marks/grades in MBA needs a whack on their backside. Very frankly if I have attended a B-school and complied with all requirements of the programme then I am supposed to be equipped to deal with the world of business and economy. In such a situation, I should be awarded a certificate saying I have attended and complied with the requirements of the programme. That's it. In all other cases I should not be awarded a certificate.As far as evaluation of MBA students is concerned, I feel the present system should be done away with and soon. Semester end examinations are a pain for the whole society and we all end up being evaluated for our performance on the day of the exam. In case if I'm having bad day, will it haunt me for my life? Let's do away with this and instead have evaluations based on year long performance, performance in live projects throughout the year and students' performance in all assignments and class activities.Did any of the gurus in ancient India ever certify their own students as being 50% ready of 80% ready?Q. Do you think we have too many colleges and very few students? Quantity is clearly weighing over quality in Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13749665", "title": "Locals turn activists, help Ranchi Lake breathe afresh", "text": "RANCHI: Over 50,000 people living around Ranchi's largest pond, the Bada Talab ( Ranchi Lake) are happy after locals from various voluntary organisations got together to clean up the water, which was choking with hyacinths.It was only after the locals resorted to Gandhigiri that the lake could breathe afresh. \"We started shramdan (labour donation) and cleaned it ourselves. Our good work caught the attention of the people concerned and support arrived from various NGOs as well as from the RMC,\" said Rajeev Ranjan Mishra, patron of the Ranchi Jheel Bachao Abhiyan Samiti (RJBAS).The lake is spread over 52 acres of land. The water of this lake never dries up regardless of the temperature. Many years ago, people used to drink water from this lake. Today the lake is the reason behind spread of diarrhoea and waterborne diseases in the area. Many drains empty effluents into this lake. The polluted water has affected ground water in the surrounding areas as well. Locals say that wells and hand pumps are also spewing contaminated water. But the authorities are not worried, claim locals.In the past, protests and dharnas had not worked so this time the activists planned to go the Gandhian way to improve things. And they started presenting a bouquet of stinking water hyacinths from the lake to political leaders.\"We presented a bouquet) to the Jharkhand Speaker C P Singh and appraised him of the situation,\" said Ranjeet Chaurasia, one of the activists. A bottle of stinking water from the lake was also presented to the Speaker.Similarly, deputy CM Hemant Soren and Congress MP Subodh Kant Sahay were also presented with bouquets. As CM Arjun Munda was recovering from his ill-fated helicopter crash, he was spared. The activists, however, submitted a memorandum to Munda. After this the Speaker , RMC commissioner and a host of authorities visited the spot.The non-violent way worked wonderfully, but the Gandhigiri continues. \"We are demanding the diversion of all the six drains which empty into the lake, construction of a boundary wall, stoppage of garbage disposal near the pond and cleaning the dirty water,\" said Rajesh Pal, an activist.On Sunday, the activists will form a human chain near the main ghat of the talab to reiterate their demands. A signature campaign is going on for the past 18 days. Over 2,000 people have signed it. There is also a Facebook campaign. The protestors will meet the Jharkhand governor, Syed Ahmed, on June 20 if the demands are not met.The success of Gandhigiri has inspired others as well. Locals in Tupudana on Friday started a similar campaign to revive their pond Pugdu Talab. The pond is spread over three acres of land and is used by hundreds of locals for everyday use. Another smaller pond Dashawali Talab, spread over an acre of land in Harmu, is also drying up. But it has not attracted the attention of the authorities. Ponds in Chutia and Dhurwa are also drying up and are dirty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13757370", "title": "Stop throwing money at poor: Mani Shankar Aiyar", "text": "Rajya Sabha MP and former Union minister Mani Shankar Aiyar tells Anahita Mukherji what India needs to do improve its human development indicatorsWhere have we gone wrong?The reason there seems to be no connection between outlays and outcomes has much to do with what Rajiv Gandhi estimated over 30 years ago, about how 85 paise of every rupee spent on development goes into administrative expenses . This is largely because programmes intended for the same set of beneficiaries are subdivided among approximately 140 schemes, each of which is delivered by a separate silo, mutually insulated from all other silos, into the same bin but without there being any possibility of convergence.So, what's the solution?The bulk of the money should be sent directly from the state governments to the local bodies and tracked electronically . We have to get back to the Gandhian concept of using the local bodies and neighbouring communities as the most important instrument for the delivery of public goods and services. Just throwing money at the poor, which is the system favoured by the finance ministry and planning commission, is not the option.India ranks 129 out of 147 countries in the UNDP Gender Inequality Index. Why?The index takes into account only political empowerment in parliament and the legislatures, but not in the local bodies, where it matters most. A poor woman can only be empowered by the Panchayati Raj. Out of 3.2 million elected representatives in local bodies in India, 1.2 million are women, of whom 86,000 are office- bearers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13751956", "title": "NIA close to filing maiden case against Maoist chief Ganpathy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) could soon file its maiden case against elusive CPI (Maoist) chief Muppalla Lakshman Rao alias Ganpathy. The agency is likely to book Ganpathy in the case against Central Technical Committee member Sadanala Ramkrishna, who was recently arrested from Kolkata.NIA claims it has found evidence of Ganpathy's involvement in the arms manufacturing conspiracy through independent witnesses, who were once part of the Maoist Central Committee (CC). This would also be one of the rare instances where an agency has found credible evidence, which it claims would stand legal scrutiny, against the CPI (Maoist) general secretary.In most Naxal violence cases, where Ganpathy has been named as an accused, it has been because of him being the chief of the banned organization.NIA, which took over the arms manufacturing case in March, has charged Ramkrishna as being the chief architect of the Maoist arms manufacturing programme, where close to 6,000 low-cost rocket launchers are feared to have been indigenously assembled and transported to the jungles of Chhattisgarh.According to NIA sources, a team from the agency has been touring Kolkata, Jharkhand, Odisha and Andhra Pradesh to collect evidence against Ramakrishna and Ganpathy. An officer privy to investigation details said, \"The agency has recorded statements of certain former Central Committee members who have given details with time and location of meetings that took place between Ramakrishna and Ganpathy where the latter first mooted the idea of manufacturing rocket launchers and asked Ramakrishna to set up the infrastructure for it.\"Sources said that Ramakrishna, who is believed to have succeeded slain Maoist leader Kishenji to oversee operations in eastern India, was in direct touch with Ganpathy. Ramakrishna is regarded for his long association with the movement, besides his expertise as a trained engineer comes in handy in manufacturing arms.The evidence against Ganpathy, said sources, was crucial since it is difficult to get legally tenable material against Maoist ideologues who never directly take part in any operation. \"We have enough evidence against Ramakrishna as we have found parts of rocket launcher and money on him. It is the evidence against Ganpathy that was difficult to get. Arrested accused often take Ganpathy's name, but that's not admissible in a court of law unless it's a confession. Also, only naming Ganpathy on the basis of some Maoist propaganda material seized from an accused will eventually fall flat in court if and when Ganpathy is arrested. This is one of the prime reasons why many arrested ideologues get acquitted,\" explained the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13757662", "title": "Chinese egg, sperm donors get richer", "text": "BEIJING: China's hospitals are offering sperm donors about 5,000 yuan ($785.05) to meet the demand of infertile couples. Female egg donors are paid three to four times more since egg extraction is a complicated process, a source said.Major hospitals make it mandatory for donors to visit the sperm centre about 10 times, and the hospital will have the right to impregnate up to five women with the sperm. The Jiangsu Provincial recently announced it was raising the price from 4,000 yuan to 5,000 yuan per donor.Donors must sign a contract saying they would not go to any other sperm bank. The idea is to enable one institution to track an individual and avoid the possibility of incest, in case future descendants of a particular donor marry or have a sexual relationship.In India, hospitals pay sperm donors about Rs 300 to Rs 500 despite the rush caused by a recent Bollywood movie, Vicky Donor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13754325", "title": "Gutka, pan masala can be bad for sex life, says study", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The gutka-pan masala ban in the state seems to be a timely decision. For, a recent study by Chandigarh-based Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (IMER) has proven that gutka use can affect productivity of sex hormones in males and females.The study, which was conducted in animals, found that gutka use affects the normal function of a key family of enzymes, known as CYP-450. The CYP-450 enzymes produce testosterone in males and estrogen in females. The study raises concern as 13.1% of males and 8.5% of females in Kerala consume smokeless tobacco products according to a recent survey.Indian Medical Association (IMA), Trivandrum chapter president, Dr Sreejith N.Kumar, points out two aspects of tobacco use that could damage sexual life. \"Use of tobacco in any form leads to atherosclerosis or the narrowing of blood vessels and reduces blood flow to the genital organ, leading to erectile dysfunction in males,\" he says.\"Also chronic tobacco use leads to heart attacks and other diseases such as hypertension, which reduces exercise capacity. Post treatment, patients are advised controlled sexual activity leading to reduced quality of life. Some of the drugs prescribed for heart conditions also impair active sexual health,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13755505", "title": "Discover actor Rajkumar as a person", "text": "BANGALORE: When he was alive, he strode as a colossus across the Kannada film industry. Six years after his death, the legacy of thespian Rajkumar lives on undimmed.On Saturday, a book 'Person Behind the Personality', based on narratives by his actor-son Puneet Rajkumar, was released here. Parvathamma Rajkumar bought the first copy for Rs 1 lakh, and many others present at the function also bought copies for the same amount.\"It took me 3-4 years to collect photographs of Appaji from various places across the state. We have printed 3,000 copies and the money collected through sales will go to a trust and it'll be given to Kannada schools for their development. Ever since I started the Kannada version of 'Kaun Banega Crorepati', I have begun to realize the importance of education,\" Puneeth said on the occasion.Rajkumar's other son Raghavendra said the book is an account of how the matinee idol as a human being dealt with various roles in real life. Litterateur Baraguru Ramachandrappa said Rajkumar is perhaps the only person on whom 67 books have been written.PBS gets awardAt the same function, Parvathamma Rajkumar presented the Dr Rajkumar Sauharda Prashasti to three persons, including veteran playback singer PB Srinivos, who has sung hundred-odd songs for Rajkumar before the legendary actor himself started singing in his films.\"He used to call me as 'shaareera' (voice) and describe himself as only 'sharira' (body). I'm happy to receive this award,\" the octogenarian singer said. Veteran theatre artiste Ranganayakamma and film director Chi Datturaj were also given the award which carries a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh and a memento.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13786118", "title": "SSC results: Ten hearing impaired kids from Vadodara clear the exam", "text": "VADODARA: Ten deaf students who were groomed by city-based Akshar Centre to sit for SSC exams conducted by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board have cleared the exams this year.These students were educated at Akshar Centre For Hearing Impaired Children which operates from Nagar Prathmik School number 6.\"Many of these students had joined when they were young children. Most of them belong to the economically weaker sections of society. They now form part of the 57 hearing impaired students who have passed from our centre, some of whom are now studying at M S University,\" Nisha Grover, managing trustee of Akshar Trust that runs the centre told TOI on Sunday.\"These students have been educated at our centre where hearing aids are essential to the programme. We have managed to raise money to provide state-of-the art hearing aids to most of our students while total communication is the mode of communication that we follow,\" she said.The centre which is in its 25 th year of operation, has not only integrated hearing impaired kids into regular schools of the city but has also been able to place them in nearly a dozen odd industries, NGOs and public sector units.\"All of them are first enrolled in the early intervention programme, which has been designed to make the deaf child acquire language and speech skills so that he or she can be part of society,\" added Grover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13750566", "title": "Pattabhirama Rao\u2019s claims found false: CBI", "text": "The false claims of disgraced CBI court judge T Pattabhirama Rao were further exposed on Saturday. The judge, whose bank locker yielded more than Rs 3 crore in CBI searches, claimed that this money were proceeds of sale of land at his native place of Chilakaluripet in Guntur. The CBI officials collected the details of the land said to have been sold by Pattabhirama Rao and his kin and the persons who had bought it. The CBI officials went to Chilakaluripet and verified with the local people and also with the sub-registrar office and other sources and came to the conclusion that Pattabhi's claims in this regard were not true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13738630", "title": "TV shows are getting bolder: Adaa Khan", "text": "Television actor Adaa Khan gets up, close and personal during her visit to the city APNU AMDAVAD I had always heard that Ahmedabad is hot, and I completely agree to it. The sun really hits your head in Ahmedabad. But I must say I had an awesome time in the city. I ate most of the local delicacies, and also took home mithais and snacks from special shops. I really took back the memories with me to Mumbai. I sipped chai at the kitli , it was fun. The road here are broad and awesome. People are humble, friendly and really know how to take good care of guests. Their gestures are worth an applaud.COMMERCIALS RULE I was in Ahmedabad to shoot for a commercial. Just like my character princess Amrit in Amrit Manthan, I play a strong character in the advertisement too. TV actors are really making it big in the ad world. Audiences really connect to TV actors - they are considered as family members. Television's reach is very big and that helps to connect with a lot of people. For me the situation is different as I started with commercials and then got TV shows. I never gave up on commercials.BOLD AND BEAUTIFUL Audiences are getting broad minded and that is making TV shows bolder these days. But I am sure it won't be as bold as films. TV shows are watched by all family members together so it isn't possible to get very bold. The limits won't be crossed.PICTURE IT I have an amazing collection of all my articles and latest photo shoots in my make-up room. I am not obsessed but I love collecting articles written about me. As a child, our parents collect our pictures and I am doing it now. I also pin up all these things as I don't want people to get bored when they come to meet me on the sets.FAMILY MATTERS It can be said that I take care of my family. My dad recently retired, and I have a younger brother. My elder brother is married and settled. I am the only daughter and I love being pampered by all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13755900", "title": "'Exhaust appeal remedy before approaching Goa state information commission'", "text": "PANAJI: In a significant order, the Goa state information commission (GSIC) has held that an applicant should not approach it in a complaint under Section 18 of the Right To Information (RTI) Act when there is scope to file a first appeal under Section 19 (1) before the first appellate authority.The observation relates to an application filed by RTI activist Kashinath Shetye before the public information officer of the water resources department (WRD). When Shetye could not get the information he sought, he directly appealed to the GSIC, instead of making his first appeal before the first appellate authority of the WRD. When the avenue of first appeal under Section 19 (1) of the RTI Act is available to an RTI applicant, he should not be encouraged to skip that level and reach the GSIC in a complaint under Section 18, especially when the relief sought by him could be best provided through the process of first appeal, the commission has stated.The Goa state chief information commissioner, M S Keny, advised the RTI applicant to approach the first appellate authority if he thought that his request for information was denied by the public information officer of the department. Instead of approaching the first appellate authority, the applicant directly made his second appeal to the GSIC. In its order, the commission also ordered the WRD's PIO to furnish the information to the applicant.Referring to Section 18, the commission observed thus: \"Constructively interpreted, these would imply that Section 18 should be invoked, provided other provisions of this Act, relevant to the subject of the petition, have been earlier invoked, or if there are grounds to hold that the petitioner was prevented from invoking those provisions to seek appropriate relief.\"Noting that Section 18 cannot be allowed to be used as a substitute, the commission directed Shetye \"to file his first appeal before the appellate authority, and should he still be dissatisfied with the orders of the appellate authority he may approach the commission in a second appeal/complaint\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13756208", "title": "Falling, luxury tax cut may boost monsoon tourism in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: While most people are affected by the sliding value of the rupee, which has even caused a steep hike in petrol prices, not everyone is complaining about the currency losing its sheen.The tourism sector in the state is buoyant about the situation since Goa is set to witness a rise in the number of tourists visiting the state as many Indians have cancelled their plans of holidaying abroad due to the fall in the value of the rupee.Travel operators STOI spoke to, claim that inquiries for packages to Goa have increased and June is expected to see a huge influx of tourists.Nilesh Shah of Raj Travels told STOI, \"Tourists who were to travel to the far east and other cheaper foreign destinations will change their plans due to the rising dollar,\" while adding that high-end tourists who had already made foreign holiday plans, may not change them.He felt Goa is a good monsoon tourism destination as the pricing was competitive. Shah said Goa would now attract more people looking to hold their conferences, seminars and meetings. He also felt Goa was a preferred destination for short packages. \"Hotels have a good occupancy and 70-75% of the rooms in hotels are occupied,\" Shah said.Harpal Singh of Minar Travels was also of the view that \"the rising value of the dollar has forced everyone to rethink their travel plans\".Ralph De Souza, spokesperson of Travel and Tourism Association of Goa (TTAG), was also of the view that Goa would attract more domestic tourists not just due to the fall in the value of the rupee, but also as the state government had cut the luxury tax for the off-season in the budget.\"Foreign travel will reduce,\" he told STOI, with regard to the rise in the value of the dollar.\"Many tourists who would have to pay in dollars for hotels, rooms, and transport at a foreign destination will prefer to come to Goa,\" he said.De Souza also noted that since the air turbine fuel was cheaper in Goa, more airlines preferred to fly to Goa which resulted in more seats to Goa and cheaper fares. \"With all these factors, the cost of packages can rationalize. We're hopeful that this will also result in an increase in the number of tourists coming to Goa,\" said De Souza.He estimated that the increase would be in the region of 5%. Besides, it will also salvage the estimated 10% fall in tourists coming to the state due to certain central budget measures.Swapnil Naik, director of tourism, told STOI, \"We feel that this time there will be an increase in tourists coming to Goa. We observed a growing trend towards monsoon tourism in the state and occupancy had gone up by 60-65% during the monsoon season last year.\"\"Even now, hotel occupancy is almost 100% and this will continue for the next two weeks,\" he added.Goa hosted 27 lakh tourists in the recently concluded tourism season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13758699", "title": "Bharatiya Republican Paksh, Bahujan Mahasangh stage rasta roko", "text": "AKOLA: The activists of BRP-BMS came to streets to protest the arrest of party supremo Prakash Ambedkar in Sidhharth College case at Mumbai late Friday evening.Rasta roko was staged in front of the district collectorate in which Pushpa Ingle, Akola ZP president, Baliram Siraskar, BRP-BMS MLA, city mayor Jyotsna Gawai, her husband Gautam Gawai, DN Khandare, Dilip Tayde, Arundhati Sirsat, BRP-BMS district women front chief and others participated. Later, they submitted a memorandum.The rasta roko was also staged at Balapur, Akot, Murtizapur and Telhara.Trader robbed of Rs 5.5 lakhAkola: Vijay Khotwani, a prominent trader in electronic gadgets, was robbed of a cash of Rs 5.5 lakh near Tower Chowk here Friday night.Khotwani arrived in Akola by railway after recovery of bills at Hingoli. He then hired an auto for proceeding to his house. When he boarded the auto, two persons were already sitting while another joined them midway. The auto was stopped near Tower Square. The miscreants took away the cash leaving behind empty suitcase. The trader reported the matter to police who are investigating.Mpl commr gheraoedBJP corporators gheraoed the residence of municipal commissioner Deepak Chaudhri in protest against missing of proceedings book of the corporation.The corporators also protested the delay in holding the election of chairperson of standing committee. Police intervened after which the corporators lifted the gherao. The corporators had sealed the office of AMC secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13754393", "title": "Family identifies body of man found dead at Sreekanteswaram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city police on Saturday confirmed the identity of the man who was found dead inside a heap of metal at Sreekanteswaram. The man was identified as Rajan, 60, from Dhanuvachapuram near Parassala. His wife Sumathi and son, Rajesh arrived at the mortuary of the Medical College Hospital here on Saturday morning and identified the body.The family told the police that the man was living away from the family for the past 28 years. The man left his wife an son when Sumathi was carrying. Rajan was involved in various theft and robbery cases. He was known in his hometown as Kallan Rajan and in the city he was known by another name Chudala Rajan. His wife Sumathi married another man after that.The family received the body and took it to Dhanuvachapuram for cremation. Meanwhile, the police interrogated the tipper lorry drivers and excavator operator on Saturday too as part of the investigation. Fort circle inspector S Y Suresh said that though the death may have been caused due to the accident negligence on part of the lorry staff, including the driver cannot be ruled out. A case would be registered in their name in this regard. According to the doctors who conducted the autopsy, \"there were no marks on the body to prove any kind of external force being applied other than the aberrations caused when the load of metal fell over him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13754934", "title": "Fire breaks out at SAL hospital", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A fire broke out at SAL Hospital in Thaltej in its room number 706 where a Jain monk was admitted for medical treatment on Friday midnight. Though the entire room was gutted, no casualty was reported.The monk was admitted along with an attendant. Both reportedly fled the room and reached downstairs after the fire started.Fire officials said that the fire had broken out in the room due to short circuit. The fire, however, was contained in a single room as the hospital personnel used in-house fire fighting tools to douse it.This is the second incident of fire at SAL Hospital. In May 2007, a major fire had broken out in the basement of the hospital leading to massive fear and panic. The smoke which emanated from the basement of the nine-storey building left patients, their relatives and doctors trapped in thick smoke, fear and trauma for over two hours.While ICU patients on the first floor were evacuated by fire brigade personnel after breaking open the glass windowpanes, nearly 130 patients and their relatives present in the building remained trapped on the upper floors. They were unable to get out as the lifts were shut down and the main entrance blocked due to heavy smoke after the fire. Fire officials need to investigate the constant fire incidents at this hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13768166", "title": "Unmanned NASA aircraft to study hurricanes in 2012", "text": "WASHINGTON: NASA will be sending unmanned aircrafts dubbed \"severe storm sentinels\" above stormy skies, beginning this summer and over the next several years, to help researchers and forecasters uncover information about hurricane formation and intensity changes.Several NASA centres are joining federal and university partners in the Hurricane and Severe Storm Sentinel (HS3) airborne mission targeted to investigate the processes that underlie hurricane formation and intensity change in the Atlantic Ocean basin.NASA's unmanned sentinels are autonomously flown. The NASA Global Hawk is well-suited for hurricane investigations because it can over-fly hurricanes at altitudes greater than 60,000 feet with flight durations of up to 28 hours - something piloted aircraft would find nearly impossible to do.Global Hawks were used in the agency's 2010 Genesis and Rapid Intensification Processes (GRIP) hurricane mission and the Global Hawk Pacific (GloPac) environmental science mission.\"Hurricane intensity can be very hard to predict because of an insufficient understanding of how clouds and wind patterns within a storm interact with the storm's environment. HS3 seeks to improve our understanding of these processes by taking advantage of the surveillance capabilities of the Global Hawk along with measurements from a suite of advanced instruments,\" Scott Braun, principal investigator and research meteorologist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md, said.HS3 will use two Global Hawk aircraft and six different instruments this summer, flying from a base of operations at Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia.\"One aircraft will sample the environment of storms while the other will measure eyewall and rainband winds and precipitation,\" Braun said.HS3 will examine the large-scale environment that tropical storms form in and move through and how that environment affects the inner workings of the storms.It will address the controversial role of the hot, dry, and dusty Saharan Air Layer in tropical storm formation and intensification. Past studies have suggested that the Saharan Air Layer can both favour or suppress intensification.In addition, HS3 will examine the extent to which deep convection in the inner-core region of storms is a key driver of intensity change or just a response to storms finding favourable sources of energy.The HS3 mission will operate during portions of the Atlantic hurricane seasons, which run from June 1 to November 30. The 2012 mission will run from late August through early October.The instruments to be mounted in the Global Hawk aircraft that will examine the environment of the storms include the scanning High-resolution Interferometer Sounder (S-HIS), the Advanced Vertical Atmospheric Profiling System (AVAPS) also known as dropsondes, and the Cloud Physics Lidar (CPL). The Tropospheric Wind Lidar Technology Experiment (TWiLiTE) Doppler wind lidar will likely fly in the 2013 mission.Another set of instruments will fly on the Global Hawk focusing on the inner region of the storms. Those instruments include the High-Altitude Imaging Wind and Rain Airborne Profiler (HIWRAP) conically scanning Doppler radar, the Hurricane Imaging Radiometer (HIRAD) multi-frequency interferometric radiometer, and the High-Altitude Monolithic Microwave Integrated Circuit Sounding Radiometer (HAMSR) microwave sounder.Most of these instruments represent advanced technology developed by NASA, that in some cases are precursors to future satellite sensors.NASA's Science Mission Directorate Global Hawk aircraft will deploy to Wallops Flight Facility from their home base at NASA's Dryden Flight Research Center on Edwards Air Force Base, Calif.\"HS3 marks the first time that NASA's Global Hawks will deploy away from Dryden for a mission, potentially marking the beginning of an era in which they are operated regularly from Wallops,\" Paul Newman , deputy principal investigator on the HS3 mission, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13755647", "title": "Vedas continue to live here", "text": "In a city better known for its high-tech international schools rather than its encouragement towards traditional systems of teaching, age-old ways of teaching and learning do exist. Though years have eroded the ancient gurukula system of education, a few institutions in Bangalore are still devoted to strengthening the sacred thread binding the 'guru-shishya' relationship.Peacefully tucked away on a tree-lined road, Uttaradi mutt's Jayatheertha Vidyapeetha, founded in 1992 at Basavanagudi, is where over 200 students unravel the beauty and intricacies of Vedic philosophy.On a sunny June morning, sacred hymns reverberate in tranquil surroundings of the mutt. Seemingly estranged from the outside world of iPhones and cloud-computing, students between the ages of 8 and 20 sit on the floor in ordered rows. There are no desks or benches. They listen pensively and debate judiciously in separate groups.Armed with a genuine keenness to gain in-depth knowledge of Vedic wisdom, this new-age gurukula sets itself apart from the spurious ones that are gurukulas in name only and owe their existence to clever branding exercises. Every year, nearly 50 students from across the country join the vidyapeetha at the age of 8. Their education, accommodation, food, and clothing are free. They are taught Vedas, Sankya, Jyothisha, grammar, linguistics, poetry and philosophy during the 15-year course. Admission is given on the basis of an entrance test. They can also appear for SSLC examination after six years of study.\"The course is equal to post-graduation and recognized by the government. After completion, they can work as priests, astrologers and scholars in Sanskrit colleges. They can also research on topics of their interest,\" says V Prabhanjanacharya, director of Sri Vyasa Madhwa Research Foundation.Apart from the vidyapeetha at Basavangudi, there's another institution -- Poornaprajna Vidyapeetha - on Katriguppe Main Road, imparting education on the same lines. The central government recognized it as a model gurukula in 1979.It was in 1956 that the Pejawar seer took up the initiative to start this institution when Bangalore was gearing up to blossom as a centre for science and technology. More than 300 students study here, says AV Nagasampige, director of Poornaprajna Samshodhana Mandiram.According to him, 'invasion' of technology has seldom taken away the importance of ancient knowledge. \"Today, education has become a money-spinning business. Our focus is on value-based education,\" he adds.Many students echo the same. They think at a time when the teacher's role is limited to sharing knowledge of various subjects, learning from spiritually evolved gurus, who can give guidance on all aspects of life, is a life-time opportunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13751180", "title": "Fire renders hundreds homeless", "text": "GUNTUR: Yet another major fire rendered hundreds of families homeless in the district on Saturday. The fire that took place at SC colony of Vellatur village of Bhattiprolu mandal gutted about 140 thatched houses in the morning. According to information, sparks of fire emanated from a local power transformer ignited a thatched house in the dalit colony. With heat waves sweeping the region, the fire soon spread to other houses in the colony and reduced to ashes the entire colony within no time.Although no casualties were reported from the incident, the poor dwellers lost everything including clothes and utensils in the incident. The entire colony was razed to ground even before the fire tenders from Repalle could reach the spot. According to initial estimates, nearly Rs.1.5 crore worth property was damaged in the mishap.In an another incident, a 75-year-old woman was burnt alive and about 150 thatched houses gutted in a major fire accident at Harborpet near Rokalapudi in Kakindada rural mandal in the afternoon. Property worth nearly Rs one crore including fishing nets, equipment and grains, besides money and gold ornaments were gutted in the fire mishap. All the victims belonged to the fishermen community. The deceased, Bommidi Appayamma,75, was trapped inside the house when the fire engulfed the surroundings. About 200 families were rendered homeless. The authorities have yet to ascertain the cause of the fire accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13780483", "title": "Big names in Shobhana Desai\u2019s new show on Star Plus", "text": "Star Plus is on a roll with the lineup of new shows in the year 2012. Shobhana Desai Productions has joined the bandwagon as we hear that the production house is coming up with a Gujarati family drama for the channel.The show is set against the backdrop of Gujarat and is a story about a girl Shubhli, who loses her parents at an early age, and is brought up by her grandfather. The show is a love story cum family drama.Talented and well-known actors like Tushar Trivedi (father of actress Ami Trivedi) who was also seen in 'Mukti Bandhan' and real life husband-wife duo Dharmesh- Surbhi Vyas have been finalized to play pivotal roles in the show. Veteran actor Tushar will play the role of female lead Shubhli's grandfather whereas; Dharmesh and Surbhi will play the role of male lead's parents in the Star Plus' next. The shooting for the show will start next month.When contacted, Surbhi Vyas said,\" Yes, we are doing the show and it's a very interesting concept. We will play husband and wife but I can't reveal anything further as we haven't started shooting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13750780", "title": "Has a fixation for nos. 8, 9", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ramneek Sehgal, CEO, Ceigall India Limited, spends weekends unwinding with a Wii entertainment at home, enjoying coffee, playing squash and shopping for shoes. But there are other uncanny weekend pursuits as well. Some Sundays, he would spend scouting for a fixed arithmetic combination for his accessories. His mobile, house and car numbers must end with 8 or 9. ''I was born in 1981. Everything in my house has a relation with 8 or 9,'' he says.His personal Audi Q7 , wife's Jetta and father's Fortuner all bear numbers ending with the same combination.Even the registration numbers for each of the 42 trucks in his transport fleet ends with 81. ''He even planned the delivery of our son on October 18 at 9pm. We successfully got the caesarean done but look at his fascination,'' laughs Naina, his wife.Sehgal says there is always fun in following these zany whims to beat odd stress. And when stress becomes bigger, there is always a game of squash, lemon ale, some coffee and other gastronomical highs. ''Kids, play, work are equally draining. We men need to get our spirits back,'' Sehgal grins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13759301", "title": "A swish makeover for Saoji food", "text": "From the shanties that serve this wonderful cuisine to high end eateries, Saoji food sure has moved up the social ladder. It was once the favourite food of connoisseurs who took great pride in visiting the ramshackle homes of poor weavers to savour the spicy flavours. Today there has been a phenomenal rise in the numbers of Saoji food lovers and the places where it is served. Keeping up with the huge demand, every upscale restaurant in the city is now also serving Saoji items.There is so much of hearsay surrounding Saoji food that one has to delve deep to get the facts about this 'theeka rassa'. There is a school of thought which says that the food is essentially non vegetarian and fish, mutton, egg and chicken are cooked in a gravy rich in oil and whole spices. There are others in the know who say that vegetarian fare is equally good. But leaving matters of authenticity to the inventors of this food, the swish eateries have devised their own method.Though every decent restaurant in the city has taken cognisance of this fast rising favourite, it's those who have come up recently who are earning a name for it. Ranjan Kale, whose lounge and restaurant is a hot spot for the younger crowd, says that Saoji items are a big hit with his clientele. \"Every day a good number of Saoji dishes are ordered. Though Saoji chicken still remains a second to the popular butter chicken, we have an equally good fare for the vegetarians and serve items like paneer or even gobhi cooked in Saoji style.\"Kale says that the food is cooked by his chefs who have devised a more universal taste. \"People who come from Mumbai or other places have heard of it so they want to try it out. Saoji is very high on spices and oil. We take care to tone it down while adhering to the basic recipe. Ingredients like tomato puree are not used.\" To the uninitiated, he recommends thin chapatis or steamed rice as an accompaniment.Admitting to the fact that upscale eateries like his are cashing in on this trend, Aditya Naniwadekar whose tony restaurant is the latest entrant on the block, says, \"Saoji so far was served at places where people could not take their families. But as this cuisine is sufficiently popular now we have introduced it on the menu.\" Naniwadekar says that he also wants to bust the myth that Saoji food is very hot and oily. \"The moment I suggest a Saoji dish the instant reaction is a big no as people feel that they will be served red hot gravy floating with oil. But we have designed some special menus to suit their taste.\" He says that combinations like 'palak khichidi' with Saoji gravy is going down well with guests.Those who visit the fine dining restaurants go there for tested flavours and tastes, feels celebrity chef Vishnu Manohar. \"I had organized an authentic Saoji food festival at an upscale hotel in Mumbai a couple of years back. The diners didn't much take to it on the first day. It was a three-day festival so I decided to prepare them for this fare and then they were more positively disposed to enjoy it.\" But he fears the fact that serving them in high end restaurants would dilute the original recipes. \"In times to come few would know the original taste of Saoji,\" he added.Those who have recently discovered Saoji are enjoying what is being served to them at these gourmet joints. Yashasavi Rathod, a self proclaimed foodie, says that this food definitely tastes different. \"I have tried it out in a restaurant and have enjoyed the dishes cooked home style. They taste good and are a welcome change from standard rich thick gravy fare.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13781952", "title": "Ijaz Butt questions selection policy", "text": "LAHORE: Former PCB chairman Ijaz Butt on Sunday came down heavily on the Pakistan cricket team after their 37-run defeat in the first Twenty20 against Sri Lanka, saying the selectors made a wrong decision by naming Mohammad Hafeez as the captain of the side in place of Misbah-ul Haq.Butt was also critical of Shahid Afridi and said the all-rounder does not deserve a place in the side.\"Wrong captain, wrong selection, especially of the wicket-keeper (Shakeel Ansar) led to the shameful defeat against Sri Lanka,\" Butt said in a statement.Butt said he had advised Zaka Ashraf not to remove Misbah as Twenty20 captain and avoid elevating Hafeez for the post since the all-rounder lacked leadership qualities, but his advice was not heeded.He also said that Adnan Akmal or Sarfraz Ahmed could have been better choices as wicket-keeper in place of little-known Shakeel, who could not impress with his skills behind the stumps.Some board officials have questioned the timing of his statement. Butt, who has normally kept a low profile and avoided commenting on PCB and team affairs since he was replaced by Ashraf last October, decided to come out with a media statement just after one defeat suffered by the national team.Insiders said that more than the national team's performance or selection issues, what had miffed Butt was that after his visit to India recently, Ashraf publicly made some sarcastic comments about him.\"He was also not happy that Ashraf did not listen to his advice and followed others while removing Misbah as the T20 captain,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13754752", "title": "Zakia Jafri receives special investigation team report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Zakia Jafri's lawyers on Saturday began inspection of the final report by the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) on her complaint against chief minister Narendra Modi and others in connection with the 2002 riots.As permitted by the magisterial court, four lawyers were permitted to view the original report, in which the SIT has given clean chit to all the accused persons, in court, whereas the court did not permit social activist Teesta Setalvad to inspect the report.Before they started inspection, Setalvad submitted to the court a power-of-attorney given to her by Jafri. The SIT raised an objection to it and maintained before the court that inspection of the report should be allowed only to Jafri and her lawyers and not to Setalvad because she is not a complainant.Following the SIT's objection, Setalvad's lawyers insisted the court to hear the issue first whether a person having power-of-attorney could be permitted to inspect the report on Jafri's behalf. The court refused to hear the issue before inspection, as metropolitan magistrate B J Ganatra said that the time was fixed for inspection and if hearing is given first, in absence of SIT's counsel, it would defer the entire process and court's time too would be wasted.A team of lawyers began inspection of the report in the post-lunch session, and could view four files till evening. Further inspection would take place on June 26, when SIT's counsel is expected to address the court on why the probe agency is objecting on Setalvad's inspecting the report.Meanwhile, Jafri reiterated her demand that the SIT should furnish those important documents that are missing from the copy supplied to her. The affidavit filed in reply by Jafri also contained arguments on how failure on part of the cops and administration was responsible for the riots and how SIT misinterpreted Modi's statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13755542", "title": "Youth arrested for sister-in-law's murder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Anandnagar police arrested a 26-year-old youth for killing his sister-in-law on Friday. The youth confessed to his crime saying that he was angry with the victim after she had filed a police complaint against him.On Friday morning, Mahendrasinh Dabhi, 26, a resident of Visatnagar Chhapra near Satyam Status in Ramdevnagar, stabbed his sister-in-law Hansa Chavda, 25, to death in front of his mother-in-law Chandaben when the duo was out to purchase vegetables.Anandnagar police officials said Dabhi had married Hansa's younger sister Harsha in February this year. Dabhi, an autorickshaw driver, used to stay at Harsha's residence before and after marriage. The couple had a spat after which the family had filed a complaint against Dabhi and his father Vikramsinh with Satellite police for mental and physical harassment on May 7.\"He was arrested from a relative's residence late on Friday night,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13752402", "title": "Rajasthan Explosives and Chemicals Limited told to take steps to prevent mishaps during heat wave", "text": "ALWAR: As Dholpur recorded the temperature temperature of the season over the past two days, the district administration directed the management of the explosives manufacturing company Rajasthan Explosives and Chemicals Limited ( RECL) to strictly follow the safety measures. The administration is concerned about any explosions that could take place due to lack of safety measures.RECL has been directed to submit a report on the arrangements being made to keep the explosives away from blistering heat temperature in the district, hovering around 47 degrees Celsius over the past two days.Collector, Dholpur, Ramkhilari Meena told TOI: \"The blistering heat in the district has affected normal life, forcing the administration to take precautionary measures. RECL is a very sensitive place, so we have asked them to make proper safety arrangements.\"He added that the petrol pump owners and gas agency owners have also been asked to follow the safety measures strictly. \"On national highways and other roads, water is being sprinkled at least thrice a day,\" Meena said.RECL's HR manager Guruvendra Singh said that the company has received a letter from the district administration. \"We are already adhering to all the safety measures. The magazines in which the explosives are kept are equipped to prevent heat,\" said Singh.He added that after receiving the directives from the district administration, the quantity of water kept in the company premises has been increased. Elaborate fire fighting arrangements have also been made.The production capacity of RECL is about 27,500 metric tons every year. The company produces explosives, detonators, detonator fuses and boosters.Sources said that the administration is playing safe because several explosives-laden trucks had gone missing after taking delivery from RECL two years ago. The incident had exposed lacuna on part of the company administration. Some officials of the factory had also been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13777011", "title": "With no BCCI rights, Neo Sports goes game-neutral", "text": "MUMBAI: With Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) cancelling its licence for telecast rights of Team India's matches played at home, broadcaster Neo Sports has been forced to re-brand its exclusive cricket channel as an all sports channel.The broadcaster has renamed its Neo Cricket channel as Neo Prime, so as to telecast other sports on the channel.\"The reality is that we don't have the BCCI rights anymore. So long as we had the BCCI rights, we also covered domestic matches to some extent, so it made sense to have a dedicated exclusive cricket channel.\"But now we realise that it may not be useful to have a 24x7 cricket channel. Therefore, it makes more sense to position it this way,\" Neo Sports broadcast (TV operations) chief operating officer Prasanna Krishnan said.BCCI scrapped the contract with its broadcast rights holder Nimbus Communications, the promoter of Neo Sports, last December for defaulting on payments and forfeited a bank guarantee amount of Rs 2,000 crore.Nimbus had signed a four-year deal with BCCI in October, 2009 for Rs 2,000 crore.On if Neo Sports could have launched a new channel without sacrificing its exclusive cricket channel, Krishnan said, \"Cricket can also be telecast on Neo Prime or Neo Sports. We thought we would go with this strategy rather than launch a third channel at this time.\"Neo Cricket was the first to have a round-the-clock cricket-centric content and its competitors followed suit. Broadcast major ESPN-Star has its exclusive channel for cricket - Star Cricket, while Zee Enterprises operated Ten Sports has Ten Cricket.With Neo Sports having a surge in volume across multiple sports and limited India cricket content, the broadcaster expects it can have live telecast of all the sporting action.\"We have been focusing on five other sports apart from cricket like golf, football, tennis, badminton and hockey. The volume of sports content that we picked up was so huge that we started facing scheduling problem. It became difficult to show multiple sports at the same time because we had one cricket channel and one other sports channel,\" Krishnan said.On if the revenues are affected because of the fallout of the BCCI contract, he said, \"It doesn't make much of a difference. While cricket comes with huge ad revenues, it also has a corresponding high cost. Cricket is very expensive. People don't necessarily make profit on cricket these days, is my view.\"However, he did not divulge the revenue expectation for the year.With the availability of sports content in high definition, Neo Prime will gradually adopt itself to the new format, he added.\"All the high definition content which is ready will go into Neo Prime. Once we are happy with volume of content, we will then transition into a high definition channel. That is the road map. We haven't taken a decision on the timeline yet. We will review it in the next few months,\" he said.Neo, the number two sports channel in the country, has been acquiring some of the biggest sporting events including UEFA Euro 2012, French Open, World Series Hockey, Sultan Azlan Shah Cup, Rugby World Cup in addition to the existing bouquet of the Asia Cup , Davis Cup , US PGA Tour , BWF Badminton Super Series, Fed Cup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13752676", "title": "Big test for Mahindra boys in Barcelona", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was more of an outing to test and push the new components rather than fight for grid positions for the Mahindra Racing boys during qualifying for the Moto 3 segment of the Catalunya GP (MotoGP) in Barcelona on Saturday.Hot and testing conditions didn't make things easier either as the Indian team's German rider Marcel Schrotter qualified 30th while his British teammate Danny Webb was a spot behind. It is an uphill task for the duo as they go out on Sunday to try to make a mark in the fiercely competitive Moto3 class.They are hoping the improved reliability of their latest single-cylinder 250cc engine will hold good for the duration of the race though they may fall behind in the pace department.\"This morning was better, the afternoon was harder. I'm a bit disappointed. I tried 110 percent and Danny's and my times are so similar. My feeling in the corners is much better and I can stay with the other bikes. The new engine was good, but we still lose a little in acceleration,\" said Schrotter after qualifying.Meanwhile, in the MotoGP segment, defending world champion Casey Stoner of Australia set the pace on his Honda during qualifying with local favourite and current championship leader Jorge Lorenzo of Yamaha breathing down his neck in second place.The Spaniard's fellow Yamaha riders Cal Crutchlow of Britain and Ben Spies of the United States are third and fourth with Honda's Dani Pedrosa , who set the fastest time during Friday's sessions, starting fifth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13750341", "title": "Maharashtra government dithers on senior IPS officers\u2019 promotions", "text": "MUMBAI: In an unusual delay, and a sign that not all is well at the highest level of the state government, it has not been able to decide on promotions and transfers of senior IPS officers in Mumbai and the rest of the state.The home department, led by senior NCP leader R R Patil, has blamed the DGP for the delay. According to the convention, transfer orders of IPS officials are issued before May 31.\"We have received a proposal for the promotions and transfers from the DGP office on May 29 and 30. As a result, it was not possible for Patil's office to process it in a day and secure the chief minister's approval. We expect to complete the exercise within a week,\" a senior home department official told TOI.There were reports that CM Prithviraj Chavan had rejected the proposal on the grounds that it was not on merit and that certain officers were favoured. The official clarified that no proposal has been submitted to the CM.The delay and the hints of differences of opinion within the government are coming to the fore at a time when the Mumbai Police is embroiled in several controversies. The spate of problems began when there were reports of a senior police officer perceived to be close to the prime accused in the Lokhandwala murders,Vjay Palande. Then came the Juhu \"rave party\" bust, which, officials admit, may not lead to any major drug racket. Some cases have come as a shocker due to their level of violence like the recent Saki Naka twin murder. All this has been capped by allegations against officers; the most serious has been the charge against a Dindoshi sub-inspector of demanding sexual favours from an accused woman.According to home department records, 70 additional SPs and deputy commissioners are eligible for transfer, 20 DCP will be transferred on promotion as additional commissioner, six additional CPs will be shifted on promotion as IGs and five IGs as additional DGPs. Besides, 20 IPS officials, who have completed their tenure, will also be shunted out. \"We will shift 121 IPS officers across the state,\" he said.Significantly, hectic lobbying is on to secure prime posts in Mumbai, Thane, Navi Mumbai and Pune area. \"Several IPS officials have approached cabinet members and politicians for securing a plum post. Patil's office has received more than 200 requests from politicians,\" he said.A former DGP said, for a cabinet member, postings and transfers of high-ranking officials is challenging, particularly in view of the more powerful IPS officers. \"We have seen tha t officers secure assignments of their choice, despite not being recommended by the DGP,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752962", "title": "?Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya in a spot over graft charges", "text": "JAIPUR: Panchayati raj minister Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya's personal staff had to face the ire of some Congress legislators over the issue of alleged corruption in the transfer of government employees on Saturday.Though eyewitnesses said Malviya's personal assistant Umesh Ninama and a cook were allegedly manhandled by the angry legislators and other Congressmen at the minister's residence in Civil Lines, the staff denied any such incident. There were reports that half-a-dozen disgruntled legislators protested at the minister's house.Eyewitnesses said Deedwana (Nagaur) legislator Rupa Ram Dudi alleged corruption in the transfer of some assistant engineers and sub-divisional officers in the panchayati raj department. Efforts were made by TOI to contact Dudi but his mobile phone remained unanswered, while his staff said the legislator was away.Fellow Congress legislator from Sadulshahar (Sriganganagar), Santosh Kumar Saharan confirmed to TOI that Dudi was indeed \"angry\" and made \"some allegations\" at the minister's residence.\"I told him to calm down and talk directly to the minister or the chief minister, instead of arguing with the unknown staff,\" said Saharan. He, however, added, \"There was no violence at the minister's residence. Dudi and I left at the same time.\"Minister Malviya was not in the town when the incident occurred. His cellphone remained switched off. The minister's wife Resham Malviya, who is zila pramukh of Banswara, told TOI that she did not know Dudi. \"I have not heard about the allegations but if he is making these, he should corroborate these with evidences,\" the minister's wife said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753582", "title": "Chief electoral officer stresses on district election watch in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Members of Association for Democratic Reforms have claimed that it would continue to work even after the local bodies' elections are over.\"Our efforts to eliminate the wrongs in country's democratic process are a continuous process,\" said Sanjai Singh, member of UP election watch while addressing a two-day workshop on elections and political reforms that started on Saturday.He informed that members of ADR have unanimously decided to come out with a report card on the working of elected representatives including those in the ruling party.\"We would look at how public representatives are spending the funds allocated to them for public welfare. By the end of government's first year, we plan to come up with a report on the same,\" said Singh.Participants in the workshop, including chief electoral officer, UP Umesh Sinha and former IPS IC Dwivedi, assessed the potential of platforms like voter council - a place wherein voters can put forth their point of view.CEO UP, Sinha spoke on the need for election councils wherein elected representatives could be trained about the importance of various processes in a democracy.He said that establishment of district election watch could help in strengthening the democratic fabric.\"This local body should focus on ensuring 100% percent voter registration before elections and convince all voters to exercise franchise on poll day. The third element to focus on is ethical voting,\" said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13758788", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation workshop on swine flu updates for health workers", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had organized a workshop for city health workers to equip them to handle any cases of swine flu that may surface during monsoon. This refresher course, aimed at informing the participants about the designated centers in the city deal with the disease, recommended drugs and their dosages and the guidelines to handle a H1N1 positive patient.Dr Arun Humne, professor and head of the preventive and social medicine department of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) conducted the presentations. The workshop was attended by medical officers from all private and government hospitals chosen by NMC to help tackle swine flu cases.\"It was an effort to cerate more awareness among the health workers about the disease and its management. Health workers from NMC's hospitals as well as five private hospitals, the designated swine flu centres, were updated with the latest guidelines and methodologies to be followed while dealing with a swine flu patient,\" said Dr Milind Ganvir, deputy director (health), NMC.Dr Shyam Shende, NMC health department official in-charge of swine flu, said the objective of the workshop was to prepare the medical fraternity to handle a possible swine flu outbreak. \"It is always better to take all the precautions ahead of monsoon, a season known for high prevalence of infectious diseases,\" he said.Nutan Rewatkar, one of the health workers who attended the workshop, said it was especially useful to understand how to handle pregnant women, identify the symptoms while attending the emergency.Only a couple of weeks ago, the state health department officials had asked the civil surgeons, district health officers and municipal corporations to be on the alert as transmission of H1N1 virus is likely to increase during the rainy season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758524", "title": "State officials survey proposed locations of Pune metro stations", "text": "PUNE: Ahead of the state cabinet's likely approval for the 14.925 km metro rail corridor from Vanaz to Ramwadi and Chandannagar next week, the state Urban Development Department (UDD) on Saturday conducted a survey of the proposed location for stations in the city.State additional chief secretary (UDD) TC Benjamin along with Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) officials visited the locations. \"We visited the locations where metro stations are recommended by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). The state cabinet is likely to clear the Vanaz- Ramwadi and Chandannagar corridor next week. After an initial survey we feel that all locations are feasible for the metro stations, except for the location in Mangalwar Peth and railway station areas. Some conditions will be needed during construction of the metro stations here,\" Benjamin told TOI after the survey.\"The PMC has approved the extension of the Vanaz-Ramwadi corridor to Chandannagar. One metro line will also go towards the airport,\" he added.This progress on the metro project for the city comes close on the heels of the Union urban development ministry deciding to consider metros in cities with 20-lakh plus population.Of the six metro routes proposed in Pune, the Vanaz-Ramwadi- Chandannagar route would be taken up first. The route, which will cost Rs 2,593 crore, will have 15 stations including one leading to the Pune railway station.A notification will also be issued under the Metro Act. Interestingly, so far, all metro routes taken up in Mumbai have been notified under the Tramway Act. The Centre had already made it clear that it would provide funds to metro projects only under the Metro Act and not under the Railways Act. This involves funding and other technical elements.Of the Rs 2,593 crore to be spent on the Vanaz-Ramwadi and Chandannagar route, the state and Centre would contribute 40% of the cost (20% each) and the PMC will have to raise another 10%. As per the state plans, the remaining 50% will either be raised through loans or by offering the project on a build-operate-transfer or public-private partnership basis.The government is exploring options of introducing a green tax levy, allowing commercial exploitation on metro stations and grant of higher FSI at stations to make the project economically viable.The other proposed route to be taken up in the first phase is a 17-km route from Swargate to Pimpri-Chinchwad at a cost of Rs 5,391 crore. Four other routes - Shivajinagar to Hinjewadi, Deccan to Bund Garden, Swargate to Katraj and Pimpri-Chinchwad to Nigdi (collectively 44 km) have been proposed in the second phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750772", "title": "Minor working as help rescued from east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A minor was rescued from a businessman's house in east Delhi on Saturday after a neighbour found the boy crying in the balcony and called the child helpline.The incident was reported from Kallol Apartments in IP Extension. The neighbour, a child rights activist, called the child helpline on 1098, following which a team of police officers and child rights activists from DBS Childline rescued the minor from the house.The boy was taken for a medical examination and then produced at the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) chairman Ajay Singh's residence. The minor will be produced at the CWC court and a statement will be recorded as per CWC orders.\"If a child is below 14, we take suo moto cognizance and register a case under the child labour act immediately. Since the boy has claimed to be older than 14 years, we will wait for CWC to give us directions and register a case accordingly,\" said a senior police officer of the east district.According to the complainant, he had heard the boy crying and asked him what had happened. \"When I parked my car, I heard someone crying and asked the sweeper nearby where the sound was coming from. He pointed to the second floor, where I saw a boy crying in the balcony of a flat,\" said the resident, who made the call.\"I asked him what he does. He told me that he was a domestic servant and the employers had left him locked inside. I called the child helpline on hearing this, fearing that it was a case of child labour,\" he said. \"I've seen many underage children working in the same house in the last 3-4 years,\" he said.The boy has told police that he was a resident of Khagariya in Bihar and had been employed as a servant in the household for two months now.\"He has said that he wanted to go home and was unhappy. His father works in a factory owned by the employers. We will take action as per CWC orders after the minor is produced in front of a CWC bench on Monday,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13755909", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan may campaign for road traffic issues", "text": "Amitabh Bachchan may become the ambassador for a campaign for the state police on road traffic issues. After the actor tweeted about other countries have separate tests for highway driving, he has received a letter from state minister promising to take it forward.The actor on Sunday morning tweeted, \"Wrote about traffic in Mumbai and on saving farmers in Vidarbha .. State level Ministers write in and wish to take this forwardResponse from Government of Maharashtra most appreciated .. I shall be more than willing to perform on my commitment !\"It maybe recalled here that Bachchan had tweeted after 27 people were killed on on Mumbai-Pune Expressway. He had informed that most countries have separate tests for highway driving, in particular USA.\"I know because I have done it. Freeway driving is different. Driving on freeways needs to be taught to motorists at time of issuing license ... I am often shocked to see basic rules being broken.\"He had even revealed about doing a campaign. He had tweeted, \"I have spoken often to volunteer to do campaigns for the police force, but none came forward ... even suggested I would fund them!!Teach and test the motorist yes, but also equip the Police with facility and equipment to be able to catch the offender . We have Maruti Jeeps to compete with those that commit crime on sophisticated machines ... Italian Highway Patrols have Lamborghini's.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13749346", "title": "2 youths rescued from Bihar", "text": "RANCHI: Two youths in their early 20s were rescued from clutches of a gang which took them to Bihar from West Singhhnum district in Jharkhand promising them jobs in a company.The youths - Sona Ram Bobonga and Satish Bobonga - aged 21 managed to reach Ranchi safely from Purnia in Bihar because of timely intervention of the Jharkhand Organization for Human Rights (Johar). Sona and Satish are the residents of Sananda village in Saranda forest area of West Singhbhum district. Both the youths have passed Plus II from a college in Jaggannathpur in West Singhbhum.A frightened Satish said two members of the gang, which claimed to operate a flourishing company in Bihar, contacted them last month. \"Kapil and Anil Chotamba, who are also from West Singhbhum, promised us a permanent job. They also promised us to pay Rs 12,000 per month as salary. When we reached there, they kept us in a room with 25 other boys also from West Singhbhum and gave food once a day around 11am,\" said Satish adding that instead of giving job the gang members promised them to give salary if they managed to allure other boys from their village.\"Every thing was confusing. There was no company. When we raised voice and declined to allure other youths without knowing what kind of job we would get, the gang members threatened of dire consequences,\" said Satish here on Saturday.Sona, who remembered the phone number of a member of Johar, contacted him in Ranchi. \"I contacted him for help and he started talking to the gang members for our release. Yesterday we were allowed to leave the place. We immediately took a bus and reached Ranchi this morning,\" said Sona. Other youths from different villages in West Singhbum district are still in the clutches of the gang. \"There must be some other youths as well but we did not meet them,\" he added.Johar Secretary Ramesh Jarai said before going to Bihar they would lodge an FIR in West Singhbhum against the company which had taken at least 25 youths. \"We also came to know that the gang members even took some money from the youths in the name of giving permanent job. Our members will soon go to Purnia and try to rescue all the youths,\" said Jarai.Johar will also inform the DGPs of Bihar and Jharkhand about the racket. \"We will also request the state government to come with an employment policy for educated youths so that they are not required to migrate in search of a job and get trapped,\" said Gopi, a member of Johar.However, the efforts to contact the middlemen or the company failed as no one responded to the calls on the number provided by Satish and Sona even after repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13757524", "title": "Does time speed up as we age?", "text": "Time is of the essence. Time heals all wounds. Time flies when you're having fun... Such time-based platitudes are neverending. In fact, time is the most-used noun in the English language, so concerned are we by our position in it, our grasp of it - and its power over us.The platitudes exist because they represent broad, if scientifically unproven, notions that time is elastic. Time does seem to fly by when we're having fun. Likewise, it stretches out ad infinitum when we're willing it to zip past and deliver us with birthdays, Christmas Day or that longed-for holiday.Claudia Hammond, the psychology lecturer, broadcaster, and writer, has a better understanding than most of the ways that our perspectives on time can be morphed, manipulated and played with. Her new book, Time Warped, examines the myriad ways that time seems to change gear. Here, she explains (or disproves) some of the mysteries of time.Time is determined by the body's circadian rhythms | FALSEThe circadian rhythms affect only our 24-hour day/night cycle. They have nothing else to do with our perception of time from moment to moment. It's a myth that they affect time. We do, however, run an automatic body clock. This can go out of sync, which is known as \"free running\" . This is common particularly in blind people, who are isolated from environmental time cues. In most of us, however , the circadian oscillations correct themselves using daylight.Time speeds up as we get older | FALSEPeople think that time speeds up when we get older. But it's not true that time at any one moment (ie second by second) gets faster. It's our experiences over days, weeks, months and years that seem to condense. There's no biological basis for the sensation that it speeds up. It's simply to do with our judgements on time retrospectively .Time is money | TRUESocial psychologist Robert Levine measured three things in 31 countries around the world to determine the tempo of life: the time taken to buy a stamp, average walking speed of pedestrians during rush hour, and the accuracy of clocks on the walls of banks. It followed that places such as New York and London had the fastest times. This suggests a connection between time and money, though it isn't known which came first - the culture of rushing around or the buoyant economy.We can mentally time-travel | TRUEWe are the one animal able completely, at will, to throw ourselves backwards into the past or forwards into the future. The ability to conceive events that haven't happened yet is a crucial basis for our imagination. Amnesia sufferers lose the ability to imagine the future, as well as their ability to recall who they are or what's happened to them.Time feels slower when you want something done fast | TRUEPsychologists Chen-Bo Zhong and Sanford DeVoe conducted experiments that revealed that exposure to fast food, both visual symbols and actual food, increases feelings of impatience. We associate fast food with being in a hurry or a rush. This anxiety makes us feel time is going more slowly.Our sense of time can be affected by biological conditions | TRUEA high temperature (a fever) makes our perception of time change so it feels slower. American psychologist Hudson Hoagland's wife was lying in bed with bad flu and she allowed him to conduct time tests on her. Hoagland asked her to say when a minute had passed 30 times over a day. When her temperature reached 103F, she felt a minute was up after just 34 seconds.--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750579", "title": "Radiation case: Bail to DU teachers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Saturday granted bail to five Delhi University professors chargesheeted in a case relating to radiation leak in Mayapuri in which one person died due to exposure to radioactive substance at a scrap market in 2010.The court had summoned six professors after police had filed the chargesheet accusing them of endangering the lives by auctioning a radioactive Cobalt-60 gamma irradiator without mandatory precautions. While five of them were granted bail, one was allowed exemption from personal appearance in the case till further order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13759335", "title": "Want culture, won't pay", "text": "Speak of entertainment and Nagpurians readily spend long evenings and wads of cash at watering holes. The multiplexes too get their share of footfalls. It is different story with live performances, be it theatre or concerts that continue to get a step-motherly treatment by the so-called patrons of art and culture in the city.Event managers and organizers are constantly trying to raise the bar in terms of quality of events and level of artists but repeatedly hitting the cost hurdle. The lack of willingness of the city crowd to pay and watch such shows is a big dampener. On average, two of three events held in the city are for invitees or where entry is free. Samir Pandit, whose show Lamhe featuring Shiv Kumar Sharma could not draw much audience, says, \"he is an artist of international repute so the ticket prices were Rs 1500, Rs 1000 and Rs 500. The sales were dismal.\"Blaming this on different charitable organizations that hold shows for free, Pandit says that they have spoilt the habits. \"The common approach is 'Kahin se pass jamao'. We are willing to pay for our drinks and meals, we don't haggle at multiplex counter, but why this tendency to try for free passes for a live performance,\" he asks.City businessman and member of a social service club Kamal Taori brought the play 'Bus Itna Sa Khwab...' as a fund raiser event some months back. He says it was not easy to fill up the auditorium. \"Established actors like Shefali Chhaya and Kiran Karmarkar were acting in this play. It cost us around Rs 5 lakh. This being a fund raiser we could get sponsors and donors. If the cost had to be recovered through ticket sales, the price of a ticket would not have been less than Rs 500. That would have severely affected the number of audience,\" he added.Terming audience as the most important component, theatre person Akash Khurana, whose Mumbai-based production house recently staged a play in the city, says, \"I refrain from pricing tickets beyond Rs 400. This means a loss but I would rather make a loss then lose the audience.\"There are many event organizers in the city who have burnt their fingers by staging mega plays with high ticket price. Jyotsana Joshi says she had brought the play Krishna Arpanam in 2009 and suffered severe losses. \"It was a mega play with a cast of 40 actors and magnificent sets. I could not sell tickets that were priced around Rs 1000.\" Now, Joshi has a dedicated membership on a nominal fee and stages three to four plays in a year.Paucity of auditoriums too contributes to these difficulties. Vasantrao Deshpande hall, counted among the best with a capacity to seat 1000, comes with an eight hour rental of Rs 23,000 plus a deposit of 11,000. That also make it perhaps the most expensive venue in the entire state. However, its sheer size makes it inappropriate for plays. Vijay Damani, a promoter of cultural activities, agrees. \"Deshpande hall has too much depth. For staging plays an auditorium with a maximum capacity of 300 to 400 seats is sufficient. But then tickets would cost a bomb,\" he explains.Perhaps that is why there is an overload of musical shows in the city by artists who range from rank amateurs to those who have tasted fame thanks to television reality shows. Shiela Kulkarni, the organizer of Swarved, says even in free shows there is so much choice. \"Entry was free for our events because we were doing it for a mission. That was to promote the upcoming talent of the city. But now we need to tag some value to these shows and also to this talent,\" she says.It is indeed a missionary zeal that compels these organizers to hold such events. Ajey Gampawar, an artist and event organizer who has held shows featuring Amol Palekar , Sai Paranjape and Jabbar Patel, says that a lot of research goes into these shows which are just one time happenings. \"If I were to hold them in Mumbai or Pune these shows would have been sold out and also had repeat value. Here we do all this for free and only for a single show.\" He says that it will take a long time to convince people to pay for watching such programmes. \"Until such time, it would be a risk to put a premium price tag on an event being held in this city,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "purulia", "code": "13757960", "title": "West Bengal to lay out industry corridor", "text": "PURULIA: The state government is planning to develop a 40-km industrial corridor from Asansol to Raghunathpur, much on the lines of Delhi-Mumbai corridor. With lack of space hurting the growth prospect of the state, Raghunathpur is likely to become the next investment destination.According to sources, a number of firms - Damodar Valley Corporation, Jai Balaji Group and Shyam Steel - has already started the ground work. The Reliance Group, too, has evinced interest to set up a power plant in Raghunathpur.A high-level meeting, headed by principal secretary of civic affairs ministry Debashis Sen, was held in Raghunathpur earlier this week. \"A development plan will be prepared keeping the industrialization prospect of Raghunathpur in mind. Everything will be finalized before the Pujas,\" Sen said. It has been decided that various industrial clusters will be set up on both sides of the four-lane expressway between Raghunathpur to Asansol.About 200 metre of land will be kept vacant on both sides of the road for future expansion. As a step forward, the state government has already set up Raghunathpur Planning Authority and talks are on to form Raghunathpur Development Authority on the lines of KMDA, ADDA, SSDA and BDA.The civic affairs department will prepare a map for setting up of industry, knowledge city, hospital, shopping malls, hotels, markets and real estate projects. \"We will engage an agency shortly to prepare such a map,\" Raghunathpur sub-division SDO Pronob Biswas said.The expressway will also be linked with the railway lines of South Eastern Railway, a source said.Funds for these projects will not be a problem as companies are bullish on Raghunathpur for its proximity to NH-2, Eastern and South Eastern railway link, water source and the airport. The government is mulling BOT and PPP models, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "13753422", "title": "CM visits Dharahra village, plants saplings", "text": "BHAGALPUR: As a mark of honouring the age-old tradition of 'One Girl Ten Trees' adopted by the villagers of Dharahra village, chief minister Nitish Kumar drove down to the remote village to plant saplings in the name of three-month-old girl, Anjali.Dharahra village in Naugachhia subdivision of Bhagalpur district is probably the only place in the world where the birth of girl child is welcomed with open arms, and is celebrated with the planting of ten mango or litchi saplings.The CM's visit to the village on Saturday was significant in the backdrop of rising incidents of female foeticide and unbalanced male-female ratio across the country.The nearly 300-year old practice is religiously followed by the villagers which not only checks the families' craving for boys but also stops female foeticide in the area besides tackling dowry menace and promoting the education of girls apart from spreading greenery.\"This model is an answer to global warming, checking female foeticide and anti-dowry measure in one step\", said the CM.Urging the people of the state to adopt 'One girl ten trees' practice on the birth of each girl child in their respective families, the CM said that it could augment farm productivity as well as improve the social milieu. The CM has already visited this unique village twice earlier.Earlier, Nitish went to see the progress of Vijay Ghat bridge on Kosi river in Naugachhia. After reviewing the progress with the bridge construction department engineers, the CM said that the ambitious bridge would be completed by 2014.The bridge would result in remarkable progress of Naugachhia and adjoining Kosi region besides revolutionizing the communication network. Later, a visibly tired CM also went to see the Manjusha art work by women associated with self-help groups (SHGs) at Tetri-Pakra village and other areas to encourage the residents of adjoining places in this art form as well as review the development works in the remote areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13750654", "title": "Commuters say safety more vital", "text": "LUDHIANA: Municipal authorities, who are caught in a spot over axing of \"pious\" banyan trees to clear space on road, are ready to plant 10 banyan trees for each one they axe yet they are finding it difficult to get a willing contractor.Not giving away information about why the contract was cancelled, joint commissioner and head of horticulture branch A S Sekhon said, ''We are concerned about the safety of commuters because these trees are a hurdle for traffic flow and could prove fatal but contractor has withdrawn from the work. We will reorganize an auction and reallot the project.''Meanwhile, commuters are waiting for the problem to be sorted and the trees to be removed as they are putting people at risk. They say even though the trees are of religious significance they can be axed for the sake of public's safety. ''Though green cover in the city is decreasing by the day and axing these 152 trees would have a more harmful effect on environment, it is important to widen roads and ensure smooth flow of traffic. Officials should plant the same number of trees at some other place,'' said Anu Jain, a teacher staying in Kitchlu Nagar.Rakesh Gupta, a businessman from Aggar Nagar, said, ''Authorities have neither removed electricity poles nor trees that are obstructing traffic on the city's main roads. These could result in major mishap at any time.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13772339", "title": "I-T begins scrutiny of state cricket associations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Income Tax department has begun a scrutiny of tax records and finances of more than 25 state cricket associations in the country to probe whether these bodies are eligible to enjoy tax exemptions on their income.The department, which has entrusted the job to a special investigations unit in Delhi, has found that in the last five years the charter and definition of some of the cricket associations engaged to promote the Gentleman's game has changed and has taken the shape of a structured corporate entity.Sources said that while such a change in the character of a body is totally legal and can be charted out for better functioning of the association, the I-T has a mandate to carry out a scrutiny of accounts and activities to check if the charitable purposes for which taxes were forgone are still adhered too.\"In many cases, the I-T department had no information that the state cricket association has changed its structure. Some were found to have registered themselves as 'private limited'. Hence, a scrutiny of the past five years of tax returns and other finances became necessary,\" I-T sources said.The department has also begun issuing notices to some of the cricket boards asking for documents and financial statements even as it has gathered data on them through electronic and other modes of surveillance.These associations are registered under section 25 of the Companies Act which makes them eligible for tax exemptions under the provisions of section 11 of the Income Tax Act.There are 27 cricket associations affiliated with the BCCI at present and once the scrutiny is complete, the I-T plans to send the reports to respective tax collection ranges for raising of appropriate demands, if any, sources said.According to latest data, the I-T department had demanded over Rs 413 crore as tax from the world's richest cricket body, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) as per its income assessment for the year 2009-10 of which over Rs 41 crore has been paid by the body.The BCCI is also contesting the taxman's claim of withdrawing the exemption from paying tax under the charitable organisation category as per an 2009 order of the assessing office in Mumbai.Tax assessment of the BCCI for the financial years 2010-11, 2011-12, computation of exemption income as enjoyed by the cricket board, probe against various editions of the T20 Indian Premiere League ( IPL) and various state cricket associations is now being conducted by the Central tax unit of the I-T.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13749735", "title": "Suspected Maoist held in Ghatshila", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A suspected CPI (Maoist) leader was arrested by East Singhbhum police from Ghatshila early on Friday.Fogra Munda, 37, was wanted in over 12 cases including eight murder cases and he carried a cash reward of Rs 40,000 on his head. \"We have also recovered firearms and explosives from him,\" said senior police superintendent Akhilesh Jha.On the basis of the revelations made by the arrested rebel, police are carrying out raids to arrest his aides in the hill areas adjacent to the West Bengal and Odisha border.Munda, a resident of Jamua village in the Maoist-hit Shyamsunderpur police station area of the district, is accused of killing five people in and around his native place.\"He is a self-styled commander and is involved in attacks on the police patrolling teams,\" said a police officer.The arrested Naxalite is said to be the close aide of another dreaded Maoist leader Kanu Munda, the squad leader of the Gurabanda area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13752793", "title": "House burgled, gold stolen", "text": "COIMBATORE: Burglars broke into a house at Sowripalayam on Friday morning and decamped with 10 sovereigns of gold jewels.Police said R Dhandapani, 63, a retired school teacher staying at Meena Estate in Sowripalayam, had gone to Sulur along with his family to attend a wedding on Thursday evening. When he returned home on Friday evening he found that the back door of his house was broken.A gold necklace, a ring, a pair of ear studs worth 10 sovereigns and Rs 5,000 were missing from the house. He immediately alerted the police. Assistant commissioner of police (Crime) Ramachandran and Peelamedu police inspector D Suresh rushed to the spot and conducted an inquiry.Forensic science experts lifted finger prints from the crime spot. Peelamedu police have registered a case under and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "13758019", "title": "Manas Bhuniya launches tirade against Trinamool Congress", "text": "BURDWAN: A day before the civic polls in the state, irrigation minister and senior Congress leader Manas Bhuniya attacked the Trinamool Congress, without naming them, for not forming an alliance. Bhuniya was speaking at a Memari block meeting organised by the Congress for the panchayat polls and directed the party workers to be prepared for the polls within four to six months. \"Visit every house and convince people so that Congress can fair well in the panchayat polls from now on,\" he said.The minister said that Congress men were being attacked in all the areas which are going for municipal polls. \"Everybody knows who is beating our people. But please don't fear them. Over 17,000 Congress workers have been killed in the state over the years but still the party is going strong,\" he added.The Trinamool Congress also came under attack from other Congress leaders like Om Prakash Mishra, Rabindranath Chatterjee and Mondal Azizul.Burdwan DM Onkar Singh Meena said that there will be 2519 polling personnel, 458 booths, 35 senior magistrates and 35 police sectors for Sunday's Durgapur Municipal Corporation polls.The police commissioner of Asansol-Durgapur, Ajay Kumar Nand will also take rounds of Durgapur on Sunday.Only 48 hours before the polls, police seized weapons from City Centre which was meant for creating trouble during Sunday's polls. Congress, CPM and BJP fear that the Trinamool Congress will flex its muscles on Sunday and prevent fair polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13765523", "title": "PM needs to have clean Cabinet: Baba Ramdev", "text": "NEW DELHI: Launching a scathing attack on the UPA government, yoga guru Baba Ramdev on Sunday said, \"Our Prime Minister is honest but the Union cabinet is corrupt.\"Ramdev along with anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare is on a day-long fast at Delhi's Jantar Mantar.In his first public speech at Parliament Street in New Delhi, Ramdev said: \"Prime Minister should first make his Cabinet corruption free before taking any corruption-free measure.\"\"The prime minister said that 'I am honest', but the country does not see you as an individual,\" said Ramdev.\"The nation respects you for being an honest individual, but you should also be honest politically. The country sees you as the person holding the highest constitutional post. Your personal honesty is not enough... Keep your cabinet honest,\" he said.Ramdev said, \"Manmohan Singh was forced to give statement on illegal mining. We all know that the prime minister is a honest person and we all respect him. But people expect him to make his Cabinet corruption free.\"Starting his speech with slogans like \"Vande Mataram\", \"Bharat Mata ki Jai\", he said common people are above elected representatives.\"The elected representatives say they are above all, but the Constitution of India says people are above all,\" he said.He further said, \"First battle for Independence was fought in 1857 and second battle is being fought today. We are fighting this battle not to hurt anybody.\"On the issue of Naxals, Ramdev said, \"I do not support the Naxals but their war is legitimate, their demands are justified.\"While Team Anna members Medha Patkar, Santosh Hegde and Prashant Bhushan will not be present for the Sunday fast, Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi were present at the venue.The fast has been called to mark one year of Ramdev's last agitation at Ramlila ground, from where he was arrested in the middle of the night between June 3 and 4 last year.Ahead of their joint fast, both Ramdev and Anna Hazare visited Rajghat.Baba Ramdev reached Mahatma Gandhi's samadhi along with a number of his supporters after taking out a march from the Delhi borders while Hazare reached there from Maharashtra Sadan where he was staying.Before heading to Rajhat from Tikri Kalan on Delhi border, Ramdev threatened the government with a fight to finish by August for bringing back black money stashed abroad.Ramdev said the economic situation in the country is very bad as the rupee was falling and growth rate had declined.\"We need to bring back black money. I appeal to people of the country to join this fight. We are intensifying this fight. From today, we are intensifying our protest to bring back black money stashed abroad and want all of the countrymen to be part of the fight to finish by August,\" he said after paying tributes to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose at Azad Hind Gram.Hazare was accompanied by Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi.Both Hazare and Baba Ramdev spent some time meditating at Rajghat.Baba Ramdev also went to the nearby Shahid Park.With inputs from PTI and IANS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "solapur", "code": "13758806", "title": "Power ministry sets up panel to analyse losses", "text": "SOLAPUR: A panel of experts set up by the Union ministry of power will track the country's power losses and analyse reasons for agencies to initiate corrective action.Minister for power Sushilkumar Shinde told reporters on Saturday that the group which will work under the Power Finance Corporation will look into theft, leakage or sub-optimal use of equipment. The group will submit the findings soon.Power transmission losses in India are among the highest and a matter of concern for international funding agencies like World Bank . Shinde said the ministry collects gross figures of losses, according to power generated, transmitted and billed for.\"It is now important to pinpoint which losses are due to what reason and to check them in the best possible way,\" the minister said. \"The Indian Electricity Act gives exhaustive powers to the states to control power losses and penalise those responsible. Some states have already begun the effort and have achieved significant success in checking losses,\" Shinde said.Shinde laid the foundation stone for the civil works for the turbines and boiler for the National Thermal Power Corporation's (NTPC) 1,320 MW super critical thermal power plant at Phatate Wadi some 18 km from Solapur city. The Rs 9,395-crore plant will comprise two units of 660 MW each and will go operational in August 2016.The joint venture by Alstom Bharat Forge Power will supply the turbines for the project while its boiler will come from BGR Energy. Maharashtra will get 656 MW of power from this plant.The ministry has made a policy decision that future power plants will be based on super critical technology which will be more environment-friendly and optimise use of fuel, he added.Earlier, the minister dedicated the building housing Solapur Power and Industrial Training Institute (SPITI) to the nation. It will impart education and training specific to the power sector. The institute has an intake of 60 students each year and a capacity to accommodate 600 students, eventually. It is equipped with classrooms, workshops, hostels and accommodation for teaching staff. Children of those whose land was acquired for the project will get priority in admissions to the institute. A modern auditorium at the project site will also come up.NTPC is the country's single largest power producer with an installed capacity of 38,014 MW -- 29,695 MW of its own and the rest through joint ventures. Shinde said the country has produced 55,000 MW power in the eleventh five-year plan and targets to produce 76000 MW in the current (12th) plan.He said the ministry has taken steps to leap frog power generation in the country and has engaged the private sector in a big way. From a mere 10 % a few years ago, participation of the private sector has increased to 30 per cent now and by the end of the twelfth five-year plan, it will touch 55 %, Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh/ gurgaon", "code": "13751625", "title": "Nights darker, hotter despite power purchase", "text": "CHANDIGARH/ GURGAON: The power situation in most parts of Haryana continued to be dismal despite claims by distribution companies of additional supply. Residential and commercial areas in Gurgaon, Panchkula, Ambala, Karnal, Panipat and Hisar continued to reel under power cuts over the weekend.Contrary, to the claims by distribution companies of having provided an additional supply of 75 lakh units from the power purchased through short-term agreement, the situation remained unchanged in most of the cities.Besides ongoing arrangements, the distribution companies (discoms) are now banking on the dip of at least 20% demand on account of Sunday being a holiday. \"Since Friday, we have supplied 1,075 lakh units. This may not be the solution, but will certainly cut down on the unscheduled power cuts. We are hopeful of bringing the situation under control from Thursday onwards, when our Jharli power plant starts generating power,\" Tarun Bajaj, managing director of Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL), said.Meanwhile, Arun Gupta, managing director of Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) and Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) said distribution companies had reiterated that they have made elaborate arrangements of power supply in the state.\"We are hopeful of a comfortable position on Sunday due to a decline of 15 % in demand because government offices and institutions across the state are closed on that day. For the rest of the week we have made arrangements for spot purchase,\" said Gupta.It may be recalled that for the past one week Haryana has been reeling under long and unscheduled power cuts because of a gap of more than 225 lakh units in demand and supply. Discoms have supplied a maximum of 1,075 lakh units on Friday against the demand of 1250 units.An additional demand from the agriculture sector has dented the effort of the discoms in bridging the demand-supply gap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13754117", "title": "Neyyattinkara byelection: A boycott amidst high voter turnout", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as Neyyattinkara recorded a record turnout at the polling booths, a tiny residential colony at Vellavukad Road near Elavanikara stayed away from voting.About 180 families, which have close to 450 voters, boycotted this bypoll in protest against the apathy showed by the authorities towards their problems. \"Last year also we had decided to boycott the elections, but in the last minute we withdrew from it following the promises given to us by the party workers. But after the elections, we were accused of accepting money to withdraw the protest,\" said Pramodh Kumar a native of this region.\"For the past 40 years the area is like this. We have no proper roads and there is no adequate drinking water supply. We are fed up by complaining. There is no one to speak for us and support us. Hence we have lost all trust in the democratic process,\" said Sumedhan, another native of this colony.The residents have now taken a firm decision that they would participate in the elections only if their problems were solved. \"During rainy season life here becomes horrible. The water logging forces the kids to stay back at home and miss their schools. No school bus or autos are ready to come to this area because of the poor roads hence the residents have to walk down all the way from the main road,\" said the residents. Another complaint the people in the locality have is about the LP school in their area, which is nearly a century old. Despite repeated pleas no steps have been taken by the authorities to upgrade the school.Will VS's visit to TP's house in Onchiyam tilt the scale?Thiruvananthapuram: Does the heavy turnout at the polling booths in Neyyattinkara and the visit made by V S Achuthanandan to T P Chandrasekharan's house have any link?When Achuthanandan's visit to Onchiyam started hitting the headlines in the morning, the people of Neyyattinkara had already started coming out in large numbers for voting. This raised a few eyebrows and the political pundits had already started giving permutations and combinations on how the visit would affect the bypoll.LDF candidate, F Lawrence told media persons that the visit of VS would not harm his prospects. \"A win is certain,\" he said after the polling. CPM district secretary Kadakampally Surendran also defended VS visit by saying that the gesture proved that the party had nothing to hide in the episode.But Selvaraj used the opportunity to the hilt. He said the visit would give a severe jolt to the CPM as VS has acted against the interest of the CPM leadership in the state. He said he was hopeful that people would support VS than the official faction of the Marxist party, since no true communists will accept the killing of Chandrashekaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13770624", "title": "King of a land of rule breakers", "text": "Last fortnight's brawl between MCA officials and Shah Rukh Khan kicked off a nationwide debate - power-tripping superstar or protective parent? Irrespective of the verdict, the real question to ask is why do Indians, famous or not, have trouble following rules, says Haimanti Mukherjee.AT 11.30 pm on May 17 at Mumbai's Wankhede stadium, ancient Chinese philosopher Confucius was proven right yet again - a picture speaks a thousand words. A battery of press photographers captured Hindi film star and owner of the Kolkata Knight Riders IPL team, Shah Rukh Khan abusing security guard Vikas Balkrishna Dalvi and Mumbai Cricket Association officials for preventing him, his 12-year-old daughter Suhana and her friends from entering the field. Dalvi stood with a deadpan expression, whistle in mouth, arms spread out; his left hand pointing towards the exit. Khan, sweating, fuming, had his hand folded in a fist, inches away from Dalvi's face. Audio transcripts proved the actor used lurid language. The father in the superstar called this violence an attempt to protect the kids, who he alleged, were shoved. While the controversy, and its conflicting versions, now lie housed in a file at Marine Drive police station where MCA lodged a complaint, and the cricketing world waits for the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) to decide if Khan will be banned from Wankhede, pictures plastered across the papers tell a simple story that night - Khan was nothing but a brash rule breaker.That night, or on April 8 when he was caught on camera smoking at Jaipur's Sawai Man Singh Stadium during a match between his team and Rajasthan Royals , Khan, it seems, was no different from the average authority-loathing Indian, who jumps a queue and a traffic signal with equal defiance. Blame the British! Adman and social commentator Santosh Desai sees this as a cultural malaise. \"Each culture holds a certain set of values in higher esteem than others. For us Indians, community, caste, and money's might are more important than say, our neighbourhood, or the law of the land. We've got accustomed to hierarchical superiority,\" he says, hinting at a colonial hangover. Social scientist Shiv Visvanathan agrees, observing a lack of civic responsibility among most Indians. \"Outwit the rule, is our rule. In our minds, power seems to reside with people, not with institutions.\" And when there is intervention, a reminder of a law-break, defiance melts into abuse. Author and columnist Shobhaa De labels Indians an indisciplined lot. \"We are rude, ill-mannered and boorish. We yell, we abuse and we lack plain decency. But the funny thing is, we start behaving ourselves the minute we land in another country,\" she says. De's claim is supported by Khan's behaviour, when he was stopped at Newark airport on his way to Yale University where he was delivering a lecture in April. Sources claimed he was \"very, very upset\" and took a while to calm down. \"Whenever I start feeling too arrogant about myself, I always take a trip to America. The immigration guys kick the star out of stardom,\" he said in his opening statement of the lecture. Tu janta nahin main kaun hoon! And it's not just superstars that India's law enforcers have to tackle. Politicians, bureaucrats and their distant kin are just as challenging. BCCI president N Srinivasan's son Ashwin hit a policeman at a Mumbai pub when he was refused a drink after close-down. Maharashtra public health minister Suresh Shetty brought Mumbai's Breach Candy Hospital to a halt when his brother-in-law couldn't be admitted due to lack of beds in the ICU. Delhi traffic police chief Satyendra Garg gets the \"do-youknow-who-I-am\" phrase thrown at him often. His favourite story is of a lady driver, who was dished a challan for speeding. \"She said she knew the joint commissioner of police. 'That's me,' I replied. Next she tried to get me to speak to her IAS officer husband. Eventually, she just had to pay up,\" he says. Journalist and media personality Pritish Nandy says we have ourselves to blame for creating the 'atmospherics' that facilitate the breaking of law. Ayaz Memon too, sees a problem with the system rather than the individual. He doesn't hold Khan alone responsible. All major sporting events are governed by stringent rules of access, says the cricket journalist. \"The IPL needs to lay down rules (...) Processes and systems are not in place for spectators, team owners or state association officials. Colour coded passes can easily determine who is allowed and where, inside the stadium. That could have easily avoided the Shah Rukh incident,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13772432", "title": "Hockey India proposes Indo-Pak series between domestic teams", "text": "NEW DELHI: The growing thaw in Indo-Pak bilateral ties is spilling over to the sporting field with Hockey India proposing an annual eight-team tournament featuring the top four domestic sides of both the countries, starting this year.HI is all set to invite its Pakistani counterparts for a meeting later this month to fix the modalities of the event, to be called the Indo-Pak Champions Cup.According to HI Secretary General Narinder Batra, the resumption of bilateral Test series between the two countries will also be a topic of discussion during the meeting.\"We will send an invitation to PHF President Qasim Zia and Secretary General Asif Bajwa next week to visit India for a detailed discussion on the bilateral calendar for the next three years,\" Batra said.\"The bilateral hockey series between India and Pakistan may resume this year but everything will depend on how the talks progress.\"We also plan to organise a bilateral tournament between the top four domestic teams of India and Pakistan. The tournament will be an annual affair and the proposed name is Indo-Pak Champions Cup,\" he informed.Batra also said that India might host the proposed Cup and the Test series between the two countries this year before Pakistan takes over the next year.Both the events would be hosted by the two countries on an alternate basis.Asked if it is feasible to host both the events in Pakistan due to the fragile security scenario there, Batra said in such a case Pakistan can organise the series at a neutral venue.\"It would be too early to comment on this thing. Precisely, for these reasons we will be inviting PHF officials for discussions. All these issues will feature in the talks,\" the HI Secretary General said.The last Indo-Pak hockey Test series, with three matches in each country, was held in early 2006. Pakistan had won three matches, India had clinched one while two were drawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13752971", "title": "Centre of Indian Trade Unions meet: working class urged to fight contract employment", "text": "COIMBATORE: A four-day general council meeting of CPM's trade union wing CITU began here on Saturday with a call to the country's working class to collectively fight the growing tendency of firms to appoint workforce on contract basis. Delivering the presidential address, India president of the union, AK Padmanabhan, said such appointments violate all labour laws.Addressing over 400 delegates from across the country, Padmanabhan urged trade unions to relentlessly fight for minimum wages and maintenance of trade union rights. Efforts should be made to form trade unions in multinational companies where there is limited freedom for employees to organize themselves, he added.He encouraged efforts to protect employee rights including the right to become part of a trade union. He also urged workers to rally behind spontaneous struggles of the masses by intervening and giving organizational guidance. He wanted CITU to give working class orientation to these struggles.The union will develop strategies to work with peasants and agricultural workers to minimize the social inequality and save the sector from crisis. CITU will also take up social causes including untouchability and work with the masses to eradicate them. It plans to work with dalits and tribals to fight social oppression and ensure justice for them. The union will address growing atrocities against woman and children. \"Organized forces have a responsibility to fight such cruelties. Our members will awaken public awareness against such crimes,'' he said.CITU all-India general secretary Tapansen (MP) presented a report. Senior leaders including T K Rangarajan (MP), A V Varadarajan, R Vaigai, P R Natarajan (MP) and A Soundararajan MLA spoke on various issues. A mass rally will mark the conclusion of the event on Tuesday. This is the second time Coimbatore is hosting the general council meeting.Organized forces have a responsibility to fight such cruelties. Our members will awaken public awareness against such crimes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13756212", "title": "Vijai Sardesai, locals call Chowgule HSS solution temporary", "text": "MARGAO: In a sharp reaction to the developments that took place on Friday regarding Chowgule Education Society's (CES) decision to defer its plans to shut down its higher secondary section by one year, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai demanded to know if chief minister Manohar Parrikar had supported what he called only a \"stop-gap arrangement\".\"Parrikar is a person known to give permanent solutions. Unfortunately, the solution to the Chowgule College impasse seems to be a temporary one, given the Chowgule Education Society's (CES) statement that they will re-apply for the closure with the education department,\" said Sardesai, while addressing mediapersons on Saturday.Sardesai alleged that an \"education mafia with community and political affiliations\" stood to benefit by the imminent closure of Chowgule HSS and said that he and other like-minded members from civic society would oppose plans to protect the interests of the student community.On Friday, Sardesai had welcomed Parrikar intervening in the matter and said that he was told by Parrikar that admissions for Class XI would be open. However, he was surprised to find out that Umaji Chowgule of CES did not meet Parrikar at his residence, office or the secretariat, but at a \"private residence\" which led to him believe that there was a hidden agenda behind postponing the closure by only one year.\"Thus, given the secrecy behind the deal with the Chowgules, coupled with the presence of people with vested interests at the meeting, the action committee against the closure demands that the chief minister spell out and make public what the understanding is between the government and the management of Chowgule college,\" added Sardesai.The Fatorda MLA alleged that the chief minister had changed his stand drastically after attending the meeting with \"Umaji Chowgule and two other individuals\" who Sardesai alleged had vested interests in the education business and who stood to benefit from the closure of Chowgule HSS. \"One runs a higher secondary, while the other during his tenure as MLA had created a situation of \"fait accompli\" to the closure issue and had even made a public statement of stating a higher secondary school claiming that he too posses an educational society,\" added Sardesai.Members of the action committee against the closure of Chowgule College stated that they were totally opposed to any temporary solution aimed at benefiting vested interests and ensuring the entry of the \"education mafia\" into the state.Sardesai added that this is just a \"temporary solution and negates the stand taken by Parrikar when he was the leader of opposition\".When Sardesai was asked if he had any plans to start an alternative institute, he stated that it was imperative to find out what Parrikar's stand was and added that if circumstances demanded, there were capable, secular and well-respected people in the society who would come together to start such an institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13756019", "title": "CBI raids ex-ministers\u2019s house", "text": "KANPUR: A team of CBI officials conducted a raid at the house of former health minister Anant Kumar Mishra on Saturday in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.The CBI team conducted search operation at the house of Mishra located at Chetna Chauraha near the collectorate. \"There were six CBI officials in the team which reached Mishra's residence at around 6am. The officials put a lock at the main entrance before conducting searches inside the residence,\" a highly placed source said. Nobody was allowed to enter the house throughout the operation. Mishra was not present in the house.According to sources, the team had recovered several 'incriminating' documents during the raid, besides a computer hard disk.Sources informed that the CBI has also registered a fresh case in the NRHM scam relating to alleged selective appointment of over 100 chief medical officers in 72 districts by the ministers, including Mishra, during the previous government's regime in collusion with private contractors to ensure that lucrative supply and construction orders were bagged by them.With this fresh FIR, the CBI has so far registered 14 cases in connection with alleged irregularities in the utilization of Rs 9,000 crore as funds received under the National Rural Health Mission for launching health services in rural areas across the state.The CBI had already questioned Mishra twice in connection with death of deputy chief medical officer YS Sachan. Former minister Babu Singh Kushwaha had already been sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13750226", "title": "Bakery blast toll rises to 7; cops arrest 2", "text": "MUMBAI: The death toll in Wednesday's cylinder blast at a Trombay bakery, operating an illegal factory, went up to seven as a victim succumbed to burn injuries on Friday.On Wednesday, five people were killed and 40 were injured after a portion of a building in Cheeta Camp collapsed following a cylinder explosion in Uzair bakery, housed in the structure. Another victim had died on Thursday.The Trombay police on Saturday arrested two delivery boys of the gas agency, taking the number of arrests to three. According to the police, the two boys have been identified as Laxman Popat Davre and Sandil Thevar. Both have been remanded in police custody. Police said that the two are responsible for illegally delivering gas cylinders to the bakery.The police are now examining whether the bakery owner, Yasina Shaikh, can be arrested. Reportedly, she is suffering a critical illness and arrest may affect her health.Locals alleged that the structure, which housed the one-year-old bakery and several other small-scale manufacturing units, was illegal. Despite several complaints, such illegal units continue to run, they alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13771263", "title": "Shraddha Das is lucky mascot for business houses", "text": "Apparently, the talk among the event organizers and other PR folks is that Shraddha is being considered the lucky sentiment for many of the business houses so they are vying for her to come and do the ribbon cuttings.The thing about sentiments running high in film industry has been rubbed several times. But now, it appears that a new sentiment has begun and this is for the opening of showrooms and launching of products. Yes , the buzz in Hyderabad brand market is that a golden leg has emerged for them.She is the strict seductress Shraddha Das. Apparently, the talk among the event organizers and other PR folks is that Shraddha is being considered the lucky sentiment for many of the business houses so they are vying for her to come and do the ribbon cuttings. That way, the hot legs has become a golden leg.On an average, Shraddha is visiting Hyderabad for these events once a week. On the film front, Shraddha is reportedly gunning for performance oriented roles and discussions are on for few projects. For now, she has 'Rey' in the making wherein she would be essaying the role of a pop star.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758775", "title": "Post-graduate training centre at Kamla Nehru hospital on cards", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has sent a proposal to the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) to start a post-graduate medical centre at its Kamla Nehru hospital, where nearly 100 students will be able to pursue their MD and MS degrees.Civic health department chief S T Pardeshi said, \"The MUHS team will visit the hospital and start the process of developing the centre.\" He said the team will check facilities related to pathology, anatomy and physiology at the hospital, besides facilities for classrooms. They will also scrutinise the advertisements given for recruitment and the availability of staff. The committee will later send a proposal to the Indian Medical Council.He said citizens would benefit from the opening of the medical centre since the availability of doctors will increase, with students pursuing post-graduation in various streams doing their practicals and internships at the hospital. At present, most students do their internship at the government-run Sassoon general hospital , he said, adding, \"Students enrolling at the medical centre will be given a stipend, the amount for which will be decided once the centre is started.\"Pardeshi said the land near the Naidu hospital could be used for setting up other infrastructure required for the medical centre. Infrastructure available at the Kamala Nehru, Rajiv Gandhi and other civic hospitals could also be used by students of the centre. More than 100 students will be able to take admission at the centre.Meanwhile, the Pune civic body has plans to start its own medical college in the city. An expert committee of the Medical Council of India from Delhi had visited Pune in the first week of December last year to check the facilities that can be provided by the civic body to the college. If the plan goes as per schedule, Pune will become the fourth municipal corporation, after Mumbai, Nagpur and Thane, to run a medical college.When asked about the status of this college, Pardeshi said that project will take off after the civic body makes a budgetary provision for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13753065", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation to maintain street lights under PPP mode", "text": "PATNA: Street lights in the state capital are in a poor shape. A large number of them have stopped functioning, causing difficulties to people in the evening hours. Initially, residents used to complain but now they have given up. However, in an effort to improve the situation, Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has initiated a move to entrust the job of maintenance of street lights to private parties under public-private partnership (PPP) mode. It has floated a tender inviting bids for the purpose.While almost the entire city has been affected by the street light disorder, some of the prominent areas including Patliputra Colony, Gardanibagh, Kankarbagh, Digha, Ashiana Road, Jagdeo Path, Indrapuri, AG Colony, Lodipur, Rajivnagar, Police Lines, Rajendra Nagar and Patna City are the worst sufferers.\"We have floated a tender for installation and maintenance of street lights and high-mast lights by some private companies,\" said a PMC official. The company which will get the contract on June 19 would have to pay charges to Patna Electric Supply Undertaking (Pesu) for the power consumed. The company would also be allowed to display its advertisements on the electricity poles, for which it would have to pay to the PMC.The official added the PMC did not have any infrastructure to maintain the street lights. \"We have only one or two electrician and no equipment to install or maintain the large number of street lights. There are quite a few numbers of streets where installation of street lights are required. The existing staff of PMC are not skilled enough even to switch on or switch off the street lights,\" said the official.During the last 10 years, the Patna Electricity Supply Undertaking (Pesu) and Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) had been taking care of the street lights in the city. There are only 23 high-mast lights for 925 roads and streets falling under the jurisdiction of the PMC.According to PMC sources, the corporation had paid Rs 58 lakh to Pesu for undertaking maintenance of street lights between 2000 and 2004. After the fund was exhausted, Pesu submitted utilization report to the PMC in 2004 and requested the latter to maintain the street lights. But PMC again gave Rs 15 lakh to Pesu in October 2004 for the maintenance work. When this fund was exhausted, the Pesu presented another utilization report to the PMC this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13788437", "title": "Ram Charan gets ready for the wedding day", "text": "With less than two weeks to go for the eagerly awaited wedding, actor Ram Charan has decided to stop all his movie commitments for the next one month. The actor has been busy shooting all through the year. First it was Racha which went on to be a hit. Right now, he is simultaneously working in the Zanjeer, director Vinayak's Cherry and Vamshi Paidipally's Yevadu. Charan has been shooting nonstop for these 3 movies since past 2 months. Now, he will take break for more than 3 weeks in june 2012. Charan has officially announced of getting freed from all the shootings till the end of wedding ceremony followed by Honeymoon trip., which ends about a week after wedding. With marriage date scheduled for June 14, the whole of mega family is busy with the wedding preparations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13753964", "title": "Suspecting wife's fidelity 23-yr-old youth ends life", "text": "INDORE: Suspecting the fidelity of his wife, a 23-year-old youth committed suicide by jumping in front of a moving train near Super Corridor here on Sunday. Police have recovered a suicide note from him.The deceased has been identified as Kamal Singh, son of Bane Singh. He was the resident of Bhoransala village. He married a girl from the nearby village around a year ago.Police said that a few passers by noticed his body lying on the railway track and informed police immediately.The Banganga police reached the spot and during a search, they found the suicide note from the pocket of his shirt. A bicycle was also found to be parked near the spot, said police.According to police, Kamal has, in the suicide note, blamed his wife's alleged illicit relationship with a man and stated that it drove him to end his life. The body was sent to district hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13752007", "title": "Water crisis spreads to north, east of Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The problem of water shortage has been increasing day-by-day in the city, but civic body authorities have not yet come up with any permanent or temporary solution to deal with the problem.After the pitiable water scenario in the southern parts of the city, now the crisis has spread to the northern and eastern parts of the city. The problem is so bad that residents are not even able to store water in their tankers, since the supply is either late at night or early in morning.Now, water woes have started to emerge in sectors 7, 8, 11, 15, 21, 24, 25, 26, 27. With only 30 tankers available with MC to provide water in residential areas, these are proving insufficient as most of these are used up in slum colonies, where some areas have no permanent water connection and people are mostly dependent on water tankers.Sumit Garg, a shopkeeper based in Sector 15, said, \"We too have started facing water shortage as we are literally struggling to store potable water for our daily usage. Year after year, the same problem persists but MC continues to be in slumber.\"Deepak Kalia, a resident of Sector 21, said, \"Every year in summer we face water shortage, but this year the problem has increased manifold. I feel the civic body is incapable of controlling the situation or coming up with a solution as the problem has slipped out of their hands.\"Suresh Kumar , a resident of Sector 11, said, \"We have been living on the ground floor, but the water pressure is so poor that many times we fail to store water for drinking purposes also. If the scenario continues, the day is not far when we'll be forced to buy drinking water in times when prices are hitting the roof.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13755234", "title": "Kutch's 1st community radio goes on air", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The experiment that started in 1998 bore fruits after 14 long years. Radio Ujjas, which went on air on Saturday from Bhimsar village near Nakhatrana in Kutch district, will serve a population of more than 20,000.The inauguration took place in the presence of many local dignitaries, community communication activists and members of Kutch Mahila Vikas Sangathan (KMVS) amidst fanfare. The radio's first broadcast was about the inaugural ceremony itself. After broadcast of two-hour programme daily for a while, the radio is expected to be fully-functional in a few months.Talking about the initiative, Preeti Soni of KMVS told TOI that they thought of starting a community radio on experimental basis in 1998 with Ahmedabad-based Drishti Media Collective and selected Kutch and Dang districts for broadcasting. However, due to the existing government policies, the project had to be shelved for a while.KMVS was amongst the frontrunners when community communication activists from all over the country started nationwide campaign to free the airwaves under umbrella of Community Radio Forum (CRF) in 2000s. The campaign resulted into government policy that allowed community radio in 2006.\"We used to publish a newspaper with our community reporters but soon we realized that not many people can read. At that time, we decided to explore the possibility of using radio as a medium for education and entertainment and also got a slot from All India Radio where we used to present weekly programme under the title Radio Ujjas beginning 2000. The programme is still going,\" said Soni.What would the radio do? \"We have a committee of 11 women and five community reporters who come from the villages that we cover with the radio. Thus, it is of the people, for the people and by the people model that makes it special. We primarily function in Kutchi language but we have listenership of various dialects and languages. Thus, we will try to cover them all over the time,\" said a KMVS official.Soni said that the radio will not only cover the local issues, hold discussions with locals and educate the listeners but will also preserve the local culture. \"We want to document local culture, language, art and artisans through our programmes and preserve it for the generations to come,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ipoh ( malaysia )", "code": "13781339", "title": "We did enough to deserve a podium finish, says Michael Nobbs", "text": "IPOH ( MALAYSIA ): India might have failed to win the Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament for a record sixth time, but coach Micheal Nobbs is delighted with the bronze medal showing and said his wards did enough to finish on the podium.Five-time champions India on Sunday stunned pre-tournament favourites Great Britain 3-1 to clinch the bronze medal in this year's Sultan Azlan Shah Cup.\"I'm obviously very pleased. It's a good win and a medal here is what we were aiming at. We would've loved to win the title, but we have done well to get on the podium,\" Nobbs said at the post-match press conference here.\"We played this match well to get the bronze.\" India's 2-3 loss to Great Britain in their round-robin league match, notwithstanding, Nobbs said he was confident of putting it across their rivals on Sunday.\"I was expecting such a victory. I was actually thinking of 3-0 margin before the game,\" he said.The Australian said that after a not-so-impressive opening half, the Indian attackers showed more intent in the second period.\"At half-time, after conceding the lead in the 35th minute, I told my players to be more thorough with their execution, as they were losing the ball after getting into the (rival) circle,\" Nobbs pointed out.\"Once they began doing that in the second half, our attacks had more penetration. I think our forwards can do better,\" he added.Nobbs was of the view that erstwhile champions India need to play more tough opponents in the run up to the London Olympics in order to improve their game.\"We need more tough matches to improve, and that's what were seeking when we decided to come here,\" he said.Traling 1-2, Great Britain made a desperate move and pulled its custodian James Fair out of the field in the 68th minute to add another player in search of the equaliser. The move backfired as it created the opening for India's third goal in the penultimate minute.Sandeep Singh scooped one to an unmarked Tushar Khandekar inside the rival circle, which the latter just had to control and push into an open goal, and he duly accomplished the task to seal India's victory.And Nobbs lauded star drag-flicker Sandeep for scoring a goal and setting up the last goal for his side.\"When Great Britain pulled out their goalkeeper two minutes from the end, we decided to knock everything into the circle and Sandeep Singh did a fine job in delivering the ball for Tushar to score the last goal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13759401", "title": "Excise jeep shot at near Mulavukad Junction", "text": "KOCHI: Creating panic on city roads and hinting at the possibilities of criminals here becoming trigger-happy like their counterparts in metro cities, a jeep in which a group of excise officials were travelling was shot at on Saturday.The excise team was returning to its office near the high court after producing samples of spirit seized from Aluva the other day in a court.When the vehicle reached Mulavukad Junction on the Vallarpadam International Container Trans-shipment Terminal Road around 1.30pm, excise officials in it heard a loud sound and saw smoke rising from the front side of their jeep.\"The driver somehow stopped the vehicle. Though the officials inside noticed a jeep moving fast in the opposite direction, they failed to even take down its number,\" said M J Joseph, assistant commissioner, Excise.Police have started a detailed probe into the incident, including ballistic tests as there are cracks, possibly caused by a bullet, on the front glass of the jeep.\"As the officials travelling in the jeep are not sure about the gun fire, we have collected samples of the front glass and sent it to the Forensic Science Laboratory in Thiruvananthapuram. Whether it was a gun shot or not can be ascertained only after getting the results,\" said Sunil Jacob, assistant commissioner of police, Kochi.Excise officials suspect the hands of the spirit mafia behind the incident. There were three officials in the jeep when the incident took place.According to police, the vehicle used by the assailants was a white Scorpio jeep. The exercise jeep involved in the incident is now under police custody. The excise department seized 1,782 litres of spirit from a lorry parked in a petrol bunk in Aluva a couple of days ago. On Friday, police zeroed in on one person, said to be the relative of a police officer, in connection with the incident.According to excise officials, the lorry was parked at the petrol pump by a person identified as Ajith Kumar of Prasanth Nagar in Edappally. The lorry belongs to one Krishnan of Tamil Nadu. Both of them are now absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758698", "title": "7 injured during Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority anti-encroachment drive", "text": "PUNE: Seven people, including two policemen, were injured in stone pelting and lathi charge when angry residents opposed the anti-encroachment drive conducted by the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) to demolish three unauthorised marriage halls located in Walhekarwadi area of Chinchwad on Saturday.Speaking to TOI, deputy commissioner of police Dnyaneshwar Chavan (Zone III) said two police officials were injured and two vehicles were damaged after protesters threw stones. He said 24 people were arrested for obstructing government officials from performing duty and damaging public property.There are seven large unauthorised marriage halls spread over an area of 15 acre in Walhekarwadi area. The anti-encroachment drive was conducted after a lull of a fortnight.Kishore Pawar, deputy chief executive officer, PCNTDA, said, \"The preparations for the drive began from 9 am when the JCB and other machines were deployed at Dange Chowk in Thergaon. But, local residents threw stones and broke the diesel tanks of the JCBs. The machines had to be taken to Hinjewadi to prevent any untoward incident. Later, one JCB had to be summoned under police protection to conduct the drive around 12.30 pm. The police detained a few people who had turned violent.\"Pawar said the authority demolished the structures in three marriage halls spread over 10 acre in the presence of heavy police bandobast. The drive was completed at 6 pm. \"The PCNTDA has lodged cases in Chinchwad and Hinjewadi police stations against people for trying to burn vehicles, damage them and for obstructing government employees from performing their duties,\" he said.Local people gathered in large numbers to oppose the drive and formed a chain around the unauthorised structures. The police tried to disperse the mob but some of them started pelting stones while others damaged the diesel tanks of these vehicles. The angry people also pelted stones on the police vans, compelling the police to order mild lathi charge to disperse the mob.Total 15,000 unauthorised constructions have been identified in the PCNTDA limits and the authority has sent them notices. The authority is conducting a drive to remove all incomplete unauthorised constructions and those that measure more than 5,000 sq ft.There is a growing demand from local residents to regularise the structures by charging a fine. The proposal for regularising these constructions is pending with the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13778541", "title": "Prabhu Deva plays autobiographical character", "text": "Prabhu Deva hardly has the time to celebrate the rousing opening of his new directorial venture Rowdy Rathore. He's working round-the-clock rehearsing for the IIFA to be held in Singapore next week.Says the modest choreographer-actor-filmmaker, \"All of us worked hard on Rowdy. We hoped it would be liked. But the response at the theatres is something else. We are all very happy but there's no time to celebrate.\"Later this year Prabhu will be seen playing the lead in in fellow-choreographer Remo d'Souza's directorial venture. It takes one choreographer to recognize the pained soul behind the dancing that constitutes the life of another.We hear Remo D'Souza's 3D dance film ABCD is based on the film's leading man dancer choreographer's life and career. When asked Remo D'Souza admitted that the role of the dancer-hero in ABCD was modelled on Prabhu Deva himself.Prabhu says he was taken aback when he heard Remo D'Souza's script. \"It sounded like an instant replay of my own life. The role is very close to my heart. It is fun to be choreographed by someone else. I just have to dance. But it isn't easy. Remo has got some fabulous dancers from all over the world. They're 20 years old. I feel I am out of touch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13757849", "title": "Kalyani University responds to RTI after 5 years", "text": "KOLKATA: It's nearly seven years since the Right to Information (RTI) Act came into effect but the situation in West Bengal is dismal, or so it seems. An RTI activist from Naihati in North 24-Parganas, who is also the assistant secretary of the Association for Protection of Democratic Rights (APDR), Naihati-Jagaddal Branch, sought information from the registrar of the Kalyani University in May, 2007 and got his reply five years later, in May, 2012. The RTI Act, 2005, states that a citizen should receive information about life and liberty within 48 hours and in other matters, the time limit is 30 days.\"It all started in 2007 after the first year BA (Pass/Honours) results of the Kanchrapara College were declared. I came to know that several students had failed. Many of them applied for review of their answer scripts in December, 2006. The review results were declared in the last week of April, 2007. By then, college authorities had asked them to pay Rs 105 as university examination fee and Rs 241 towards enrolment fee, building fee and other charges. The students were promised, though verbally, that the money would be refunded if the review results showed that they had passed. The review results came in barely a week after the fees were charged and several hundred students passed. When they went to ask for a refund, authorities told them that there is no such rule,\" said Sajid Kamal, the RTI activist.On May 21, 2007, Kamal sought information on three issues through an RTI application. Firstly, he wanted a list of students of Kanchrapara College (BA Reg Session 2005-06) who had passed their first year examinations after getting their papers reviewed. Secondly, he wanted to know about the procedure of refunding university examination fees and thirdly, he sought information on how a student can seek a refund of fees like enrolment and development charges.\"When I didn't get a response from the registrar, I appealed to the VC and the West Bengal Information Commission (WBIC). On several occasions, the WBIC directed the university to provide the information but to no avail. On one occasion, the university replied to WBIC that the applicant should pay a visit and sort out things mutually. On another occasion, the university claimed that it wasn't able to send the information due to floods. In spite of this, the WBIC didn't impose any penalty U/S 20(1) of the RTI Act, 2005. When I finally received my reply, I came to know that the WBIC had convened a hearing at its office on May 2, 2012, but had not informed me,\" Kamal said.In the reply, Kamal came to know that 530 students had passed their first year examination in 2007 after a review. So far as the procedures involved in refunding the money collected were concerned, the university replied that there was no such provision. For no fault of theirs, the students had paid Rs 1,84,440 to the college, a part of which went to the university. Kamal suspects that this irregularity continues till date but he could not take any step then due to the delay in the reply.\"I just wonder how much the university and the colleges under it have made over the last several years in this manner. The Rs 1,84,440 was only from one batch of students. There may have been many such batches every year,\" the activist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13750504", "title": "Justice V Eswaraiah appointed acting Chief Justice", "text": "Justice V Eswaraiah, the senior most judge of the high court, has been appointed as the acting Chief Justice (CJ) of the High Court. Following the elevation of current CJ Madan B Lokur as judge of the Supreme Court, President Pratibha Patil made Justice Eswaraiah the acting CJ till a new CJ is appointed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13776827", "title": "Christina Aguilera spills out of very tight outfit", "text": "Christina Aguilera put her ample cleavage and womanly curves on display yet again in an extremely tight teal coloured bandage dress, while out on a date with boyfriend Matthew Rutler.The popstar's outfit was so tight that she appeared to have difficulty navigating a small set of stairs and Rutler had to help her along.The two were enjoying a dinner date at Sur Restaurant in West Hollywood , the Daily Mail reported.The 31-year-old diva paired her dress with yellow heels, a black biker jacket and very heavy make-up, including scarlet lips.Meanwhile, Rutler was casual in jeans, a white T-shirt, khaki jacket and military style boots.Aguilera and Rutler, a production assistant, started dating in 2010 after meeting on the set of her film 'Burlesque'.The relationship came after her split with first husband Jordan Bratman , with whom she shares a son named Max.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13786825", "title": "Hope Tendulkar enjoys his role as Rajya Sabha member: Anand", "text": "NEW DELHI: World chess champion Viswanathan Anand on Sunday said that Sachin Tendulkar serving as Rajya Sabha member would be a big step in his life and wished the cricket legend to enjoy his new role.\"I hope he (Tendulkar) enjoys his role and he is able to do it very well. It's a big step for him and I think he will enjoy it,\" Anand said.Tendulkar will take oath as a member of Rajya Sabha on Monday.Anand said that he was not the one to lobby for himself to be conferred the Bharat Ratna, but thanked his well-wishers for thinking that he deserves the country's highest civilian award.\"I simply can't imagine myself campaigning for that award. I am not gonna do that. What happens happens. I don't want to say anything that might influence anything,\" he said.\"I appreciate the support ... anyone who takes position on my behalf supporting me. A feeling that people are behind you gives you a lot of strength, that I appreciate,\" he told a television news channel.Anand returned to a rousing reception at his home city Chennai last night after winning his fifth world title by defeating Boris Gelfand of Israel in a tense tie-breaker in Moscow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13748946", "title": "Junior wrestlers allege sexual harassment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wrestling fraternity is in the news for wrong reasons again. Four junior India women wrestlers have written to sports minister Ajay Maken alleging sexual harassment by a coach at an Under-19 camp, which has led to the suspension of the coach by the Sports Authority of India (SAI). The girls are now in Kazakhstan as part of the Indian contingent for the Asian Junior Wrestling Championship.The young girls shot off a letter to Maken before leaving for the Asian meet and the matter is now being investigated by a three-member SAI committee, headed by Lucknow centre's regional-director Rachana Govil.\"We will submit a report in 15 days. It's a very serious and sensitive matter and the coach has been told not to travel with the team. He has been temporarily suspended till the inquiry is pending,\" SAI director general Desh Deepak Verma told TOI on Saturday. \"The girls have left for Kazakhstan along with other members of the team. It has been alleged that the coach used to make objectionable comments. We are looking into the details of the complaint,\" he added.The alleged incident took place a fortnight ago at the national camp held from April 30 to May 25. The complaint, sent to the sports minister on May 16, stated that on the night of May 15, a coach from Haryana forcibly entered the room of one of the junior wrestlers, also hailing from the same state. The girl raised an alarm and the others reached her room and locked it from outside.The coach allegedly threatened the girls and abused them while making his way out of the room. Verma, however, said that the matter needs to be investigated thoroughly as one of the four girls has already withdrawn the complaint. \"I have informed the officials in Lucknow to speak to those who are not travelling. We can only reach a final decision after speaking to all the complainants,\" Verma said.Meanwhile, SAI's regional-director in Lucknow claimed she came to know about the incident only a couple of days back. \"I presumed the camp went off very well and all the participants were happy. I was only made aware of the issue after receiving a copy of the complaint a couple of days back,\" Govil said. She added that the names of other members of the committee investigating the matter will not be revealed. \"We want all the complaints against the coach to be submitted in a written format by the young wrestlers. This is a very sensitive matter and we don't want to damage the reputation of either party,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13755230", "title": "Shooting an underrated event, says ace shooter", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Suma Shirur, the world record holder in Women's 10 meter shooting, is not worried about the sport she represents, that it will be over-shadowed by cricket in the country.\"Rather, I am very happy that our people at least follow cricket,\" she says, for she believes India is not a sporting nation at all, though everyone is interested in watching sports on TV. With the population the country has, the number of sporting talents it produces is too low, she adds.Suma was in the city as a resource person at the shooting coaching summit organized by the Shooting Sports Foundation India (SSFI), a national trust formed by national shooting coach and Dronacharya award winner Sunny Thomas, at the Technopark campus.According to Suma, shooting is a much underrated sports event. People do not consider shooting as a spectator sport. \"If a game like golf can have spectators then shooting too deserves it. All that is needed is the right amount of support from the sponsors and of course, media,\" says she.She also thinks that more youngsters should take up shooting, as it is the only sporting event in which Indians can easily outdo others, especially Europeans and Americans, who are bigger in physique. Shooting is more of a mind game. Of course, the shooter needs to have physical strength.But more than that, what matters in shooting is patience and temperament, which our youth have in abundance. She is a little disappointed that her team did not qualify for the London Olympics. Nevertheless, the 38-year-old mother of two children believes that she will shoot back to winning ways again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13755713", "title": "Rs 3,000 to SC/ST girls for Class IX to XII schooling", "text": "PANAJI: An amount of 3,000 will be deposited in the name of all scheduled caste (SC) and scheduled tribe (ST) girls, studying in government and government-aided schools, who pass Class VIII and seek admissions to Class IX, the directorate of education (DoE) informed schools in a new circular.The scheme's beneficiaries will be able to withdraw the deposit amount on completing 18 years of age and on the condition that they clear the Class X exam successfully. The girl student will receive a certificate to identify her as the scheme's beneficiary on seeking admissions to Class IX and will be bound to continue schooling for at least two years after the certificate's issuance. The Union ministry of human resource development has approved the centrally sponsored scheme for the year 2012-13 to be known as 'Incentive to girls for secondary education'.The girl should be unmarried and below 16 years of age when seeking admissions to Class IX to benefit from the scheme. The scheme's objective is to promote female enrolment in the 14-18 age group at the secondary stage. The scheme aims to retain girl students till Class XII. There will be no income criteria for grant of the incentive, because SC/ST girls studying in government and government-aided schools are considered to be from the weaker sections of the society as per the central government scheme.In the year 2004-05, the dropout rate for girls from Classes I to VIII was 50.8% nationally. Only 36% of the country's female enrolment could be retained up to Class X. It was found to be a combined result of several socio-economic factors.An estimated 13.57 lakh girls across the country are set to be covered under the new scheme.The onus will be on the heads of schools to ensure that no girl student eligible for the scheme is left out so the objective is fulfilled to reduce dropouts among girls from the weaker sections in secondary and senior secondary classes and to promote retention and enrolment at this level.All beneficiaries will have to open an account in a nationalized back for the scheme amount and all heads of schools will have to send names of beneficiaries and the account numbers to the DoE before June 25. Every implementing school will have to examine if the girls fit the eligibility criteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750527", "title": "Yadagiri: From humble vendor to grand schemer", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yadagiri from Srikakulam started his life as a milk vendor, but quickly discovered that real estate and land settlements were the fastest way to make money and, in the process, took to crime. With his misdeeds piling up, police opened a history-sheet against him.Within a short span, Yadagiri, who is fluent in English and well-versed with law, learnt the art of 'managing' cops and government officers. Now, his clout is such that he reportedly 'arranged' bail for mining baron Gali Janardhana Reddy.The 39-year-old history-sheeter, who has been staying in Nacharam since 1995, had been a frequent visitor to police stations in the neighbourhood for his role in various offences. However, he took advantage of this rapport with cops and later became an informer. During this time, he had the full support of a retired deputy superintendent rank officer.It is learnt that Yadagiri earned crores of rupees in land settlements and real estate with the active support of cops. Locals claim that his house in Nacharam is equipped with several CCTV cameras and guarded round-the-clock by his henchmen and dogs.\"He is always surrounded by 10 to 15 men who always move in a fleet of cars. Yadagiri is not known for moving with political leaders, but he always enjoys the support of police, revenue and municipal officers,\" police said. Incidentally, Yadagiri's father Balakrishna migrated to the city four decades ago. Though he migrated from Andhra, the Srikakulam native named his son Yadagiri, a name typical to the Telangana region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13760400", "title": "Ananth Kumar trains guns on Rahul Gandhi", "text": "MANGALORE: BJP national general secretary H N Ananth Kumar has launched a political broadside against his Congress counterpart Rahul Gandhi over the perceived partiality of the Centre in coming to the aid of the drought-hit Karnataka.Noting that the Centre has provided special packages to Vidarbha and Bundelkhad regions affected by similar natural calamity, Ananth Kumar said the Centre's move to sanction Rs 238 crore and release Rs 70 crore smacked of its indifference and wanted Rahul to react.An all-party delegation led by chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda submitted a detailed representation to Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee putting down the state's drought losses to Rs 6,000 crore and sought an interim relief of Rs 1,250 crore. However, the Centre has released a paltry sum and this despite high profile visit of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi to the drought-affected regions of the state. We expected a better deal from the Centre, he said.Addressing BJP workers at a preparatory meeting in the run up to South-West Graduates and Teachers constituency polls here on Saturday, Ananth Kumar exhorted Sadananda Gowda to fight this injustice meted out to Karnataka by the Centre. \"The entire BJP and NDA leadership will collectively stand behind you,\" Ananth Kumar said, adding that the CM would have the party's full support in highlighting the state's cause in this regard.Flaying the UPA government for recently hiking the price of petrol by Rs 7.54 per litre and now dragging its feet on reducing it in the wake of weakening price of crude oil in international market, Ananth said BJP would launch nationwide 'Jan Sangharsh Abhiyan' from June 7 to 22.\"The finale of this abhiyan will see the BJP workers court mass arrest on June 22,\" he said.The abhiyan is being launched with three specific demands that the UPA government revokes the Rs 7.54 hike in petrol price fully, control skyrocketing prices of essential commodities and stop discriminating among UPA and NDA-ruled states in matters of providing assistance.The price of petrol was around Rs 40 when NDA was in power, Ananth said, adding that it has more than doubled during the UPA rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13768495", "title": "Aakash 2 specifications by June-end: Sibal", "text": "The specifications for the revised version of the world's cheapest tablet PC, Aakash 2, will be finalised by the end of June, Union telecom and human resource development minister Kapil Sibal has said.\"During the course of this month, we will finalise the specifications and technology for the Aakash project and move forward with its manufacturing,\" Sibal said at an event in Mumbai over the weekend.The tablet will be a platform on which public services will be electronically delivered, he said.\"I am absolutely certain that in the next five to seven years, we will be able to provide this tablet to every school and college student. It will also be available for the individuals who wish to acquire it,\" he said.\"The tablet will be available at as cheap as $35 or even less,\" he said.Stating that information is the most powerful tool, Sibal said there is a need for higher investments in IT, telecom and electronic manufacturing sectors.\"We need to invest in these sectors which are emerging as backbones of our economic growth. Over next two-and-a-half years, we aim to connect 2.5 lakh gram panchayats across the country through optical fibre and the last mile connectivity through wireless broadband,\" he said.As many as 604 universities and 35,000 colleges will be brought under the national knowledge network in the next six months, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13775445", "title": "Viswanathan Anand: No plans to retire", "text": "CHENNAI: He has been the undisputed world champion for the past five years but Indian chess veteran Viswanathan Anand has no plans of calling it quits just yet as he says his morale is on a high after beating a \"complicated\" Boris Gelfand to notch up his fifth world title.\"There are definitely no thoughts of retirement. In fact quite the opposite. (Winning a fifth world title) has been a huge boost to my morale. As long as I enjoy, I don't see any reason to retire,\" Anand told reporters during a felicitation function organised by his long-time sponsors NIIT on Sunday.Anand defeated Israeli Boris Gelfand in the World Championship match a few days ago to successfully defend his world title.\"I am still enjoying the game having just defended my title. Winning in Moscow meant a lot emotionally. It's not only about records. It's just that you hate losing and you love winning. I am looking forward to playing chess and winning tournaments,\" Anand said.\"For me, the number has been irrelevant. Every title defence is special. I simply want to enjoy playing chess. There is no checklist,\" he added.The 42-year-old was hosted by Russian President Vladimir Putin for tea after his triumph in Moscow. Recalling the meeting, Anand chuckled about Putin's remark 'So, we brought this on ourselves' when the Indian told him how training at the Russian Culture Centre had helped his game.\"Well we laughed because I thought it was a witty line. The meeting was almost half an hour. He is very knowledgeable about chess. He spoke about how chess is important in Russian culture. He was generally very gracious. I thought that was a quick one,\" he recalled.Anand also gave a detailed account of his preparations leading up to the match and the turning points during it.\"My training was from Jan 15 to April 15. This time my preparation was very intensive because I did not have a camp. Last year I was busy playing tournaments,\" he said.\"We worked very hard and developed some thoughts. I had several systems prepared with black and white. You always had to start with something new. I knew Gelfand since 1989 and always thought he was very professional and disciplined chess player.\"Someone who had good understanding of the game. He is someone who embodies the best traditions of Soviet Union chess. I knew he would come up with some of the best preparation and he did,\" he added.Anand said Gelfand was a tough nut to crack and had his own set of innovations.\"Boris was a very complicated opponent. He managed to set all his dominant opening aside and come up with entirely new openings. I had to prepare for all the possible things he could do. He prepared very cleverly. We were continuously playing catch-up during the match,\" Anand recalled.\"With the white pieces, he managed to steer clear of our dangerous ideas. This reflected how seriously he was taking the match. It was only in game 11 and 12 that we were able to break out a bit,\" he said.Anand also explained the turning points of the match. \"Most of these big matches come down to one or two turning points. If you don't know how to grab them when they come, that's when the success or failure is decided,\" he said.\"In game seven, we managed to stumble on one area we had not worked as thoroughly as others. It was most difficult moment of the match, I didn't sleep. I was all very disturbed.\"At that point I could not tell myself that it was the turning point. But in game eight, I had done a lot of work on the main areas but we didn't neglect other areas. I wasn't completely without weapons at that time,\" he added.Anand said a few changes here and there helped him take Gelfand by surprise.\"I don't know whether I caught him by surprise but he reacted aggressively. I was excited about what was to come. I thought I could put him under pressure. The turning point happened very quickly. He made some wrong moves and I was very happy that I could get back into the match. I cannot emphasise how important this moment was,\" Anand said.\"After equalising in the eighth game, I could play the rest of the match in peace,\" he added.Anand said the second turning point of the match came in the tiebreak.\"In the first game, for the first time I could get openings from black pieces. I felt that suddenly the match was opening up. Game two was very back and forth. I prepared strong ideas but he showed what a great defender he was. However, he lacked in the end and he was also short of time.\"Anand was, however, appreciative of his rival. \"We both felt genuine respect for each other. I am really happy to have retained my title. Now I can really relax and enjoy this,\" he said.Anand also thanked his support team and his wife Aruna for taking the load off him mentally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750417", "title": "Andhra Pradesh seeks Centre\u2019s nod for B P Acharya\u2019s prosecution", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as principal special judge A Pullaiah of the CBI court on Saturday issued prisoner transit warrant to IAS officer B P Acharya, accused in the Emaar scam, the government recommended to the Union department of personnel and training for his prosecution under section 197 (1) of the CrPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act. Section 197 (1) of the CrPC states: \"When any person who is or was a judge or magistrate or a public servant not removable from his office save by or with the sanction of the government is accused of any offence alleged to have been committed by him while acting or purporting to act in the discharge of his official duty, no court shall take cognizance of such offence except with the previous sanction.\"However, while the CBI court issued summons to L V Subramanyam, another IAS officer accused in the scam, the government felt that there was no case against him. \"The perusal of the records did not warrant any such action. So, the permission for the prosecution of LV has been denied,\" it said. Subramanyam, currently EO of TTD, has been let off the hook by the government but has to appear before the CBI court along with Acharya on June 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753807", "title": "BJP woman leader evinces interest in mayor's chair", "text": "LUCKNOW: With senior leader of BJP women's wing Samyuta Bhatia throwing her hat in the ring, the mayoral contest in Lucknow could become a risky proposition for the saffron party. One of the frontrunners for the seat, Bhatia felt that she has been let down by her unceremonious dumping and Dinesh Sharma baiters have fuelled her ambitions and discontent. Even though senior leaders have swung into a damage control mode and to pacify the rebel, the development once again highlights the infighting and groupism in the state unit.Blaming the leadership for its partisan approach Bhatia said, \"I was assured last time and asked to wait till the next term and once again they have gone back on their words. I have been a committed worker for last 40 years and would not tolerate injustice anymore.\"Party sources blame Sharma's tantrum throwing antics for adding to the confusion and the rift which could eventually brighten the chances of Congress contender Neeraj Bora. Sulking after being denied a party ticket for assembly till the very last day of filing nomination, Sharma, sources said played hard to get. With his reputation and stature, he was a perfect choice for an MLA but eventually paid a heavy price for his proximity with Uma Bharati.Wife of MLA from Lucknow Cantt Satish Bhatia and her son an RSS functionary, she has the right connections. Moreover, as a senior leader of the Mahila Morcha, she had been a keen participant in the party's agitation politics for long. \"We will try to make her see sense,\" says Hriday Narain Dixit and added that she is a senior leader and must understand the prevailing situation. Spokesperson Vijay Bahadur Pathak said, \"BJP knows her worth as a disciplined worker and would not damage the prospects of BJP candidate in crucial times,\" Pathak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13756799", "title": "More control over private schools under Goa Right to Education rules", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Rules, 2012 make it mandatory for every private school, not controlled by the government, to declare within six months of the rules coming into force that the school is not run for profit to any individual or group of individuals or any other persons.The schools will also have to declare that its infrastructure, including its playground, is used only for the purposes of education and skill development and that the school is open to inspection by any officer authorized by the government or the local authority. The schools will have to furnish any reports or information that may be required by the directorate of education from time to time.At a meeting held on April 19, 2012, chief minister Manohar Parrikar had directed the rules to be circulated among stakeholders for their objections and suggestions. With the last date to send the comments exhausted on May 21 and with Goa running against time to notify them, the rules appear to be set to come into effect soon. Other than Karnataka, Goa is the only state, which is yet to notify state rules of the Union government's RTE Act, 2009.Once the rules come into force, every private school will have to make the declaration to the deputy director of education concerned giving details of the school's compliance with norms and standards laid by the RTE Act.The deputy director will conduct an on-site inspection of the school within three months and place the report in public domain.Only then schools found to be complying with the required standards will be issued a certificate of recognition. Schools which do not conform to the norms and standards within three years of the Goa rules coming into force will be derecognized. And from the time the rules come into effect every private school will have to obtain such certificate of recognition before it begins functioning.The Goa rules, to make the process of seeking admissions hassle-free in all schools, state that in the absence of all other documents, merely an affidavit by the parent or the guardian declaring the child's age will be considered sufficient age proof while admitting the child in a school.Once the rules come into force, a child, who is not admitted in a school, can be enrolled in one up to six months after the academic year begins. These children will be first provided special training based on separate learning material drawn up by the State Council for Educational Research and Training (SCERT) appropriate for the child's age and which will help the child come on par with the learning for a class suitable to his or her age.The state will carry out a household survey and maintain a record of all children residing within its jurisdiction from their birth till they attain 14 years of age. The records will be updated annually.\"The local authority shall ensure that the names of all children enrolled in the schools within its jurisdiction are publicly displayed on the notice board of every school,\" the rules state.The school management committee, consisting of parents and people from the local community, among other duties will also have to ensure that no teacher of the school is directly or indirectly engaged in private tuitions, consultancy or business and does not render services to any firm or company or any organization with or without remuneration.Within a month of completing elementary education, the child will be issued a certificate of completion of primary education which also specifies the child's achievements in areas beyond studies, which may include dance, music, literature, sports etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13773294", "title": "Prime time shows tweaked their content!", "text": "Prime time shows have tweaked their content to make the storylines spicier and more dramatic, in order to grab more viewershipIn Diya Aur Baati , the current number one show among all fiction based content of general entertainment channels (GECs), the lead pair, Suraj (Anas Rashid) and Sandhya (Deepika Singh) have confessed their love for each other amid a passionate rain sequence and now the just reconciled couple will have to cross other hurdles, which include, how to win the hostile ma-in-law's heart , amid the mandatory eyelocks and lovey-dover smiles of course. In Ek Hazaaron Mein Behna Hai , the dutiful young bahu Jeevika (Krystle) is caught between devotion towards her husband and his family versus her duty to her cancer-ridden sister. This, while Maanvi (Nia Sharma) discovers new feelings for Virat, her best buddy. Arnav (Barun Sobti) and Khushi (Sanaya Irani) of Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon ? share some much awaited romantic moments, until Arnav choses to go back to the kidnappers, to find out the mastermind , while the viewer grapples with the identity of the baddie. In Chal Sheh Aur Maat , Aditi has returned in a new, improved and more vengeful avatar to wreck havoc on her husband. Domestic disharmony might erupt in Parichay , between Kunal (Samir Soni) and Siddhi (Kirti Nagpure); while Aarti (Kratika Sengar) of Punar Vivaah needs the audience to tell her whether she should tell Yash (Gurmeet Chaudhary) the truth about her first marriage. In Dil Se Dua Saubhagyavati Bhavo?, Viraj (Karanvir Bohra) is pretending amnesia to win back his estranged wife Jahnvi (Sriti Jha) who has a new admirer Raghav (Harshad Chopra). The male lead of Shubh Vivah has quit the show and the leading lady is languishing in prison, until proven innocent. Bade Achche Laggte Hai's new leap means Ram (Ram Kapoor) might end up married to his sister-in-law Ayesha (Chahat Khanna) and Priya (Saakshi Tanwar) will find another suitable man. Or will she? Toasty and Tej's perfect marriage in Saas Bina Sasural will hit troubled waters with the advent of a new girl in Tej's life.If that's not enough melodrama and twist in the story for you, then there's Indian Idol Season 6 with masaaledaar vignettes from the contestant's personal files, to make you reach for the hankies. And there's also Dance India Dance Lil Masters , with lots of savvy little twinkle toes and their behind-the-camera stories to lighten up the mood, followed by Madhuri Dixit putting on the cap of celeb judge in Jhalak Dikhlaja - Duniya Pe Cha Ja, followed by KBC 6 etc etc. And you were still suffering from IPL blues? It's time to hang on to the remote button now!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758552", "title": "Child rights' activists frown at raising age for consensual sex", "text": "PUNE: Several NGOs working to minimise child sexual abuse and for children's welfare said the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, 2012, (PCSOA) would be effective only when implemented properly. But activists had reservations about increasing the age of consent for sex from 16 years to 18 years under the new act.The radical provisions of the act strengthen the legal provisions for the protection of children from sexual abuse and exploitation.Sharmila Raje, coordinator of Muskaan, a project handled by Aalochana, an NGO working against child sexual abuse, said, \"Before this act, there were no separate laws for sexual abuse of children. Therefore laws pertaining to abuse of adults were extended to include children as well. However, circumstances surrounding the abuse of children are usually different from those for adults. Children are at a higher risk of repeated abuse, and there was no provision in the law for dealing with such cases. Considering that India has high rates of child sexual abuse, a separate law helps in enabling faster disposal of cases and streamlining them.\" Muskaan participated in the regional and national consultations for drafting the bill.One of the problems in the earlier law under the Indian Penal Code was that there was no calibration of offences, she said. \"From the most severe offence of rape, which carries a minimum punishment of seven years, we directly had the offence of 'outraging the modesty' of a woman, which has a punishment of two years, or a fine. Even the most severe abuse of a girl child would result only in a two-year punishment as long as the offence was non-penetrative. The law ignored the many shades of offences between these two,\" she said.Raje added that this is a problem for children as they are more likely to be subjected to a range of sexual abuse, repeatedly. Crimes such as exhibitionism, voyeurism and showing of pornography to children were only subject to one-year punishment or a fine in the previous law.\"This is the main reason why we needed a change of law, to calibrate, describe, and prescribe different punishments for the entire range of sexual offences. The present Act has indeed calibrated a range of offences,\" said Raje.Raje said that the present act is gender neutral-- both boys and girls are included in its purview as the perpetrator can be of any gender. \"Earlier, under the Indian Penal Code, the only recourse for male children was under Section 377 of the code which criminalizes 'unnatural offences',\" she said.Advocate Asim Sarode said there was an urgent need to address additional offences of sexual assault, sexual harassment and pornography happening with children, which the new law does. \"In fact,India has recognized the need for formulating such a law very late, even when it had adopted the convention on rights of children long ago. However, the new law entails stringent punishment for offenders and recognizes the gravity of sexual offence against children. It is a good law, providing a new avenue of legal protection to children victimized at various levels,\" said Sarode.Sarode said the provision that the statement of the child is to be recorded as spoken by the child is good. \"This provision recognizes the decision-making capacity of the child. This law will also sufficiently caution potential perpetrators of child sexual offences, who often close relations. Also, the law says that if any child victim alleges that he/she has been sexually abused, his/her statement will be considered true and that the offender will bear the burden of proving that he is not guilty. This particular provision is highly right-based,\" he said.Anuradha Sahasrabuddhe, executive director of Dnyana Devi Childline, which was also part of the committee that was involved in drafting the act, said, \"Punishment is more stringent in the current act. An attempt has been made to plug all the loopholes due to which the offender can get away. It clearly defines child sexual abuse. Every word has been deliberated upon. At a time when child sexual abuse is growing, this act will help NGOs work against this evil.\"Implementation of the act is of prime importance. \"Any act if not operationalised properly will make no sense. The new act should have speedy trails. There should not be any delays in dispensing justice,\" said Sahasrabuddhe.Activists are wary about increasing the age of consent to 18 years from 16 years. The 2001 version of the Bill did not punish consensual sexual act if one or both partners were above 16 years. The current act however criminalises all sexual contact either with or between those under 18.\"Increasing the age of consent will lead to criminalizing consensual sex between two 17-year-olds or a 17- year-old and an 18-year-old. It may make disapproving parents of the girl charge the boy with rape,\" said Raje.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13786333", "title": "Two chain snatchers held", "text": "Pune: The Pune police have arrested two suspects for allegedly snatching a gold chain of a 34-year-old woman at Shivtirthnagar in Kothrud. The police have identified the suspects as Kasim Irani (24) and Hyderali Irani (21), both residents of Shrirampur in Ahmednagar district.Acting on a tip-off, a police team of the Kothrud police station led by senior police inspector Chandrakant Ghodke laid a trap and nabbed the suspects from Shrirampur.Ghodke said that the incident took place when the complainant Shubhangi Rahul Mazire was returning home on her scooter after dropping her children to the tuition class in Karve road. \"The two suspects, who were following her on the motorcycle, snatched her gold chain worth Rs 30,000 and fled,\"\" Ghodke said.Ghodke said that during the investigations, the police received a tip-off that the suspects involved in the chain snatching incident were from Shrirampur in Ahmednagar district. \"We laid a trap at Shrirampur and nabbed the duo,\" Ghodke said.Ghodke said that during sustained interrogation, the duo admitted their involvement in the chain snatching in Kothrud and some other areas of the city as well. \"We are yet to recover the booty from the duo,\" Ghodke said adding, \"Investigations have revealed that the duo had sold off the looted chains in Gujarat and Rajasthan. We will send our teams to Gujarat and Rajasthan for recovery'', he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13759480", "title": "Kannur roads will be upgraded soon: Minister", "text": "KANNUR: Kannur roads will soon have a new look as the Kerala Road Fund Board (KRFB) is planning to implement a city road improvement project here soon, said minister for public works, V K Ebrahim Kunju.The project, which is going on in Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode, is being implemented in a municipal town in the state for the first time, he said, while addressing the media after a meeting with the people's representatives from the district as well as senior officials from various departments, here on Saturday.\"This project aims to reduce the traffic congestion in the town by scientifically designing the roads, pavements and flyovers, apart from beautifying the city, and lighting it up,\" he said.The detailed project report is expected to be ready by January and once the project takes off it would be completed in two years.He added that fund was not a problem for this project as it was being implemented with the help of the Centre.To ensure that the roads are not cut or dug up for laying utility lines, large concrete and pipe ducts would be provided at various places across the road. The project would also give importance to footpaths and proper lighting of the streets.Minister also said the tender has been floated for the construction of the new Moidu bridge, near Thalassery, as the earlier one built by the British had been damaged. The construction is expected to cost Rs 17.98 crore apart from the cost of land acquisition. \"When it was found that the Moidu bridge is in a dangerous condition, the state government had sanctioned Rs 2 crore and the Centre gave Rs 2.99 crore for land acquisition for the new bridge,\" he said.Once the work begins, efforts would be made to complete the project in fast pace using ultramodern technologies, assured minister. A task force will be set up with deputy collector, which will hold weekly meetings to review the progress of the work including the issues related to land acquisition.He added that the tender would be floated this month for the second phase of KSTP (Kerala State Transport Project), a project financed by World Bank. A discussion with the World Bank officials would be held soon.Minister for rural development K C Joseph, Kannur MP K Sudhakaran, MLAs from the district A P Abdullakutty, K M Shaji and James Mathew attended the meeting.Kannur: Kannur will soon have a new look as the Kerala Road Fund Board (KRFB) is planning to implement a city road improvement project here very soon, Minister for Public Works, V K Ebrahim Kunju has said.The project, which is going on in Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode, is being implemented in a municipal town in the state for the first time, he said while addressing the media after a meeting with the people's representatives from the district as well as senior officials from various departments here on Saturday.\"This project aims to reduce the traffic congestion in the town by scientifically designing the roads, pavements and flyovers, apart from beautifying the city, and lighting it up,\" he said, adding that fund is not a problem for this project as it is being implemented with the help of the Centre.He also said the detailed project report is expected to be ready by January and once the project takes off it would be completed in two years.To ensure that the roads are not cut or dug up for laying utility lines, large concrete ducts and pipe ducts would be provided at various places across the road, and also the project would give importance to adequate pedestrian facilities such as footpaths, as also proper lighting of the town.He also said this project in Thiruvananthapuram is in the final stage, while the works are progressing in Kochi and Kozhikode.The minister said the tender has been floated for the construction of the new Moidu palam (Moidu bridge), near Thalassery, as the earlier one built by the British has been damaged. The construction is expected to cost around Rs 17.98 crore apart from the cost of land acquisition.\"When its was found that the Moidu Palam is in a dangerous condition, the state government had sanctioned rupees two crore and the Centre gave Rs 2.99 crore for land acquisition for the new bridge,\" he said, adding that once the work begins, efforts would made to complete the work in fast pace using ultramodern technologies.To monitor this work, a task force will be set up, with the deputy collector (land acquisition), which will hold weekly meetings to review the progress of the work, as well as the issue related to land acquisition.Also, considering the poor condition of the present bridge, a decision would taken within one week about the measures to control the traffic on this bridge, after discussing with the PWD, Motor Vehicles Department and the police, said the minister.He also added that the tender would be floated this month for the second phase of KSTP (Kerala State Transport Project), a project financed by World Bank, and discussion with the World Bank officials would be held soon.Minister for Rural Development K C Joseph, Kannur MP K Sudhakaran, MLAs from the district A P Abdullakutty, K M Shaji, James Mathew, as also top PWD officials from the district attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13749424", "title": "Ficci award for six northeast women", "text": "GUWAHATI: Six women from the northeast have been awarded by the northeast chapter of the FILadies' Organization (FLO) for their contribution to society in different fields.Singer and Padmashree awardee Deepali Borthakur, gynaecologist Aloka Goswami, violinist Minoti Khound, social worker Suchismita Mazumder, mountaineer Anshu Jamsenpa and film actress L Thonthoimgambi Devi were presented awards at a ceremony held at Vivekanand Kendra here on Saturday. BJP national vice president and MP from Guwahati, Bijoya Chakraborty also attended the function.Borthakur is a well-known singer of Assam , who has sung timeless songs like \"Sonar Kharu Nalage Muk\", \"Bandhu Samai Pale Amar Fale\" and \"Chanai Moi Jao Deh\".Jamsenpa, also a recipient of Arjuna Award and Padmashree in 2011, created a history by being the first 32-year-old mother in the world to climb Mt Everest twice within a span of 10 days-on May 12 and May 21 last year. Jamsenpa is from Bomdila in West Kameng district of Arunachal Pradesh.Tonthoimgambi Devi won the National Film Award this year as the best supporting actress for her performance in the Manipuri film 'Phijlgee Mami'. She won the national award along with a cash prize of Rs 50,000. The 111-minute film tells the story of a young girl Yaiphabee, who sets out on a journey to bring some changes and happiness in her family. The film delivers a strong and beautiful message about the mother-son relationship in the backdrop of present-day Manipur.FLO Northeast chairperson Saroj Khemka said the awards given to the women this year were in recognition and honour of their contribution to society in different fields of activities. She said FLO has been awarding women achievers of northeast every year as an attempt to encourage women to excel in different fields.\"FLO is working for women empowerment and welfare of children. We believe that this award will encourage more women to come forward with different works in the society,\" Khemka said.She said litterateur Mamang Dai of Arunachal Pradesh , Gandhian Hem Bharali, danseuse Gorima Hazarika, human rights activist Hasina Kharbhih of Meghalaya and poet Rongali Medhi were the recipient of FLO awards last year.Khemka said Rongali is an exceptional woman as she started her education in her thirties and wrote a book on poetry at the age of 50.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13756794", "title": "We need an intellectual and not expert as VC: UR Ananthamurthy", "text": "BANGALORE: No government should interfere in the appointment of vice-chancellors, said UR Ananthamurthy, famous litterateur, at a programme on Saturday.Speaking at the programme where he and Nandan Nilekani , chairman, UID, were conferred doctorates by Central University of Karnataka, the writer said: \"There was a time when people from outside were called to become VCs. Now many universities are falling sick since they are localized and belong only to themselves. We should have a campus where teachers are available on campus after class hours. Now we don't even have them before 5pm,\" he said about the current education scenario.\"No medical man should be made VC. What we need is an intellectual person; not an expert,\" he said on the ongoing trouble faced by Bangalore University.UID update:* Around 200 million people have registered.* Another 40 crore will be added in the next two years.* The financial inclusion of the ID will happen in 50 districts across India this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13756065", "title": "Bullet train service in Kerala by 2021 likely", "text": "KANPUR: Kerala will become first state in the country where the bullet train capable of running at a speed of 350 km/hour would be introduced. This high speed train would run on a 560-km-long stretch between Trivandrum and Kasaragod. The project would be a joint initiative of Kerala and the Union government and carried out under the guidance of E Shreedharan, principal adviser, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation.Also known as Metro Man, Shreedharan had come to IIT-Kanpur as the chief guest on its 44th convocation ceremony. Answering a question, he said that the bullet train will run between Trivandrum and Kasaragod in Kerala by 2021. \"We will be introducing bullet train in India on the pattern of Japan. The Japanese technology would be introduced. The feasibility report for launching the train in Kerala has already been prepared. By 2013, we will start the work in developing metro network between the two places,\" he said.He revealed that Lucknow is the next destination on the route map of metro and if things move in the right direction, metro net work will be laid in the state capital in the near future.\"The Lucknow Metro project report is ready and the dream of running a metro in Lucknow will come true soon as work will start shortly. A sum of Rs 3,500 would be incurred in launching metro services in the state capital, out of which the state government had to spend 20%, Union government 25 per cent and the remaining 55% of the cost would be raised through loans,\" he said.In Lucknow, two lines of metro network have been proposed. The metro line project from Delhi to Ghaziabad has been accepted by the Union government and work in this regard would commence soon.When questioned about the launch of metro services in the city, Shreedharan said that conditions in Kanpur for introducing the metro system are favourable but traffic congestion, encroachments and lack of political will are depriving the city of metro services.He said that it takes atleast two-and-a half-year for launching the metro system in a city.\"As far as Kanpur is concerned no survey related to traffic, engineering etc has been done. The city requires metro network,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13759226", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to repair footpath on 46 Integrated Road Development Project roads", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to repair footpaths on 46 Integrated Road Development Project (IRDP) roads. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has made provisions of Rs 4.12 crore for executing the works.The NMC in a press release said that the repairing of footpaths is necessary to ensure for walking along side the roads. \"Encroachments were removed from the footpaths during the anti-encroachment drive. The footpaths are in bad condition in many places on the IRDP roads. Various works have to be executed on the footpaths. Therefore, the proposal has been prepared to undertake the works,\" the press release stated.\"Commissioner Jaiswal has given approval to the proposal and send to the standing committee. The footpaths will become hassle-free and look good after completion of the works,\" said the release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758919", "title": "Tour operator bludgeoned to death", "text": "PUNE: A tour operator was found dead in an open plot behind the Moze School near Dighi Magazine Chowk on Saturday morning. The Vishrantwadi police have identified the victim as Shivraj Baburao Sagar (26), a resident of Kalewadi.The body was found with multiple head injuries while the SUV he was driving is missing.Senior inspector Motichand Rathod of the Vishrantwadi police station said the police was informed about the incident by the security guard of the Dighi Magazine Depot at 8 am.Initially, the police couldn't ascertain the identity of the victim as there was no documents on the body. Rathod said police later found the tailor's tag on the shirt the victim was wearing and contacted the tailor. The tailor knew the victim and gave the police his residential address. Later, Sagar's wife identified the body, Rathod said.Rathod said Sagar worked with a travel agency. He had left his house on Friday evening in an SUV to drop passengers at Patharwadi in Ahmednagar district. He had last contacted his wife on the phone at 11.30 pm while he was returning to Pune. The police are yet to ascertain what happened after that.The police have registered a murder case against unidentified persons under section 302 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753098", "title": "Mathura clash toll reaches 4, curfew clamped", "text": "LUCKNOW: Patrolling was intensified in the curfew-bound Kosi Kalan locality of Mathura on Saturday, a day after two of the dozen people injured in Friday's clashes succumbed to injuries at the Mathura district hospital. What started as an altercation between two groups over use of water in a drum placed outside a mosque took a violent turn following rumours of a communal flare up. Two people were killed in the clashes on Friday.Senior Samajwadi Party leaders, including chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , party president Mulayam Singh Yadav and PWD minister Shivpal Yadav and minister for parliamentary affairs and urban development Mohd Azam Khan met on Saturday to discuss the Mathura violence. Azam Khan was asked to oversee and help authorities defuse the situation.Trouble began around 2.00pm on Friday in Sarai Shahi area where a passerby dipped his hands in the drum, leading to a heated exchange with some locals. The passerby explained he didn't know it was drinking water because the drum wasn't covered nor was there any sign.But the situation turned violent when others in the locality gathered at the spot and thrashed the man and some others who had come to his rescue. Soon rumours spread and traders in Subhash Bazar, Sarai Shahi and Bajaja markets downed their shutters, adding to the panic.Within hours, tension gripped the temple city, as activists from the two faiths gathered outside their respective localities.By the time cops landed up, reports of brick-batting, arson and firing between two communities began to pour in from different parts of the city and mobs torched kiosks at the fruit market near the highway. There was violence in Gurushganj, Baldeoganj and Batasha Bazaar where mobs set ablaze a dozen motorcycles and four wheelers, two furniture stores and shops in Ghanta Ghar Bazaar and Batasha Bazaar area. The situation was brought under the control after curfew was imposed.The chief minister also directed the additional director general of police (ADG) Law &amp; Order Jagmohan Yadav to camp in Mathura and personally supervise the police action in the trouble-hit areas.The ADG flew down to Mathura shortly thereafter, took a first hand stock of the situation and described the situation as completely under control. Talking to TOI, the ADG said, \"There is clear evidence of mischief by some local individuals who have triggered panic by describing a group clash as communal violence shortly after it began. This prompted local residents from the adjoining areas to take sides on communal lines and the situation slipped out of hands faster, leaving the police with no option, but to impose curfew in some specific pockets of Kosi Kalan area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13756917", "title": "Zilla parishad ticks off admin over water scarcity", "text": "NASHIK: Members of the Nashik zilla parishad (ZP) have lambasted the administration for not being able to tackle the scarcity of water and fodder in the district.The fact that there was no proposal from the gram panchayats for temporary water supply schemes and for minor repair works took the zilla parishad members by surprise, as they voiced their concern and alleged that the administration was taking the issue of water scarcity very lightly.The administration seemed to be less serious about mitigating the crisis considering that there was no proposal for temporary water supply schemes, ZP member Balasaheb Wagh said to the water management committee and demanded that the administration take action against erring officers over the issue.\"Unfortunately, the only measure taken was initiating the use of water tankers for the areas which demanded water supply. Unfortunately the officials failed to go beyond this action and seek measures to alleviate the problem further by introducing water supply schemes,\" Wagh said.ZP president Jayashree Pawar and chief executive officer (CEO) Ranjit Kumar Mehta observed that there were some lacunae on the part of the officials and that they needed to pull up their socks to mitigate the crisis immediately. The panel adopted a resolution asking officials to start e temporary schemes wherever possible to cut down the demand of tankers, and present proposed schemes to the collectorate for immediate sanctioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13782909", "title": "DU admission process kicks off tomorrow with forms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rush for admissions at the prestigious Delhi University begins tomorrow with the common pre-admission forms being made available for aspiring students both online and over the counter.The University offers 54,000 seats in over 60 colleges spread across the capital but the spectacularly high cut off rates in recent years tend to make the students nervous.The common pre-admission forms can be availed both online and offline from tomorrow till June 18 for General and OBC candidates, following which the students will wait for the college's announcement of cut-off lists.The forms will be available at head post offices and at 10 colleges of the University and can be submitted back at them.For SC/ST candidates, meanwhile, four centres have been marked to accept their registrations during this period. The aspiring candidates in the reserved category are required to register themselves at the Arts Faculty in the North and South campuses or Rajdhani College or Shyam Lal College from 9.30 am to 2.00 pm.The candidates in the Physically Handicapped category have also been given 15 days from June 4 to 18 to register at the office of the Dean, Students Welfare.Before the beginning of the process, the University has already held a series of counselling sessions for students to clear their doubts and start the exercise on an informed note.The first cut off list will be displayed by the colleges on June 26 followed by similar lists on June 29, July 3, July 6 and July 10. Further lists and conversions of OBC seats, if required, will be notified later, the University said.The 100 per cent cut off percentage announced last year by SRCC had set off a major debate in the country, but University officials have sought to assure students that there were plenty of seats and colleges in the varsity.\"We always tell students that they should not be obsessed by a few colleges. They should rather go for the subjects of their choice and the college that is locationally convenient for them. All colleges of the University have same syllabi and the teachers too are of comparable calibre,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13759421", "title": "Hospitals provided special feeders, still suffer power shortage", "text": "GONDIA: In spite of special feeder for undisrupted power supply for the government hospitals of Gondia, there is no respite to patients, especially small children in these hospitals, from the heat prevailing all over the state.It may be recalled that after introduction of power load shedding in this part of the state there were several complaints from both the government hospital in Gondia, the KTS District Hospital and BGW Hospital for women that the patients were suffering due to heat and there is always possibility of blood getting spoilt in the blood bank and medicines in the refrigerators.So a special package of Rs 3 crore was released for these hospitals in April 2012 for laying special electric feeder and purchasing or repairs of other equipments of these hospitals. It is alleged that due to sub standard quality of material, the feeder is not working properly and there were two instances of its failure, when the temperature is hobbling around 45 degrees Celsius.On April 22 when the feeder first failed, the doctors of BGW Hospital had said that they did not have enough money to purchase diesel for generator. Now on May 27 they said that the generators are out of order.In this connection when contacted the executive engineer of MSEDCL, YD Meshram said that their cables were quite all right, but we are looking for the fault. However, according to sources, during the ongoing construction work of the extension of the hospital the main cable of the special feeder got damaged, hence the trouble. The labourers working on the project said that due to heavy traffic the original cable was damaged, which they were reconnecting.The regular medical superintendent of BGW Hospital Dr Nasim Akhtar was on leave. Officiating medical superintendent Dr Sanjeev Dodkae said that as usual the funds required for minor purchases or repairs (under NRHM) has not been received yet, due to which the repairs of generators or coolers etc could not be taken up so far although the temperature is at its peak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13758893", "title": "Congress panel starts probe into Puglia's defeat", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The two-member committee appointed by Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on Saturday started probe into the defeat of Congress candidate Rahul Puglia in MLC election for Chandrapur-Gadchiroli-Wardha seat.The MPCC committee comprising former minister Balasaheb Shirvarkar and MPCC secretary Sharad Aher began their two-day long tour to the constituency on Saturday. They reportedly quizzed the Congress leaders and activists in Gadchiroli at the rest house in the morning to know the reasons of Puglia's defeat. MLA from Armori Anandrao Gedam was prominent among those who met the committee in Gadchiroli. The committee members then went to MP Marotrao Kowase's residence and sought his views on Puglia's defeat.Notably, Rahul Puglia was defeated by large margin of 203 votes in MLC elections recently. BJP's Mitesh Bhangadiya had gained 403 votes to defeat Puglia by huge margin. Congress-NCP alliance had a total of 306 voters including 219 of Congress and 87 of NCP in the constituency. Still Puglia got only 200 votes which strongly suggested of cross voting and horse trading in the elections.Later in afternoon, the two-member committee visited Chandrapur. They held meeting with senior leaders and party workers at local circuit house here. Congress city president Gajanan Gawande said that they gave their views about the reasons of Puglia's defeat before the committee members.Leaders from Chandrapur, Ballarpur, Warora, Bhadrawati and other places met the committee to state their say over defeat. Committee will visit Wardha on Sunday and hold similar talks with the local leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13785657", "title": "Biotech Park starts finishing school", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to impart necessary training to students of science, by exposing them to the demands and pressures of the job market, Biotech park, has started a Biotechnology Finishing School. It is a six-months certificate course. The institute has started the first batch of the course.\"This has been done after realizing the fact that every year about 4,000 students pass out with BTech, MSc, BSc degrees from the state but unfortunately they could not find proper placement,\" said PK Seth, CEO, Biotech park.The course will ready the students for job, as they will be trained in skills not taught during their degree courses. The biotech park already provides training to students to students of MSc., B. Pharma, and Biotechnology. However, Finishing School is a different concept. It has got the approval from the Department of Biotechnology.Two entrepreneur companies of the park have announced to employ students of finishing school after the certificate course and two other companies have offered for their training, Seth said. There are few scientific institues in South which have started the concept to help students of science pursuing higher degrees.The Finishing School will let students have interaction with eminent scientists. The students will learn the skills to become entrepreneurs and know the demands of today's market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13787918", "title": "Allu Arjun to do a Surrender Reddy film", "text": "It is reliably learnt that Allu Arjun has given the green signal to star in director Surender Reddy's film and will be joining the film's shooting soon. Nallamalpu Bujji is producing this movie under the Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Productions banner. The filmmakers are on the look out for a female lead for the movie and are expected to make an official announcement as soon as they zero in on the leading lady. Meanwhile stylish star Allu Arjun is busy wrapping up the shooting formalities of Julayi. Ileana is playing the female lead in this commercial entertainer directed by Trivikram Srinivas. The actor is expected to start shooting with Meher Ramesh after completing Julayi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750919", "title": "Sajjan cannot cite victim\u2019s old affidavits", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Saturday dismissed Congress leader Sajjan Kumar's appeal to let him defend himself using old statements of an anti-Sikh riots victim that allegedly contradict her current testimony to the court. Rejecting Kumar's application, district judge JR Aryan said the witness' statements that were made before judicial commissions cannot be used for any purpose, not even to discredit or impeach her.The Congress leader in his application had said that he should be allowed to confront Kaur with her earlier affidavits and statements to the judicial commissions. However, the court said: \"It is clear that without going into the wider questions, even a plain reading of section 6 of the Commissions of Inquiry Act prohibits the use of the previous statements at the trial either for the purposes of cross examination to contradict the witness, or to impeach his credit\".The former Outer Delhi MP had filed an application stating that CBI prosecutor RS Cheema, on July 12, 2010, had told the court that Kaur's affidavits and statement recorded by the GT Nanavati and Ranganath Mishra commissions cannot be used because of contradictions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13769580", "title": "'Desperate Housewives' star Kathryn Joosten dies at 72", "text": "'Desperate Housewives' actress Kathryn Joosten , who portrays irritable Karen McCluskey in the US TV show, died on Saturday in Westlake Village, California. She was 72.The star had battled lung cancer, although her official cause of death has not been determined. Kathryn won two Emmy Awards for her work on Desperate Housewives , scooping the Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy prize in 2005 and 2008.The star was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2001 and it returned in 2009. She was treated and given the all clear the following year and spent time promoting cancer awareness.Show's co-star Dana Delany has paid tribute to Joosten on Twitter.\"Very sad to hear of @KathyJoosten's death. She was a salt-of-the earth nurse who became a brilliant actor. Her comic timing was nonpareil,\" Stuff.co.nz quoted her as writing.\"Kathryn spoke openly and passionately about her fight with lung cancer. It is our loss that she is gone (sic),\" she wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13749475", "title": "Activists urge Nabam Tuki to scrap dam plans", "text": "ITANAGAR: Several organizations from Siang Valley in Arunachal Pradesh have asked chief minister Nabam Tuki to scrap the 2700MW Lower Siang Hydro-Electric Project proposal, put a moratorium on it and launch a review of all hydel projects in the Siang basin. The organizations - including Adi Students' Union (AdiSU), Siang Peoples Forum (SPF), Forum for Siang Dialogue (FSD), Nyiko Bachao Forum (NBF), Dam Affected People of Sirit-Siyom Banggo (DAPSSB), Mebo Area Bachao Committee (MABC), Siang Bachao Federation (SBF) and Yamne-Duyon Banggo Students Union (YDBSU) - recently submitted their demands to the CM in a joint memorandum.The organizations also rejected Tuki's offer of forming a Technical Experts Committee to study the effects of the project. The chief minister, during a recent meeting with the organizations, assured that no public hearing would be conducted until the proposed study is completed.The civil society groups, sticking to their demand of no dams on the Siang, said that there would be no compromise on their stand. \"The river is our lifeline, and addressing these issues is essential to ensure long-term social and environmental security of Arunachal Pradesh,\" the organizations said in the memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13757013", "title": "When quitting is the best thing", "text": "KOLKATA: The tug of nicotine is so powerful that only the fear of death or death itself overpowers it. So, it's not until the guy in the white coat tells a smoker that he/she is practically committing suicide that the cancer pack is chucked in the dust bin.And anytime is the 'best time' to quit smoking, say doctors. Cardiologist Suvro Banerjee says there is no substitute for giving up smoking, \"In fact, the best time to quit is when one is under stress. Also, there is no threshold or 'safe limit' for smoking. Even one or two cigarettes a day can cause a heart attack.\"Why is it that some people can quit and stay 'clean' ever after, but others - a majority, in fact - relapse into the habit? It may all be down to will power.Executive Sudipto Roy says giving up cigarettes was easily the most difficult thing he had done. Fear was key to his quitting the cancer stick, admits businessman Jagannath Paul. For top executive Kallol Datta, it was sheer will power and the knowledge of what the smoke can do that helped kick the deadly habit. Schoolteacher Neeraj Singh and rickshaw-puller Shaukat Ali had no option. They were diagnosed with cancer and had to choose between tobacco and life.Physician Partha Sen, on the other hand, tried several times but failed to kick the habit.Slave to cancer stickRoy, who works with Exide Industries, lit his first cigarette in Class VIII. \"Seeing people smoke, I wanted to light up since I was in Class II or III. When I was in Class VIII, I thought I was old enough. Addiction happened in high school and by college I had turned into a hardcore smoker. Over the years, the number of sticks increased and I ended up smoking 35-40 cigarettes a day. But when realization dawned that I was practically a slave to it, it didn't feel so good,\" he said.It was during a treadmill test, after being diagnosed as a diabetic, that he was detected with heart arrhythmia. The fear of death pushed him into doing what he believed was impossible. \"My first thought was my family. I quit the habit after 28 years. It happened just like that. Over the next few days, I realised it is very easy to quit, but extremely difficult to stay quit. It's a daily battle for the rest of your life. I feel extremely good that every day I win the battle against nicotine,\" Roy beamed.Cement trader Jagannath Paul, who took to the habit in north Kolkata's famed Galiff Street para when in high school, had tried to give up smoking several times but failed. \"At the time, adda was the only attraction other than football. There were no computers, cellphones or any of the devices that one is addicted to now. In the beginning, I smoked because others did too. Addiction happened later,\" said Paul.He started noticing that he smoked even when idle. But once he entered the family business, smoking reduced drastically from two packets a day to just five-six sticks. After marriage, guilt set in. That, coupled with fear of ill-health, motivated him to quit. \"I knew smoking would lead to health complications but I could not quit. There would an irresistible urge to light up at the end of the day. I was in mental agony. When I turned 50, I decided to do away with excuses and quit, once and for all. Primarily it was strong will and fear that led to the decision,\" said Paul.Fear of the DevilKallol Datta had flirted with cigarettes for almost four decades before he quit five years ago. The chairman and managing director of Andrew Yule &amp; Co had attempted to quit many times by reducing the number of sticks or trying out chewing gums, but nothing worked till some close people died of lung cancer.\"Earlier, I would rationalize that people who do not smoke also die of lung cancer. One argues to suit one's needs. So once I decided to give up, I rationalized that people do sit for 15-17 hours on international flights and do not smoke. It was definitely possible to kick the habit. It has to be done whole heartedly and at one go. All it takes is will power,\" Datta said. He used to smoke 30 sticks a day and still feels the urge at times. But he resists it, fearing that even a single puff will suck him back into the abyss.Doctors say that chain smokers find it difficult to quit due to nicotine addiction. Once introduced to the system, it dilates the blood vessels and boosts blood circulation, which relaxes the muscles and makes one \"feel good\". With time, this turns an addiction. Nicotine withdrawal hits the system hard. It makes the smoker irritable and fatigued.Experts recommend nicotine patches or tablets. They don't have the carcinogenic coal tar, which cigarettes have, but they help keep nicotine levels in blood intact, keeping the withdrawal effects away. The dose has to be slowly reduced and supplemented with counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13749617", "title": "Meghalaya power woes continue", "text": "SHILLONG: Once a state with surplus electricity, Meghalaya has been reeling under an acute power shortage over the past few years and the government seemingly is at its wits end as it is looking for an alternative by developing thermal projects in coal-belt areas. Power cuts have become a regular feature as the Barapani (Umiam) Lake, the only source of hydel power in the state has dried and become just a big puddle.Against the installed capacity of 185MW in the state, the requirement of power has shot up to 610MW and is expected to touch 1000MW by the end of the Eleventh Plan, officials in the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MECL) point out. \"At present, the peak power availability in the State, including central sector power, is only about 240MW during the monsoons and 200MW during the rest of the year. The generation has been only around 50% of the capacity due to poor monsoons in the last two seasons,\" a power department official said.Since all power generation in Meghalaya is hydro-based, the power department has been trying to develop thermal projects and a plant at Nangalbibra in the Garo Hills with a capacity of 750MW is under consideration. Meanwhile, the state government is in the process of formulating its own power policy to identify hydel and thermal projects that are to be taken up in the state and central sectors besides joint ventures and public private partnerships (PPPs), officials said.With just 185.20MW tapped out of a total power potential of 3,000MW, the state government has decided to accord top priority to generation of additional power and augmentation of the transmission system. \"The strengthening of infrastructure is vital for economic growth and power is a key element in this regard,\" said a senior bureaucrat. The state has limited potential for thermal power, but that too has remained untapped, officials pointed out even as they express optimism over the fact that the ambitious Leshka Hydel Project in the Jaintia Hills was making \"very good progress\".A few years ago, the government had formulated a master plan to boost the sagging power sector in the state. Steps had been initiated to exploit the power potential in the state to achieve the desired hydro-thermal ratio of 40:60. Moreover, in order to augment the transmission capacity in the state, implementation of the Misa-Byrnihat and Agia-Nangalbibra inter-state transmission lines are also in the pipeline.As of now, the state is unable to meet the rising needs of the growing industrial sector with the demand having risen to 480MW against the MeSEB's installed capacity of 185MW. \"If our power potential is fully utilized, the state will not only be able to meet domestic demands but also earn substantial revenue through supply of power to neighbouring states,\" an official in the electricity board said. Experts said that hilly terrain and heavy rainfall make Meghalaya a ideal state for harnessing hydro electric power, but to no avail as yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13750365", "title": "Cops slam brakes on speedsters\u2019 Bandra race", "text": "MUMBAI: On Thursday, when most citizens stayed home due to the Bharat bandh, two businessmen tried to make the most of empty streets by racing their posh cars-a Lamborghini and a Ferrari-on Carter Road. The duo, Moinuddin Motiwala (32) and Rishabh Jain (25), was arrested by the Khar police for rash driving and released on bail on Friday.The incident took place in the afternoon when Motiwala and Jain revved up the engines of their sleek machines and started doing the rounds of the nearly 2-km stretch, completely disregarding the fact that the loud noise coming from their cars was inconveniencing those residing in the area. Alarmed at the manner in which the two were racing along the promenade, a resident called the police control room. Staffers posted at additional police commissioner Vishwas Nangre-Patil's office, which is located on the same stretch, also spotted the duo.\"A police patrolling van was sent to the spot. The police team gestured the motorists in both the cars to stop, but they tried to speed away. The team then chased the luxury vehicles and finally intercepted the duo. Motiwala and Jain were brought to the Khar police station where they were charged under Section 279 of the Motor Vehicles Act for rash driving,\" a senior official said. \"Fortunately, there was no accident in the melee.\"The Lamborghini and the Ferrari were towed to the Khar police station and kept there till Friday, before being released to their owners. \"Motorists tend to step on the accelerator on Carter Road. We usually depute a police mobile van or conduct nakabandis to deter speedsters,\" another officer said.In November 2006, a drunk Alistair Pereira knocked down 15 labourers with his Toyota Corolla, killing seven, on the same stretch. The police have since been keeping tabs on rash and drunk driving cases on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "shrawasti", "code": "13748864", "title": "Woman, 3 children burn to death in Shrawasti", "text": "SHRAWASTI: A pregnant woman was burnt alive in an incident of wildfire at Madargarh village under Sirsia police station. As many as 60 houses were also reduced to ashes. Three children were also stated to be missing in the incident.The fire brigade and the Sashastra Seema Bal personnel reached the spot and went on trying hard to extinguish the fire with the help of the villagers. Nine cattle were also charred to death. Properties worth Rs 80 lakh are estimated to have burnt to ashes.Reportedly one Safeekunnisha (30) wife of Mohd Rafeeq was burnt to death in the fire, and she is reported to be pregnant.The three kids were also reported to be missing. On the information the local police reached the spot and sent the dead body for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13756391", "title": "Revamp of revenue department on the cards", "text": "PANAJI: Revenue minister Francis D'Souza has chalked out a plan to revamp the revenue department by recruiting more mamlatdars and other staff within three to six months in Goa.Having conducted two review meetings recently with revenue officials from both districts, D'Souza noted the huge pendency of cases.Speaking to TOI on Saturday, D'Souza said that one joint level mamlatdar will be recruited for every assembly constituency for judicial work. Also, one mamlatdar will be appointed for every taluka for administrative work. Considering the support staff of LDCs, peons, etc, about 400 persons will be recruited to ease the pendency of revenue cases all over Goa, D'Souza said.The revenue minister said that in addition to recruitment of staff, he is also moving to acquire premises to be used as courtrooms for the mamlatdars. \"We are moving simultaneously. By the time the mamlatdars are appointed, the premises and other staff will also be ready,\" D'Souza said.Importantly, the North Goa collector has already prepared the file for the North district and the South Goa file should be ready within four to five days. A combined proposal for the recruitment of mamlatdars and other staff for the entire state will be put up for the approval of the cabinet shortly. D'Souza said his plans should be functional within six months.Having scrutinized the pendency of cases, D'Souza said that shortage of staff was the main reason. According to him, the main mamlatdars should only handle administrative work and the judicial work should be left to the joint mamlatdars. He said that presently the mamlatdars are saddled with so much work, like issuing income certificates, residence certificates and swearing of thousands of affidavits, that they do not have any time for judicial work. As a result, pendency of cases in the offices of mamlatdars and deputy collectors has shot up.In North Goa, the Bardez taluka is the worst affected. It has one main mamlatdar and four joint mamlatdars at Mapusa, but 7,229 cases in three categories of mutation cases, mundkar cases and tenancy cases are pending before these five officers. Also, the Mapusa deputy collector's office has another 5,232 cases pending. These are cases of appeal, conversion, illegal conversion, partition and tree cutting.In North Goa, cases of mutation, mundkar and tenancy, taluka-wise are as follows - Tiswadi (2,205), Pernem (2,283), Ponda (2,021), Bicholim (1,899) and Sattari (447).In South Goa, Salcete has the highest pendency of cases. In all, there 4,278 cases (mutation 3,218, mundkar 575, tenancy 485). Quepem is ranked second in pendency with 1,511 cases (mutation 1,344, mundkar 45, tenancy 122), while Mormugao follows with 1,264 cases (mutation 1,031, mundkar 180, tenancy 53). Dharbandora has 1,243 cases pending (mutation 191, mundkar 5, tenancy 1,047). The pendency in Canacona is 593 cases (mutation 455, mundkar 91, tenancy 47). Sanguem has a pendency of 530 cases (mutation 442, mundkar 16, tenancy 72).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13759835", "title": "Throw out corrupt BJP, exhorts Rahul Gandhi", "text": "HUBLI: It was an eight-minute speech, which left the audience a little bemused. Even before they could sync with him, AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi had started and ended his talk, asking the people to \"root out the corrupt BJP\" in Karnataka.In his brief address on Saturday to a large crowd at Nehru Grounds, in the heart of the city, Rahul termed the BJP government here as the \"most corrupt\" in the country. Rahul, who landed here for the concluding session of the three-day national executive meet of the Youth Congress, chose to target former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa and highlighted his alleged corrupt practices. \"Karnataka used to be known for a pro-people, pro-IT, pro-farmers' government. But in its four years, the BJP government has brought down the image of the state and made it known as the most corrupt in the country. The Congress should change the image of the state by rooting out this corrupt government,\" he said to applause from the audience.He was more critical of the government for its alleged failure to implement and utilize central schemes. \"Leaders have forgotten to implement central schemes,\" he said. P 3Stating that elections to the Youth Congress was the gateway to electoral politics, without support from godfathers, AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi said the system had brought many fresh and enthusiastic faces to the party.\"Be it Punjab, Gujarat or Tamil Nadu, elections to the Youth Congress has worked well for internal democracy,\" he said. Rahul addressing a large crowd at Nehru Grounds here on Saturday.Though it is said there was no invitation for Congress leaders of the parent body, bigwigs like G Parameshwara, Mallikarjun M Kharge, KH Muniyappa, M Veerappa Moily and BK Hariprasad were present. While Parameshwara indulged in rhetoric, state Youth Congress chief Rizwan Arshad stole the show with his focused speech.Glitches strike eventThe programme had some initial glitches: it was to start by 1pm, but was put off to 2.30pm, and finally happened at 4pm. The confusion did not deter the crowd, who had to bear with the scorching sun for long hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13752594", "title": "Chawl family wins 5 flats in Mhada lottery", "text": "MUMBAI: All the king's horses and all the king's men are unable to put the Mhada lottery together again.Once more this year, the annual housing board draw has thrown up a list of multiple winners, who have won up to five flats at one go.Unlike earlier, when the applications were in serial order, this time, the numbers for flats are so far apart that each bidder is likely to have waited a few days before buying the next form.Thursday's lottery was held for 2,593 flats with approximately 58 applicants vying for a single apartment. Beating the odds, the Momin family that lives in the BIT chawl at Jacob Circle hit the jackpot five times. The lady of the house, Hareem, her husband Saad, and her sister-in-law Dr Siddiqa won a house each in Charkop and Kurla. Hareem is waitlisted in Charkop and Malwani. The couple seem to be in their 20s but have won in the freedom fighter's slot.According to Mhada rules, a couple can keep only one flat between them, but parents, independent children or siblings who earn individual incomes are entitled to an apartment ea-ch. Hareem declined comment on the family's turn of fortune.Each year since 2009, TOI has reported how a single individual or family has won up to four flats each in the annual draw. Since then, the authorities have used several means to plug the loopholes by altering the software, appointing a new consultant, demanding PAN numbers from the lowest category applicant, and this year, summarily rejected 11,000 applications that bore fake addresses or bank account numbers, but to no avail.Abhijeet Thakur and Kishore Dhekane have each won two flats in Charkop. The father-son pair of Gangaram and Ravi Bakan is wait-listed to three houses in Charkop and Prateeksha Nagar. Kazmeen Sayed has won a flat in Pratiksha Nagar and is wait-listed for one in Charkop, while ex-serviceman Pratap Save has won flats in Malwani and Charkop. \"Applicants can apply in different categories and codes so the chance of winning multiple flats remains,\" said joint secretary, housing, D K Jagdale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13749823", "title": "Arms haul in Imphal", "text": "IMPHAL: A team of Manipur police and Assam Rifles personnel on Friday recovered a cache of arms and ammunition from Nongmaiching hill ranage in Imphal East. The operation, launched after the security forces got information that members of rebel outfits have stashed weapons at the spot, was led by a senior police officer and carried out at various places including Uran Chiru, Awa Ching and Sandangsemba Maring Khul along the hill range, police said. The team found one G3 rifle, two hand grenades, three lahod shells, and a large quantity of ammunition at Nongmaiching hills, sources added.Meanwhile, suspected rebels lobbed a hand grenade at the residence of a retired public health engineering department engineer at Keishampat in the heart of Imphal on Saturday afternoon. The grenade, however, did not explode. Bomb experts from Manipur police department rushed to the spot and retrieved the grenade safely. Police said a probe has been initiated to ascertain the veracity of attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13752226", "title": "Massive anti-encroachment drive in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: Following criticism by Rajasthan High Court over rampant encroachment on the main roads of the city which has affected the traffic movement, the Jodhpur Municipal Corporation (JMC) has launched an intensive anti-encroachment drive with focus on 15 main roads. The JMC has to submit a report in the court on the next date of hearing on June 10. The court has also directed that the amicus curie appointed by the court will constantly monitor the efforts of the JMC and will report to the court.CEO, JMC, Ram Jeewan Meena told said that they had constituted three teams headed by an inspector. \"The commissioners of different zones will be monitoring this drive and will submit progress report to me on a daily basis,\" he said.A division bench comprising Justice Dinesh Maheshwari and Justice N K Jain II, while hearing a petition of one Dheemaram on May 29, 30 and 31, had summoned the JMC CEO and the ADCP (traffic) in the court and had criticized them for failing to remove encroachments and smoothen the traffic in the city. The court had appointed advocate Vipul Singhvi, as amicus curie in the issue, and following his report, had identified 15 main roads of the city, where the encroachment was rampant.Additional advocate general G R Punia had tried to explain the situation but the court said it did not believe in giving notices or forming committees but in direct action. \"We believe in results and if you cannot, give us in writing that you cannot do work. We will deal the issue then accordingly,\" the bench had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750631", "title": "Osmansagar conduit to be covered to check pollution", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move that could assure several Old City residents of potable drinking water, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has drawn up a proposal to close the conduit that supplies water from Osmansagar reservoir to the Asifnagar filter beds so that pollution en route is minimized.The proposal, at a cost of Rs 100 crore, has been sent to the municipal administration and urban development department (MA&UD;) for administrative sanction.Once cleared, the covering of the 14-km conduit between Osmansagar and Asifnagar filter beds will ensure clean and potable drinking water to Ahmed Nagar, Alabanda, Chintal Basthi, Humayun Nagar, part of Salar Jung colony, Vijayanagar colony, Tolichwoki and Mehdipatnam.\"The existing conduit is an open conduit and constructed with cuddy stones during the Nizam period. At present, we pump the raw water from Osmasnagar reservoir and supply a total of 22 MGD of water to Asifnagar filter beds through this conduit where it is treated,\" HMWS&SB; director-projects, M Satyanarayana told STOI.The fact that complaints about pollution and contamination are less at Himayatsagar as compared to Osmansagar may be because the conduit that supplies water from the former is closed. This gave the authorities the idea that the open conduit may be the culprit for contamination and pollution. \"Because the conduit is open, sewerage water is directly entering the conduit from nearby residential colonies and the water is also getting contaminated due to the dust flared up by heavy winds,\" he said. Once, the MA&UD; gives the green signal, the process of inviting tenders and taking up work will be initiated, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13753014", "title": "Officials want politicians to pay for damaged BEST buses", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after BJP leaders in the BEST committee said the compensation for damages caused to 123 buses during Thursday's Bharat bandh be claimed from the insurance fund maintained by the department, BEST officials and activist opposed the idea.Pointing out that the bandh was called by the BJP and supported by the Shiv Sena in Mumbai, they said the department's insurance fund should not be \"misused\" by committee members, mainly those belonging to the saffron combine.Said an official, \"None of our buses (4,680 in the fleet) isinsured by an external agency, but we do have an insurance fund maintained by the BEST's budget department. This fund is used for compensation during accidents, third party insurance, etc. The money is disbursed diligently.\"Another official from the transport department said damages to 123 buses due to breaking of windshields and stone-pelting should be claimed from political parties involved in the bandh. \"In the past, we have billed the claims to parties/unions involved in damaging our buses. Some of these people are caught red-handed pelting stones and there are FIRs registered against them. There is adequate proof to establish that a particular group or party was involved in the damage. They should pay for the losses.\"BJP member Dilip Patel, however, said the compensation should come from the insurance fund.Another Sena committee member echoed Patel's views but refused to be named. Congress committee member Ravi Raja, however, demanded that the BJP-Sena combine should bear the entire cost of repairing the buses.Activist G R Vora said politicians should not abuse their power by claiming money for damages from the BEST's insurance kitty. \"If our politicians feel that price rise should be protested against, then why damage public property? Is this the way to speak on behalf of the citizens of India? Why burden them more by damaging buses which run on public money? The BJP-Sena-RPI combine should have gone and sat on hunger strike outside the BMC, Mantralaya or Parliament,\" he said.Commenting on repairs, a BEST official said, \"We have our own repair workshop where all the broken glass panes will be replaced and the dents repaired. We will be preparing an estimate of the losses (at least Rs 5 lakh) in the next few days and a report will be submitted to the collector and the municipal commissioner. A copy of the assessment report will also be tabled before the committee during the next meeting (scheduled in the second week of June).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "situated snugly on a road that hosts a variety of restaurants, have more is a desi delight for all paratha lovers. nothing fancy about the ambience, but don't judge it by its cover. just take a peek at the menu card", "code": "13756957", "title": "For a taste of the north", "text": "Situated snugly on a road that hosts a variety of restaurants, Have More is a desi delight for all paratha lovers. Nothing fancy about the ambience, but don't judge it by its cover. Just take a peek at the menu card: capsicum paneer paratha, dal paratha, chicken paratha, keema paratha... the list is endless.\"The restaurant was started nine years ago. People come here to simply enjoy the food. The typical North Indian taste attracts the crowd,\" said A Kumar, restaurant manager.More than 14 different types of rotis and a series of non-vegetarian gravies to choose from, this restaurant keeps people craving for more. The most sought after vegetarian dishes are paneer tikka, butter naan, aloo onion naan and dal makhani. And for non-vegetarians, kalmi kabab, Afghani chicken and tawa chicken are the must-haves here.A typical meal for three costs an economical Rs 400 and is quite filling. All the rotis are served with a bowl of white butter cut into small cubes. The parathas themselves ooze butter and are a treat for the taste buds. But when it comes to the veg gravy, paneer butter masala, one of their signature dishes, isn't quite up to the mark.Lassi is another attraction here, tall and cool and reminiscent of a Delhi bylane. The newly introduced mango lassi is a big sellout. \"The rush is on weekends, when bachelors and students staying in hostels come here,\" said Kumar.The place is small and cannot cater to more than 30 people at a time. Kumar says Have More has another branch in Jayanagar, which is also doing well. \"We North Indians like South Indian food, and South Indians want to try out North Indian food, so we do our best to bring out the typical flavours and keep customers satisfied,\" he said.What foodies can look forward to at Have More is the spread of starters, main course and the sweet signoff. The tinge of desi ghee will linger in your mouth as a reminder of the good meal. Bon appetit!Have More65, 1st floor, 80 Feet Road, Near MS Ramaiah HospitalPhone: 23416869Meal for three: Rs 400", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13755887", "title": "IITians get degrees amid pomp &amp; show", "text": "KANPUR: The protest put up by the faculty members of Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur against the proposed changes in the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE)-2013 has brought the IIT-K administration on back-foot. The teachers had announced on Friday to boycott the 44th convocation of the institute but the ceremony was held with pomp and show. The authorities had accepted the demand of the teachers of calling the meeting of the senate which would be held in the next 15 days. This decision softened the stance of the faculty members but some teachers did not attend the ceremony.This year, three students were given the President's gold medal. Shubhayu Chatterjee of physics department, Ankit Kumar and Ashish Gupta of the computer science and engineering department received the gold medal.Tej Pratap of electrical engineering department and Abhinav Prateek of mechanical engineering department received the Director's gold medal and Ratan Swarup memorial prize respectively. The recipients of the general proficiency medals were Parnika Agrawal, Bhuvnesh Goyal and others. Parnika and Bhuvnesh were also recipients of Batra gold medal and Tata Consultancy Services awards.Avani Nandini of computer science and engineering department received Bhagwani Devi Maheshwari gold medal.Souryadeep Bhattacharya of chemical engineering department received Shanker Dayal Sharma medal. Chetan Ravindra Ingale of mechanical engineering and Abhishek Chakravborty of statistics departments received Cadence gold medal and Sangeeta Pradhan memorial medal respectively.Gopal Das Bhandari distinguished teacher award was given to Swagato Kumar Ray of department of mathematics and statistics.The awards and medals were given away by E Shreedharan, principal adviser, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), who was also the chief guest. M Anandkrishnan, chairman, board of governors, IIT-Kanpur was also present.This year, 101 students were awarded doctorate of philosophy. A total of 340 students graduated and received BTech degrees, 320 students got MTech degrees, 123 received BTech/MTech dual degree, 26 received MBA and 34 students were awarded the visionary leaders for manufacturing.IIT-K director SG Dhande gave away degrees to the students.Earlier, in the academic procession comprising IIT-Kanpur, director, yhe chief guest and HoD of various departments of IIT-Kanpur walked into the auditorium and the 44th convocation ceremony IIT-Kanpur was declared open by chairman, board of governors, IIT-Kanpur, M Anandkrishnan.Jubilation was in the air and the students with smiling faces and shiny eyes received degrees from M Anandkrishnan and Dhande. The students were happy of having successfully completed the engineering/PhD course at the institute but they were nostalgic for the fact that the time had come to leave the campus where they had spent some wonderful an glorious years of their lives. The expression of happiness was also visible on the faces of the parents accompanying some of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758590", "title": "Fuel price rollback brings some relief to citizens", "text": "PUNE: The Rs 2 per litre rollback in petrol price on Saturday brought some cheer to citizens. Many said the government must initiate more steps to control the price so that common people would not face the heat.Citizens were displeased when the Union government on May 23 announced a rise of Rs 7.50 in the price of petrol. The hike, which was the steepest in recent years, had increased monthly spending on fuel. Besides citizens, local units of all major political parties had conducted protests in the city on Thursday to condemn the increase in fuel price.Prashant Joshi, a marketing executive, said the rollback was essential and it was good that the government had considered the sentiments of the people. \"The government should rollback the price by at least Rs 5. In recent years, the price of petrol has increased to such an extent that common people have to reallocate funds as they cannot afford to spend so much money on fuel. The petrol price has almost doubled in the last five years,\" Joshi said.Prajot Singh from Gokhalenagar said, \"Pune's residents have no choice but to use private vehicles as the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahanagar Limited bus service is pathetic. This organization must upgrade the PMPML service so that people will not use their own vehicles for commuting within the city. Besides this, the state government should initiate steps to bring down the value added tax (VAT) and other taxes on petrol which will help to bring down fuel prices by at least 20% to 30%.\"Businessman Sanjay Pradhan said, \"It looks as if the petrol price will keep changing every other week. The government should explain why the losses made by oil companies are being passed on to common people by increasing the price. Instead, the government should bear these losses.\"Autorickshaw unions said that the rollback in petrol price would benefit common people already facing problems in meeting daily expenses because of inflation and rise in petrol price. Unions said that the demand for a fare hike would remain even if the government announced a rise in price in future.Pradeep Bhalerao of Savkaash Autorickshaw Federation said, \"There is no guarantee that the rollback will continue for long. We have demanded a fare hike considering the increase in daily spending of an autorickshaw driver. It is up to the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) to take a decision regarding our demand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13754300", "title": "Waterlogging threat looms over Indore", "text": "INDORE: With Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) failing to de-silt the city nullahs while the monsoon is only a couple of weeks away, the threat of waterlogging yet again looms large. As per the meteorological department officials, Indore receives rain by June 13 and timely and sufficient rain has been predicted this year. The IMC has been carrying out de-silting work for the last two months, but the work is yet to be completed.In-charge of de-silting works, Brijmohan Bhagoria however claimed that a lot of work has been done and the remaining would be completed before the arrival of the monsoon. About 4000 trunks of silt have been taken out from different nullahs and drains in the city and at some places encroachments too have been removed, he added. But, sources in the IMC say that the claims were not feasible. Jawaharmarg, Chandrabhaga, Samwad Nagar, Zoo, Palasia, Rasoma and nearby areas still remain to be de-silted. The city has around 35 small and 10 big nullahs.Last year, a major portion of the city had faced water-logging during monsoon and most of the drainage lines were found choked. A resident of Palasia, Sonal Shrivastav said that last year they were forced to wade through ankle-deep water on roads. With de-silting works yet far from completion, I am scared that we will have to face similar situation again, she added.When contacted, mayor Krishanmurari Moghe said that disilting works are in progress and they will be completed soon. Storm water line construction, which is underway across the city, will also help in addressing the woes of the residents, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13754458", "title": "Metro man E Sreedharan set to solve garbage crisis in Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The capital city, which is reeling under the garbage crisis, might find a saviour in metro man E Sreedharan. A road map for waste management is being prepared by the Foundation for Restoration of National Values (FRNV) under the guidance of E Sreedharan who is the principal adviser, Delhi Metro Rail corporation (DMRC) and national president of FRNV.FRNV has embarked on this ambitious project considering the disastrous manner in which waste handling is carried out, not just in the city but all over the state. FRNV has divided the entire project into six stages.\"At present we are gathering details about waste management technologies and models of from different parts of the world. The main issue is that the nature of requirement varies from one region to another and the project will be designed accordingly,\" explained M Ayyappan, the head of FRNV's Kerala ChapterThe project plan will be finalized only after analyzing all the available models. Once the final outlay is prepared, FRNV will join hands with the state government to work out the scheme.\"During every stage we are being guided by E Sreedharan, who is also a member of the state planning board. The growing menace of garbage dumps in the city has also prompted FRNV to organize a state level meeting of leading experts in this field to find a permanent remedy for the problem. The plan is to create a clear, time-bound road map for dealing with the issue in the most scientific and effective manner. The intervention of the government will be ensured during the completion of each mile stone,\" added Ayyappan.A core group has already been formed for the project which will function under the overall guidance of E Sreedharan. The foundation team will actively follow up on the garbage issue and offer all assistance to the government to put in place an effective waste management system in all districts of the state.Ayyappan said that the team had already completed the initial stages of work. \"We are well aware of the gravity of the issue and the project needs to take off immediately. As of now we can npt commit on a deadline, but we are putting in our best efforts to submit the road map to chief minister Oommen Chandy as soon as possible,\" said Ayyappan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752319", "title": "Cong flays BJP \u2018volte face\u2019 in Bhanwari case", "text": "JAIPUR: The Congress on Saturday accused the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of doing a volte face in the Bhanwari Devi kidnap and murder case by defending the jailed legislator Mahipal Maderna .A day earlier, BJP legislators Rajendra Rathore and Digambar Singh had alleged political conspiracy behind the arrest of Congress legislator Maderna by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). Besides terming Maderna a victim of conspiracy, the BJP leaders alleged that some influential people involved in the crime were being shielded by chief minister Ashok Gehlot .In reaction to the allegations, Congress state president Chandrabhan pointed out that initially it was the BJP that had demanded CBI probe against Maderna. \"They (BJP leaders) were the ones who made allegations against the Congress legislators (Maderna and Malkhan Singh) and demanded CBI investigation. Now, the same people are accusing the CBI and giving a clean chit to Maderna. This shows the BJP's dual character,\" the Congress president told reporters on Saturday.Chandrabhan questioned the BJP leaders' standing in absolving the accused Congress legislator of the criminal charges. \"The matter is being heard by the court. How can the BJP leaders give Maderna a clean chit?\" the Congress president said.At the same time, Chandrabhan asserted there was no politics behind Rathore visiting senior leader Jat leader and Maderna's father Parasram on Friday. \"Leaders of different political parties routinely make personal visits to each other. No political deductions should be made from such visits.\" The party president added, \"Anyone may visit him but Parasramji's blessings have always been with the Congress and shall remain with the Congress.\"After meeting former speaker Parasram on Friday, BJP legislators Singh and Rathore had accused chief minister Gehlot of attempting to pitch the Jat and the Rajput communities. Rathore had alleged that he was wrongly arrested by the CBI in Dara Singh fake encounter case because the chief minister wanted to attempt 'social engineering' in the light of Maderna's arrest.BJP national general secretary Kirit Somaiya , too, had accused Gehlot and Chandrabhan of maliciously and deliberately implicating Rathore in the fake encounter case. Rathore was absolved of the criminal charge by a trial court on Thursday. Chandrabhan rubbished Somaiya's allegations on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13759776", "title": "Another case filed against Elamaram Kareem", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Vadakara police have registered another case against CPM state secretariat member Elamaram Kareem for threatening an officer in the special investigation team probing the T P Chandrasekharan murder case.A case has been registered against Kareem under Section 117 (e) of the Kerala Police Act (threatening a police officer with the intention of preventing him from discharging his duties). Kareem, who is an MLA from Beypore, had named crime branch ASI K Raveendran in his speech during the Yuva Shakthi rally organized at Vadakara recently.He alleged that it was the ASI who took the photograph of hammer and sickle tattooed on the hand of Sijith, one of the accused, on his mobile phone and sent it to others. Posters had appeared against the ASI in his native place in Memunda near Vadakara.A few days ago police had slapped a case against Kareem on charges of threatening DySP K V Santhosh, the investigating officer in the case. Kareem alleged that Santhosh had been torturing the accused who were in police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13752719", "title": "3 Indians bag Hermes prize for innovation", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's decade of innovation has won the Hermes Award for the \"best humanistic policy of innovation\". In a sign that the innovative spirit is alive and well in India, out of a total of seven winners, three are from India.The \" Hermes Awards for Innovation\" recognize companies or organizations that have excelled in integrating the best state of knowledge into products and services which offer greater satisfaction to individuals and society, and is organized by the European Institute for Creative Strategies and Innovation.The UPA had announced 2010-20 as the decade of innovation and appointed Sam Pitroda as advisor to the Prime Minister on Public Information Infrastructure and Innovations. The National Innovation Council with experts was also set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750650", "title": "More rain likely today, temperature to drop", "text": "NEW DELHI: After braving the scorching sun for weeks, Delhiites got some respite from the heat on Saturday as some parts of the capital witnessed dust storms and light rain. Saturday's maximum temperature stood at 44.2 degrees Celsius - four notches above average - and the minimum was recorded at 33.2 degrees Celsius, around six degrees above average. The humidity levels hovered between 30 and 41 per cent.There is a possibility of light rain and thunderstorms on Sunday, the weatherman has said. \"The weather is expected to be pleasant with a partly clouded sky,\" said a Met official. He said that the maximum and minimum temperatures are expected to be around 42 and 32 degrees Celsius respectively.\"We were glad that it rained. However, it did not last for long. Hope there is more rain on Sunday,\" said Ankit Ghosh, a resident of Munirka. Visitors thronged to popular hangout zones like India Gate and Dilli Haat to enjoy the pleasant evening. \"For over a week, we haven't been able to step out of the house because of the sweltering heat. Saturday was a good opportunity. We went for dinner,\" said Souvik Sanyal, who lives in Vasant Vihar.\"The severe heat wave prevailing over the plains of northwest India is likely to abate from Sunday onwards. The day temperature is likely to drop by two to four degrees Celsius,\" said a senior Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750369", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi International Airport expands shopping arena", "text": "HYDERABAD: The GMR Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) is fast becoming a high-street shopping arcade. Expanding its already sprawling retail zone by another 150%, the airport has now made way for close to a dozen top-notch retail brands, both from the city and outside. An additional 5,000 square feet (sft) has been earmarked to house multi-cuisine restaurants apart from fast food joints. From books and stationery chains to apparel and jewellery outlets, the airport has roped in a range of stores to enhance its commercial space.GMR officials believe that the retail focus will improve the profitability of Shamshabad airport. In fact, over the next few months as many as 22 retail outlets and gaming and entertainment zones will be accommodated in the domestic terminal. \"While the first and major phase of the (retail) project has been rolled out in May this year, the second phase will be completed by September. The last phasewill be over by the year end,\" an official spokesperson of RGIA said.In the last few months, roughly six new brands have made a smooth landing at the Hyderabad airport. These include city-based Karachi Bakery, WH Smith Bookshop, boutique jewellery group Krishna Pearls and Jewellers, eatery chain Taste of India, handicrafts store 'Anuva' and Hyderabadi Bangles. Also in the transit are luxury brands such as Mont Blanc and Swarovski and food chains KFC and Barista.Apart from the new entrants, existing retailers are expanding business in the airport. Shoppers Stop for instance, has expanded its retail space from 3,200 sft to 6,200 sft now. Similarly, Crossword has gone from occupying just about 700 sft to 1,500 sft.Explaining the economics of this retail overdrive, a source in the know of things said, \"The passenger traffic at the airport has not improved as per expectations. While it was believed that the footfall would cross the 7 million mark in the first two years of operation and hit a double-digit growth soon after, it has barely touched 8 million in four years. The increased emphasis on retail is to bridge this revenue gap.\"Also, keeping in line with the model followed by most international airports, RGIA is striving towards a 60:40 design (60% revenue from non-aero operations and 40% from aero operations), the source added. Currently, the ratio at the city airport is 40:60.That perhaps explains the steep rentals within the airport premises. Rough estimates suggest that commercial space here is nearly four to five times higher than that prevailing within the city. While a leased area within Hyderabad works out to about Rs 100 (that too areas such as Jubilee or Banjara Hills) per sft, retailers setting shop within the airport terminal pay nothing less than Rs 400-500 per sft, sources say. To top it, they add, that the initial deposit also is as much as Rs 10-15 lakh, at least twice the rate prevalent in the city. \"Further, as RGIA follows a revenue sharing model, about 12-16% of the sales go to the airport's coffers,\" said a leading retailer from the city.RGIA officials, however, maintain that the new retail project is not aimed at improving revenues alone but also for enhancing passenger facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13755140", "title": "Preacher from Chennai smashed to death", "text": "MADURAI: A Chennai-based Christian preacher was found murdered in a suspicious manner in Othakadai police limits on Saturday morning. According to police sources, C Wilson (55) from Perumbakkam in Chennai owns a fish shop in the area and was involved in real estate and matrimonial service businesses as well. He was also into preaching mission in churches across the state and used to travel in his two-wheeler for such expeditions. Recently, Wilson had gone to Kanyakumari to preach in a few churches. Police said that after finishing his preaching duties, he was returning home to Chennai, when the murder incident took place in Madurai.Police said that it was Wilson's usual practice to keep his wife, Jothi informed about his trip plans and he had called her on Friday evening to inform her that he had started from Tuticorin and will be travelling to Chennai through Madurai. However, he was found murdered with his head smashed and face severely battered with a stone near the four way lane at Rajakambheeram near Othakadai. Upon learning about the murder, Othakadai police rushed to the spot and investigated the crime scene. Fingerprint experts and a sniffer dog were also pressed into action.Though the police are yet to ascertain the motive behind the murder, the police suspect it to be the handiwork work of one of the gangs involved in targeting those travelling alone on highways and robbing them. His body was found some distance away from the road indicating that he ran for his life but was overpowered. The box of his two-wheeler had been found broken and the clothes and few grocery items he bought on the way were found shattered nearby. The miscreants had apparently threw the two-wheeler for some distance before leaving the place. Police found a diary among the belongings and tracing his phone number alerted his family members in Chennai.Though it appears to be a burglary attempt resulting in murder, police also suspect other possible motives as he had been murdered in a very brutal manner, which is not usual for the robbers. \"Normally highwaymen threaten their victims with knives and take away the valuables and they don't kill the victims in a brutal manner with stone. It appears they repeatedly struck Wilson and brutally deformed one side of his face. We have asked the family members if he had any previous enmity and further details can be known once the family arrives to Madurai,\" a police official said.Othakadai police have registered a case in this regard and investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13780834", "title": "Shyam Shankar steals the show", "text": "COIMBATORE: Shyam Shankar of Moto-Rev India had a point to prove to his rivals here at Kari Motor Speedway on Sunday.The 28-year-old Chennai lad is all set to race venture abroad, to take part in the Yamaha Asean Cup in Japan. But on Sunday, during the first round of the FMSCI-SIDVIN National Motorcycle Racing Championship, he had something else to fight for.He had to prove that he is one of the best in the Indian bikes category of the national series and also that he had earned his right to race abroad. Shyam did it the only way possible, by blazing through to a dominating victory in the second race of Group C (restricted modification) 165cc Open category to complete a double in the segment. He also had two victories in the Yamaha R15 open one-make championship races which took his tally to four victories from the weekend.Shyam had won Race 1 of the Group C segment on Saturday but on Sunday morning he had a disastrous outing in the fully modified Group B 165cc race. His engine failed to start during the formation lap and he was forced to start from the back of the grid and a jump-start didn't help his cause either. He finished the race in fifth position while TVS Racing's K Jagan took the honours.Shyam, however, overcome that disappointment in the afternoon when he left everyone in his wake soon after the start of the Group C race, which was introduced into the national series this year.He crossed the chequered flag seven seconds ahead of Sumit Lucas Toppo of performance Racing, who fought tooth and nail with N Abhishek of Moto-Rev for a well-earned second rung on the podium.Meanwhile, multiple national champion K Rajini of Moto-Rev continued to dominate the 600cc Superbikes section, completing a double in the premier segment with almost no effort at all.Amongst the teams, Moto-Rev India proved they are a cut above the rest, their riders winning four out of the six national championship races on Sunday.Results (all Race 2)National championship165cc Group D novice: 1. R Ramesh Kumar (Moto-Rev), 2. Sandesh P (Performance Racing), 3. Arun Muthukrishnan 165cc Group B open: 1. K Jagan (TVS Racing), 2. R Deepak, 3. Harry Sylvester (TVS Racing) 130cc Group D novice: 1. Kamlesh Thakkur (Sparks Racing), 2. Shamilsen (Moto-Rev India), 3. Abdul Wahab (TVS Racing) 165cc Group C open: 1. Shyam Shankar (Moto-Rev), 2. Sumit Lucas Toppo (Performance Racing), 3. N Abhishek (Moto-Rev) 165cc Group D novice: 1. R Ramesh Kumar (Moto-Rev), 2. Sandesh P (Performance Racing), 3. Kamlesh Thakkur (Sparks Racing) Superbikes 600cc: 1. K Rajini (Moto-Rev India), 2. Deepak Ravikumar, 3. Gautam M (Moto-Rev)One-make championshipHonda Stunner open: 1. Thamarai Kannan, 2. R Ramesh Kumar, 3. Santosh GR TVS Appache RTR 180cc novice: 1. Rahul G Rathod, 2. S Prem Hari, 3. Jonathan Clifford Yamaha R15 open (Race 1): 1. Shyam Shankar, 2. SK Prakash, 3. S Padmanabhan Honda CBR 150R open: 1. Aravind Ganesh, 2. Sumit Lucas Toppo, 3. N Abhishek Yamaha R15 novice: 1. R Ramesh Kumar, 2. Sandesh P, 3. Meka Vidhuraj Honda CBR 250R open: 1. Gautam M, 2. A Prabhu, 3. Sudhakar Kesavan Yamaha R15 open (Race 2): 1. Shyam Shankar, 2. Dinesh Kumar, 3. M Sudhakar TVS Appache RTR180 open: 1. SK Prakash, 2. P Ananth Raj, 3. S Padmanabhan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13755326", "title": "Hoax call about attack on jawans", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police control room received a message about a scuffle between two groups near the Drive-In Cinema, early on Saturday morning. The caller said one of the groups comprised jawans. However, when a team was sent to the spot, no evidence was found to suggest such an altercation. As the caller had claimed to be a senior army official, police have decided to probe the matter.The police control room received a call at 2.40 am on Saturday about a group of jawans from Shahibaug cantonment area being assaulted by some people. The caller said that one of the jawans had been stabbed. Considering the message important, the control room asked P C Joshi, 'A' division assistant commissioner of police on the night round, to deal with the situation.\"When Joshi reached the spot, he found nobody there,\" said a Vastrapur police official. \"His team also questioned the cinema's watchman about any altercation or injured persons but the watchman reported no such incident. When the message was relayed to the control room, it provided Joshi with the caller's number. The caller claimed to be a senior army officer deployed in Ahmedabad and calling from Delhi.\" \"The caller has asked for two days to return to Ahmedabad,\" said the official. \"We want to ascertain whether it was a genuine call. If the caller is found to have been bluffing, we may file a case for providing false information to police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13755721", "title": "Sampangi conviction a sucker punch for BJP", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP's cup of woes and embarrassments just got topped up, with its party MLA Y Sampangi being convicted by a Lokayukta court for accepting a bribe.This blow could not have come at a worse time for the party, which is yet to recover from the shock of the recent conviction of former BJP president Bangaru Laxman , who was awarded four years' rigorous imprisonment for accepting a bribe from a fake arms dealer in a 10-year-old graft case. Party patriarch LK Advani also fired a salvo questioning the credibility of some of his own party leaders.In all likelihood, Sampangi will now be remembered for setting a precedent on many aspects: the first politician in the country to be trapped by Lokayukta police, first politician to be sent to judicial custody by the special Lokayukta court in 2011, and first ever convicted legislator under the Prevention of Corruption Act.Though his supporters tried every trick in the book to save Sampangi from disgrace, nothing finally seemed to have worked.HOUSE PANEL CLEARED MLAUnder pressure from party colleagues in 2011, former speaker Jagadish Shettar had set up a special House committee to probe allegations of bribery against Sampangi. The seven-member committee headed by then deputy speaker KG Bopaiah (now Speaker) eventually gave Sampangi a clean chit, citing lack of evidence and non-cooperation from the complainant, Hussain Moyeen Farooq.In the report tabled in the legislative assembly in 2012, the committee had recommended that the government severely rap and pass strictures against Farooq for bringing a false case and \"defaming\" the MLA, and also failing to appear before it despite being served three notices to substantiate his charges.Farooq, however, continued the battle in court. He had written to then CJI KG Balakrishnan, complaining that he was facing a threat to his life.WHO IS SAMPANGI?Y Sampangi, who hails from Bangalore Rural district, contested the 2008 assembly elections on a BJP ticket and riding the party's wave, was elected from KGF constituency in Kolar district.Prior to contesting the assembly elections, Sampangi was active in various dalit organizations. A supporter of former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, he shifted loyalties to minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi's camp recently.HALL OF SHAMEOver the past four years, MLAs and ministers have left the BJP's first government down South red-faced, with 14 ministers resigning on charges ranging from rape to corruption.Prominent among them are former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, who spent 24 days in jail.Mining baron and former minister G Janardhana Reddy is still cooling his heels behind bars. Former ministers G Karunakar Reddy and B Sriramulu also quit on similar charges.The first to go was housing minister Es En Krissnaiah Setty in 2010, after he was accused of pledging forged documents to get a bank loan of Rs 7.17 crore.Food and civil supplies minister H Halappa resigned on charges of rape in 2011.Medical education minister Ramachandra Gowda had to quit following his alleged involvement in a recruitment scam in government medical colleges.Recently, three ministers -- Laxman Savadi, CC Patil and Krishna J Palemar -- resigned over allegations of watching porn clips in the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13760333", "title": "Mysore division continues to transport two-wheelers in trains", "text": "MYSORE: The officials at the parcel wing of South Western Railway (SWR, Mysore division) are continuing to book two-wheelers for transportation, in spite of a \"ban\" by SWR.The officials at the parcel wing say that they are yet to receive an official notification in this regard.Following the recent Hampi Express accident, which claimed 25 lives, SWR decided to stop transporting two-wheelers in trains. The officers probing how one of the coaches caught fire had conferred that leakage of petrol from one of the motorbikes being transported had caused the fire.\"We have not yet received any instruction in this regard. So daily we are booking nearly 20-25 two-wheelers in Mysore division. Once we receive the circular or instruction against transporting the vehicles, we will stop bookings,\" said Anup Dayanand Sadhu, senior divisional commercial manager (Mysore division). \"Our staff here are strict and follow the stipulated rules. After the Hampi Express tragedy, our staff have become more careful. Before booking the vehicles, our officers ensure that fuel tanks are completely dry,\" said Anup, adding that he himself monitors the process.According to Harish, who works for Infosys, the railway authorities should have taken the officers at the parcel division to task for their lapses, instead of banning transportation of two-wheelers in trains.Another customer Saritha said: \"Fuel tanks of vehicles have to be emptied before being accepted to transport through trains. It seems this process has been violated by the booking staff. Instead of punishing them, the railways is inconveniencing the customers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "13753324", "title": "Lifted 8 years back, groom unable to accept wife", "text": "NAWADA: It is the case of 'pakarua vivah' (groom forcibly lifted by the girl's family members for wedding purpose) going sour.The fate of Simpu Kumari of Apsarh village under Warisaliganj PS in the same district, who was married to Bablu Kumar of Sherpar village under Birbigha PS in adjoining Sheikhpura district in 2005, continues to be dotted with miseries. Simpu's marriage to Bablu set in motion the wheels of tragedy from day one. First, her husband and in-laws continue to refuse to acknowledge the marriage and despite nearly eight years of marriage (she was married on July 5, 2005), she is forced to live with her brother's family while Bablu lives with his parents. Simpu's father, Kishori Singh, died prior to her marriage, but her mother, Asha Devi, unable to bear the sight of her abandoned daughter, died in November, 2011. Her younger brother, Pappu, has become mentally deranged while her younger sister, Sintu Kumari, has had several paralytic strokes rendering her a cripple below the waist.Her elder brother, Manoj, is presently on bail after being awarded one year's simple imprisonment by the court of SDJM, Shiekhpura, Hari Prasad, as he was named accused by Bablu's father, Ram Pravesh Singh, for kidnapping Bablu along with his brother, mother and aunt (phua).Manoj said his family is very poor and has merely 11 kathas of agricultural land. As such, he had no option other than 'kidnapping' his would-be \"jija\" (brother-in-law) who has over 25 bighas of land and a market complex at Birbigha Bazaar. Manoj, interestingly, added that another reason for the 'pakarua' wedding was that it brought prosperity to such grooms after marriage!He gave the example of his cousin sister who was married to a 'pakarua' youth in Chaurhi village in Jamui district some 10 years ago. The groom, after just three years of 'pakarua' marriage, got the job of a guard in the Indian Railway. Similarly, his father's cousin sister (phua), too, got married in the 'pakarua' way and now his \"fufa\" (her husband) has a four-wheeler and is doing good work as an LIC agent. Even in case of his own sister, Simpu, her husband Bablu, although he had deserted Simpu, had recently made it to the list of teachers to be appointed by the state government.Manoj revealed that he left no stones unturned to see that his sister was happy. Following the kidnapping case lodged by Bablu's father against him and his family with Birbigha PS, he, too, lodged a complaint case before Nawada CJM in which he charged Bablu and his parents with demanding dowry and subjecting his sister to torture. Although the Nawada SDJM's court, prima facie, found the allegations true, it was quashed by Patna High Court, informed Manoj.Meanwhile, Bablu's relative, Narayanswamy, informed TOI on Friday that Bablu's marriage with Simpu was simply unacceptable and they would marry off Bablu with some other girl. \"The hunt for a suitable girl is on,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13757315", "title": "Emergency Services 108 gets 1,500 prank calls per month", "text": "SURAT: Prank and abusive calls for the last six months have been troubling Emergency Services 108 and in the process may have put the lives of so many, who needed urgent medical help, to risk.Of the 15,000 calls per month that 108 receives in Gujarat, at least 1,500 are prank and abusive calls, which consume the organization's precious time, which can be a matter of life and death to someone too.Prank calls take away precious time of professionals and make the organization's emergency lines busy, thus, putting off a genuine caller. The organization, which is run by the state government and managed by GVK EMRI, plans to initiate action against prank callers.Chief operating officer (COO), GVK EMRI 108, Jashvant Prajapati said, \"Playing mischief with 108 is akin to playing with someone's life. This should stop and pranksters should be ready to face police action. We work with passion to serve people. We appeal to people to use emergency service and not misuse it.\"An employee of GVK EMRI 108 Bhanu Soni said, \"We will hand over the pranksters' numbers to police and cases will be registered against them.\"Meanwhile, the organization has also launched an awareness campaign. Since January 2012, over 3,000 students from different schools have visited 108 Emergency Management Centre and took pledge to use 108 service only at the time of actual emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13770990", "title": "No city for party people", "text": "Last fortnight, I could have been arrested for no fault of mine. Since when has visiting a night club to hang out with friends and down a few drinks become a criminal offence? I was supposed to go to the lounge bar in Mumbai's tony Juhu suburb the night it was raided.Luckily, I decided not to. But, some of my friends ended up going and the party turned into a nightmare for them. They spent almost eight hours in a grimy cop station and a government hospital. They are still being called to cop stations for interrogation every day. A friend of mine, who was caught in a previous raid, tells me that her report came positive for drugs, even though she hadn't consumed any. Had I been caught in a raid like this, I would have gone to a private hospital and carried out a test of my own to keep as proof. The authorit i e s make no differentiation between drugs like marijuana and hard ones like cocaine. If you test positive, you have to spend six months in jail, pay 25,000 and go into rehab for a year. In the case of the Juhu party, there is something fishy going on. My friends who were there, swear that it wasn't a rave. I also hear that there was a builder and some IPL players, who were let off. They checked into the hotel which houses the nightclub and left after the cops and media cleared out. Meanwhile, a friend, who was taken to a city hospital for blood and urine samples, says the doctor didn't label the bottles. So the chances of her samples getting mixed with someone else's are high. The cops want us to stop going out. They want nightclubs to shut early. They won't let us sit by the seaside, they don't want us to dress in a certain way and now they are raiding parties at 7 pm. Delhi has rave parties, too. Are they being raided? Mumbai cops are interested in grabbing headlines, so they alert newspapers and TV channels and parade law-abiding citizens as criminals. I am disgusted with this city. I want to move out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13756622", "title": "Administration draws up fodder plan for scarcity-hit Sinnar tehsil", "text": "NASHIK: In Sinnar tehsil, the worst-hit area in Nashik district when it comes to water and fodder scarcity, supply of fodder to cattle camps has been delayed, and the administration is struggling to provide water tankers to thirsty villagers.Unavailability of contractors to provide fodder for cattle prevented farmers in Sinnar tehsil from getting the fodder home-delivered during the entire month of May. After publishing an advertisement regarding the same for the third time, the administration has now found someone who will deliver fodder village-wise from Sunday.According to Sinnar tehsildar Sunil Saundane the administration first opened cattle camps at Dodi and Wavi and later at Dhulwad. But there were a number of farmers who were hesitant to take their cattle to the sheds fearing contamination.\"There were demands from farmers. After the third such advertisement was floated, the Doodh Utpadak Sahakari Sangh approached us,\" Saundane said.The tehsil office has registered a demand of 755 metric tonne of fodder from farmers and accordingly will distribute fodder from six main locations identified jointly by the administration and elected representatives. Officials said that from Saturday, this news will be announced in villages through the Davandi and from Sunday the actual delivery will start.The fodder is seventy-five percent subsidized and farmers have to pay Re 1 per kilogram for the first ten cattle. Anything above that will come at market price. The fodder will be weighed and given to the farmers under the watchful eyes of the talathi, gramsevak, veterinarians and others, officials said.All 128 villages in Sinnar tehsil have paisewari (the system to measure crop yield) less than 50 paise and the taluka has been severely hit by scarcity. At present, 34 tankers have been pressed into service to provide water to 28 villages and 175 hamlets in the tehsil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13756599", "title": "It's wait and watch for Forum for Rights of Children's Education, Konkani Bhasha Mandal", "text": "MARGAO: On the eve of the much awaited 'amicable' solution that is to be announced by chief minister Manohar Parrikar on the medium of instruction (MOI) issue, stakeholders appear to have decided to play the 'wait and then react' game.Parrikar on Friday said he would reveal the government's decision on the MoI issue by Monday, three days before schools reopen for the new academic year.Savio Lopes, general secretary, Forum for Rights of Children's Education (FORCE) said, \"We will have to wait for his official announcement and only then we will be in a position to form a reaction. FORCE, who has been demanding that parents be given the choice for MOI, is expected to convene a meeting whenever the chief minister announces his decision to discuss their next plan of action.Konkani Bhasha Mandal president Prashant Naik said, \"The chief minister is part of the BJP and the BJP came to power on the basis of the manifesto which clearly stated that grants will be given to Indian languages\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13759262", "title": "Hero's welcome for opposition leader at Onchiyam", "text": "KOZHIKODE: At a time when many of his comrades are in the dock for their alleged involvement in the gruesome killing of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan, Opposition leader and CPM central committee member V S Achuthanandan on Saturday surprised the political world by visiting the house of the slain leader.The visit is seen as a clear signal to his detractors in the party as VS timed it to coincide with a crucial byelection in Neyyattinkara. Interestingly, he decided to leave for Onchiyam in Kozhikode immediately after a brief meeting with his bete noire Pinarayi Vijayan, the CPM state secretary.Ever since Chandrasekharan was murdered on May 4, VS has been openly flouting party diktat to keep quiet on the incident. The CPM has been maintaining that the arrests of its senior comrades were part of a Congress-sponsored strategy to dent the party's image.But Achuthanandan was in for a hero's welcome at Onchiyam, native place of Chandrasekharan, whom Pinarayi had dubbed a renegade after he had quit the party following differences of opinion with him.Hundreds of RMP workers and local residents waited in front of Chandrasekharan's Thaivechaparambil house at Onchiyam for VS's arrival. RMP activists raised slogans as the veteran communist walked the last 150 metres to the house. Police had a tough time in helping VS pass through the crowd.Inside the house, VS stood in silence as K K Rema, Chandrasekharan's wife, grabbed his folded palms and broke out in tears. VS also consoled Chandrasekharan's mother.The Opposition leader then had a closed-door meeting with Rema, her father and CPM Balussery area committee member K K Madhavan , Chandrasekharan's son Abhinand and RMP area secretary N Venu for about half-an-hour.Later, VS went to Chandrasekharan's newly-constructed house in an adjacent property where his body was cremated, and offered floral tributes to his one-time comrade. Achuthanandan returned to the car through the crowd, but refused to talk to reporters, who had followed him from Kozhikode.Rema said VS's visit was a political recognition for the RMP. \"He gave us a patient audience. His visit is a great relief for me and my family. VS's visit has proved that Chandrasekharan was indeed a brave communist,\" she said.When Achuthanandan was at Chandrasekharan's house, a CPM meeting was on in Kozhikode to report the developments after the party congress. Pinarayi Vijayan, politburo member S Ramachandran Pillai and others addressed the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758726", "title": "'Private schools will have to offer 25% seats to poor students'", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday said that all private schools in the state will have to implement the Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009 and reserve 25% seats in these schools for poor students. Chavan was speaking to reporters after addressing the participants of the five-day state level Sevadal training camp being held at Karla near Lonavla.He said the RTE Act has been enacted by the Union government and even the Supreme Court has given directives about its implementation, and private schools will have to implement the provisions. The state government will offer Rs 11,000 per student for its implementation.According to the Act, all unaided private schools are covered under the Act with the exception of unaided private minority schools.Earlier, addressing participants of the camp, Chavan said, \"The state government is taking steps to boost development. Three international airports will be developed in the state. The state government needs Rs 77,000 to 78,000 crore to complete the incomplete irrigation projects at today's value while the annual budget of the state irrigation department is Rs 7,000 to 8,000 crore.\"Chavan said the state is trying to procure funds from the Union government under its last mile scheme. The union government, under this scheme, gives funds to complete projects which are is the last stage of completion. \"We need Rs 40,000 to 50,000 crore to complete only those projects which are in last stages of completion,\" he said.The state is the second largest producer of cotton in the country after Gujarat. However, 80% of the produce is sent outside the state for processing. \"The state has introduced a new textile policy to boost the textile sector and reduce suicides of cotton farmers. An investment of Rs 40,000 crore will have to be made, which will generate employment for one lakh people,\" he said.On scarcity and drought-like situation in the state, the chief minister said: \"There are 15 districts in the state which are in the rain shadow region of the Sahyadri and cover one-third of the total area of the state. The people in drought-affected areas are supplied water through more than 2,000 tankers. The government is giving employment to six lakh people through the employment guarantee scheme under which a person is given a daily wage of Rs 145.\"The state has also started the implementation of the Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Yojana in eight districts, which will be extended throughout the state soon. Under the scheme, citizens will be provided free medical care up to a limit of Rs 1 lakh. The state will provide well-equipped ambulances comprising one doctor and two helpers. \"If anyone dials the helpline number, the ambulance will reach the patient in 10 to 15 minutes and transport the patient to the nearest hospital for primary medical care,\" he explained.He said that the state was number one in the country and efforts will be made to retain the position. He expressed confidence that if the Congress workers succeed in spreading information about the welfare schemes and their benefits to the common man in the next two years then the party will come to power again after the 2014 general election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "13758531", "title": "Industrial Training Institute students forced to work as labourers, principal orders probe", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: In a shocking incident, students of the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) here were found working as laborers in an under-construction house of a teacher. It was alleged that the students were forced to work to get good assessment in the practical tests to be conducted by the institute.Those found working as laborers were from the tool and dye maker branch of ITI of the city, while the teacher was identified as Rajesh Madhok. The site is located in Faruknagar, near Jagadhari workshop.Unwilling to be identified, some students even alleged about being forced to do household work by the professor. The episode came to light on Friday evening when a local resident clicked pictures of students working at the under-construction site, allegedly owned by Madhok.A student said, on condition of anonymity, \"Three to four students are called to the construction site daily. Students refusing to obey will have to bear the brunt on account of loss in practical exam marks. So students are left with no option but to work like this.''Notwithstanding the fact that Madhok himself was seen instructing students (as shown in pictures clicked), the errant teacher vehemently denied the allegations.\"No doubt, those in the photograph are my students and were at my house. But the students appearing in the photo had just accompanied me to deliver an LPG cylinder at my house. I do not know who asked them to work at the construction site.\"Madhok, however, did not comment when asked about the photograph wherein he was seen giving instructions to students at work.Balwant Singh, principal of ITI, Yamunanagar, confirmed knowledge about the incident. \"The matter has come to our notice. This is shameful. We cannot deny the fact that our students were working as labourers. Photographs provided to us are strong evidence in itself and facts are speaking for itself. We will take strict action in this regard. Initially, we have sought an explanation from the teacher. Further action will follow,\" Balwant Singh told TOI over phone.When contacted, DC, Yamunanagar, Ashok Sangwan, said, \"If it is true that teachers are forcing students to work as labourers, it's a very shameful act on the part of teachers. I will look into the matter. If charges are proved, strict action will be taken against the teacher.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13754618", "title": "20 non-teaching M S University staff members to be relieved", "text": "VADODARA: M S University has decided to relieve 20 non-teaching staff members, whose services the university had continued on contract basis after their retirement. The decision regarding this was taken during Saturday's special syndicate meeting.The university had convened the special syndicate meeting to decide the fate of 20 non-teaching staff members, who post their retirement were working with the university on daily wage basis.The decision has been taken considering that the state government had issued a government resolution (GR) in March this year asking all government-aided institutions not to hire any employee after he or she attains superannuation.Interestingly, this GR also mentions that the institutions can continue services of such employees only after consent of Gujarat chief minister.The special syndicate meeting was called to decide whether the university should relieve the members or approach Gujarat chief minister to seek his permission and continue services of the non-teaching staff members. \"It has been decided that the non-teaching staff members should be relieved immediately,\" an official said.MSU to make HoDs 'cool'Vadodara: The rising level of mercury seems to be having its impact on M S University. During the special syndicate meeting, MSU decided to provide air-conditioners at the offices of all the head of departments (HoDs) of the university.Interestingly, the special syndicate meeting was called to discuss fate of 20 non-teaching staff members. But the proposal to provide air-conditioners to all HoDs was brought to the meeting as table agenda, which got approved instantly.It is worth mentioning here that while offices of all deans of the university are already equipped with air-conditioners, even most HoDs have air-conditioners fitted in their chambers. \"We have decided to provide air-conditioners to only those HoDs who presently don't have such facility,\" a syndicate member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "13787737", "title": "Bhupathi-Sania in French Open quarters", "text": "PARIS: Mahesh Bhupathi and Sania Mirza on Sunday advanced to the quarterfinals of the French Open mixed doubles event after notching up a straight-set victory in the second round.The seventh seed Indian pair defeated their unseeded opponents from France, Virginie Razzano and Nicolas Devilder , 7-6, 6-3 in a contest lasting an hour and 20 minutes.They will now be facing the winner of the match between second seed Czech Republic-USA pair of Kveta Peschke/Mike Bryan and unseeded USA-Romanian duo of Bethanie Mattek Sands/Horia Tecau.The Indian pair had to toil hard as the first set went into a tie-break. However, the French pair ran out of steam in the second set.Earlier, Leander Paes and Elena Vesnina made a smooth progress to the mixed doubles quarterfinals with a 6-2, 6-0 drubbing of Mathilde Johansson and Marc Gicquel .The fifth seed Indo-Russian pair needed just 49 minutes to dispatch the local pair in the second round of the clay court tournament.Paes and Vesnina broke their rivals twice in the opening set and thrice in the second to seal the win. They never faced a breakpoint in the whole match.Paes and Vesnina will now face the winner of the other second round match between top seeded pair of Liezel Huber/Max Mirnyi and Alicja Rosolska/Alexander Peya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750802", "title": "Get Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority land lease on easy terms!", "text": "HYDERABAD: If you have an identity card and an authorization letter (no matter if they are fakes), you can enter into an agreement with the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) and corner land worth crores of rupees on lease.And, there is no need to worry even if officials grow suspicious about the authorization letter and ID - HMDA and the state government will give a grace period of at least six months. The above has actually happened - over the granting of a parcel of land in prime Moosapet to DLF-SBPL Developers Pvt Ltd.The Central Crime Station (CCS), which is investigating the Moosapet land deal based on a complaint by HMDA, on Saturday collected crucial information pertaining to the land lease from the authority.One S Durga Prasad, who claimed to be an advocate, signed the lease agreement with HMDA as the authorized signatory for DLF-SBPL on August 27, 2008. Durga Prasad had produced an identity card issued by the Bar Council of AP at the time of registration of the lease. Also, one Manoj Sharma along with a person called Jaffer Khan signed as witnesses, producing their driving licences as ID proof.DLF claims it did not authorize anyone to sign the lease agreement with HMDA on the Moosapet land. Even after learning of this and of DLF's denial in October, 2011, HMDA did not take any measures to bring the culprits to book, writing only a letter to the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department informing it about the issue.Now, MA&UD; has, couple of days back, issued notices to DLF stating it would rescind the GO allotting land to the firm.Officials said that DLF Building India Ltd had first approached the erstwhile Hyderabad Urban Development Authority (Huda) on August 28, 2007 seeking allotment of 25.30 acres in Moosapet for setting up a mega agricultural hub.The Huda board had agreed to the proposal at its meeting on December 31, 2007. When the proposal was sent to MA&UD;, a GO (No.559) was immediately issued in August, 2008 allotting 24.23 acres land to DLF Building India Ltd for the project on a 33-year lease. A little later, DLF-SBPL Developers Pvt Ltd came into the picture claiming to be the subsidiary of the Delhi-based DLF.\"HMDA officials did not raise any objection since the application was made and GO was issued in the name of DLF Building India Ltd. However, no important person was present during the signing of the lease between the two parties pertaining to a prime property worth hundreds of crores,\" a senior police official said.Sources said that the possession, on paper, was given to DLF representative Manoj Sharma in January 2009. DLF had informed the authority that it had not authorized anybody to enter into the agreement for land in October 2011 when HMDA sent notices for payment of Rs 3.96 crore lease rent from July, 2009. However, the authority did not initiate any steps to cancel the agreement. The agreement was cancelled only in March, 2012 after the DLF and GS Gupta issue pertaining to the old Gandhi Medical College land in Basheerbagh surfaced.\"The role of HMDA officials in the fraud lease agreement is being probed as part of the investigation,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13754128", "title": "Two realtors surrender Rs 3.75 crore after income tax survey", "text": "INDORE: Two city-based realtors have surrendered an undeclared income of Rs 3.75 crore following the income tax (I-T) officials carried out a 24-hour survey, which ended on Saturday morning, on five office premises of three realtors on suspicion of alleged tax evasion.I-T department sources said that Nalanda Constructions and Rajasthan Property Brokers surrendered Rs 3 crore and Rs 75 lakh respectively following the survey by the taxmen. The third realtor, Bajaj Developer, is yet to surrender any undeclared income, sources said.About 40 I-T officials took part in the surveys on the three realty firms, said an I-T official.I-T commissioner BP Jain was leading the survey team. Though Bajaj Developers, the third realtor, is yet to surrender any undisclosed income before the taxmen, the officials, who were part of the survey, claimed that a lot of incriminating documents have been recovered from the premises of Bajaj Developers during the surveys. These documents are related to those transactions, which were not accounted on the books, claimed the officials.The business premises that were included in the survey included Appollo Tower and Raffael Tower.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13753235", "title": "Tiger death: Authorities deny poisoning", "text": "BHOPAL: Barely five days after it mauled a man to death, an old tiger Bokha died in Bandhavgarh tiger reserve in Umaria district of Madhya Pradesh on Friday. This has put the authorities in a bind given that this was the second big cat's death in a short span of 20 days in the park.After the 14-year-old Bokha was found dead with injury marks on its body on Friday, the Madhya Pradesh forest department authorities have armed themselves with proof to convince National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) that the big cat died due to injuries it sustained in a \"territorial fight\" and old age.The death has come a couple of days after the NTCA asked the forest departments, across the country, to treat every big cat death as a case of poaching - unless proven otherwise.\"The dead tiger did not have a canine tooth but there were bite marks on its left leg and back. On May 27, Bokha at Kushwar village had mauled a man who died after some hours. Since then our staff kept a watch on it,\" reserve filed director C K Patil told TOI.\"Our staffers, from time to time, gave the big cat medicines. It ate two goats on Friday and walked some 4 to 5 km before it slumped near a water body and died,\" he added. He ruled out the possibility of big cat being poisoned by the nearby villagers to avenge the man's death recently.Bokha had died of injuries and old age and nothing should be read into it, Patil said.\"With Bokha's death, we have lost all the old big cats. Last year, tiger B - 2 died,\" the director said.According to him, one among the two young tigers had attacked Bokha. \"These two tigers want to form their territories,\" he added.He said that they are going to prove to the NTCA that it was a natural death and not a poaching case. Short post-mortem report too states that it was a natural death.\"We are going to get the detailed autopsy report on Monday which would be forwarded to the NTCA,\" Patil said. About the young big cat's death on May 12, he said it too died in a territorial fight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13786694", "title": "Farmers of Noida were cheated: BJP MLA", "text": "NOIDA: Alleging that farmers fell prey to the \"nexus\" between officials and politicians, local BJP MLA Mahesh Sharma today said efforts should be made to solve the abadi land issues and farmers should be given the developed land.MLA of the newly created Assembly segment said that he has raised the issue in Assembly.\"Farmers of Noida on whose land city was developed were cheated by the administration and state governments in the past. While the Noida land is being sold at high premium of over Rs one lakh per square meter at commercial areas, farmers are given compensation of Rs 850 to Rs 1,000 only. In the past compensation was just Rs 12 to Rs 300 per square meter.\"\"When farmers raised their voice, bullets were fired at them in Bhatta Parsaul and Ghodi Baccheda in which several innocent farmers were killed,\" said Sharma.Sharma also complained about the dwindling industries in Noida region.\"Beside farmers, common man too was suffering here. In last five years not a single industry has been set up here. Several running units have downed their shutters and shifted to other states,\" said Sharma.\"Though Noida on paper was declared No Power Cut Zone area but residents are experiencing power cuts upto 5 hours a day. Villages are getting power only for two to four hours only,\" claimed Sharma.\"Law and order situation has deteriorated in last five years. The pathetic condition of small colonies and mushrooming of jhuggi clusters are turning Noida into slums,\" said Sharma.Authority officials in the past sold land at high rates promising air port at Jewar though they knew it can not be set up technically. Further private builders bought land in Greater Noida and termed it Noida extension to mislead the buyers, said Sharma.\"I have requested that in next three or four months efforts should be made to solve the ababdi land issues and farmers should be given the developed land as per law so that city is not ruined and put on development mode,\" said Sharma.Raking up the issue of milk adulteration, Sharma said: \"Adulteration of milk and food products was a great problem for the city. Oxytocin injections were being used to increase the yield of milk. I requested for debate on the issue as it was prevalent in the entire state. Strict measures need to be taken so that people get pur food and milk products without any form of adulteration.\"\"In the end I requested that my Noida should be saved from the loot of officers and politicians nexus,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13751135", "title": "8,023 cases settled in Lok Adalat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: 8,023 cases of different categories were disposed of in a Lok Adalat that was held inside the premises of the district court on Saturday.Out of the total cases, 502 were settled under the Negotiable Instrument Act. In MACT cases, compensation of Rs 16,85,000 was awarded. In execution petitions, Rs 24,14,278 was disbursed to the petitioners. In 7,231 traffic challans, Rs 18,10,450 were imposed and realized as fine. Besides this, about 290 civil, rent, labour and other categories of cases were also disposed off.20 benches were constituted in which cases of different categories like motor accident claim, matrimonial, civil, civil appeals, compoundable criminal and rent cases were taken up for settlement in Lok Adalat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13775247", "title": "Personal honesty not enough, keep Cabinet clean: Ramdev to PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Attacking the UPA government and threatening a fight to the finish by August on the issue of black money, Anna Hazare and yoga guru Baba Ramdev sat on a day- long fast on Sunday protesting against corruption.In their first appearance on a public platform after a year, Hazare and Ramdev arrived at the protest venue of Jantar Mantar together this morning after visiting Mahatma Gandhi's memorial and Shahid Park.Ramdev began his campaign by issuing a warning to the government to get ready for \"fight to the finish\" by August and asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to make his Cabinet \"corruption-free.\"\"You (the Prime Minister) are an honest person personally. People respect you for that. But you hold the high constitutional post. You have to take care of the political, constitutional and democratic responsibility.\"Your personal honesty is not enough. You have to be politically honest too. You have to keep your Cabinet honest. Then people will respect you (more),\" Ramdev told his supporters, who were waiving the tricolour.Before beginning his fast, he told reporters that he was intensifying the protest to bring back black money stashed away abroad and \"I want the countrymen to be part of the fight to finish by August\".Ramdev also invoked the name of Rajiv Gandhi saying when the former prime minister talked about only 15 paise out of a rupee reaching the beneficiaries, it was \"ideal\" but \"when we talk about it, then we are called \"khalnayaks (villains)\".The protest also had its share of drama when a man in his late twenties and claiming to be a 'volunteer' of Team Anna, tried to attempt self-immolation alleging that he was mistreated by prominent members of India Against Corruption .Meanwhile, minister of state for parliamentary affairs Harish Rawat said Team Anna and Ramdev were free to voice their concern against corruption but they cannot be allowed to \"destroy\" the existing institutions to tackle graft.\"They have full freedom to voice concern against corruption. But Anna Hazare and Ramdev should understand that in the name of fighting corruption, if they want to destroy the existing institutions, the country will not accept it...,\" he told reporters.In his address, Ramdev claimed that FDI worth Rs 20 lakh crore held the \"key\" to people involved in stashing away black money abroad.\"If the government names the actual investors of FDI, the puzzle with regard to black money will be solved,\" he said in an apparent reference to Foreign Institution Investors (FII), which can allegedly be used by people to stash away black money.Seeking answers to the fall of the rupee and dipping GDP from finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, Ramdev said the Indian economy will be strengthened if the black money was brought back and the youth were given ample employment opportunities.Recalling the police crackdown on his supporters last year, Ramdev claimed it was \"Ravan lila\" played out at the Ramlila grounds. The dais had a picture of Rajbala who died following injuries suffered by her during the police action last year at Ramlila grounds.\"Even Mahatma Gandhi had said that India needs its own laws. But we still have British era laws like the one on land acquisition and the Police Act. We need to remove the archaic laws and have swadeshi laws,\" he said.Ramdev claimed efforts by the government to tarnish the image of Team Anna members and his aides had failed to break the movement against corruption. \"Whenever we talk of corruption, those in the power and leaders of the ruling party maintain that laws are not made on the streets... We are not against anyone... There is no family feud,\" he said.This is the first time that Ramdev and Hazare are sitting on a joint fast. From Team Anna, Arvind Kejriwal , Kiran Bedi and Manish Sisodia were the prominent members who joined Hazare and Ramdev in the day-long fast.The association with Ramdev had been opposed by a section within Team Anna on the ground that the yoga guru was facing corruption charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13755961", "title": "2 file nomination for post of mayor", "text": "KANPUR: Two aspirants filed their nomination papers for the post of mayor in ongoing civic election process on Saturday. The aspirants are Anirudh Kumar Sahu from backward class while second one is identified as Ratan Kumar Gupta from general category.As many as 82 candidates including 27 women have filed their nomination for the seat of corporator from different wards of the city on the third day of nomination.Meanwhile ruckus took place at government branch of State Bank of India civil lines where contesting candidates had to deposit their security money.A large number of contestants reached there to deposit their security money. Since it was Saturday, the bank officials accepted the deposits till 1 PM and thereafter they stopped working.In the meantime guards posted there for the security reasons locked the channel as a result several candidates were locked inside. There supporters later created a chaos .They made an abortive attempt to break the lock and alleged that bank officials had confined the candidates inside the bank premises.District officials also reached there and discussed the issue from bank officials who refused to accept the security money after due time.Since treasury would be closed for two days - Sunday and Monday, the state commission conveyed the news to district election officer to make arrangements to collect cash security money at Nagar Nigam for two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13753877", "title": "Private firm employee takes to stealing laptops to get rich", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old man who stole laptops from several houses in the southern suburbs at night was finally nabbed on Friday night, police said. Ten laptops and 12 mobile phones were recovered from Natarajan of Selaiyur, a school dropout, who would enter a house by tearing the mosquito net fitted to the window before escaping with the booty, police said. He was later remanded in judicial custody.Sleuths of a patrolling criminal apprehension team (CAT) found Natarajan loitering near Pazhavanthangal at night and questioned him. When his answers weren't convincing, the police personnel examined his belongings and found an iPhone which Natarajan said he had stolen from a house in the area.He was then taken to the police station and interrogated. He said he had worked in a private company and decided to take to crime to get rich quick. He had been operating in the southern suburbs, especially in St Thomas Mount police district, for the past six months, police said.Natarajan told police he often entered houses by tearing open the mosquito net fixed to the window.\"Many residents believe mosquito nets are safe and often keep the windows open. Some even leave valuables near the windows. Residents should keep all valuables locked in cupboards, away from the windows,\" south zone joint commissioner of police K P Shanmugarajeswaran said.\"We are questioning Natarajan to find out if he was involved in any other incident,\" he said.Though police had lifted his fingerprints from the crime scene in many places, they remained unidentified till he was nabbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chilakaluripet", "code": "13750543", "title": "CBI raids ex-judge brother\u2019s residence", "text": "CHILAKALURIPET: Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths conducted searches at the residence of T Srinivasa Rao, brother of retired judge TV Chalapathi Rao, whose role is being suspected in mining baron Gali Janardhana's cash-for-bail case, on Saturday. A team of five officials arrived here around 11 am and went to the residence of Srinivasa Rao at Gappitivariveedhi in the town.Perhaps apprehending the visit, Srinivasa Rao, a document writer at the local sub-registrar office, is said to have fled home early in the morning but had to return after the CBI team summoned him. According to information, the CBI team grilled him over his cash transactions and land registrations. The team questioned him for over two hours and later took him to the local SBI branch where he had an account and locker. The sleuths inspected the locker as well as the transaction details of the account.Sources said the CBI team did not find anything to suspect Srinivasa Rao in the case. However, they visited the sub-registrar office and verified documents of recent registrations. The officials grilled the local sub-registrar about the transactions handled by Srinivasa as document writer. Sources said the team visited Chilakaluripet following the information provided by his elder brother Balaji, a legal advisor at an MNC.Suspecting the role of Chalapathi Rao in influencing CBI court judge T Pattabhirama Rao to grant bail to Gali, the CBI conducted raids at the residences of Rao's relatives and friends in Hyderabad last week. During the inspections, the CBI found Rs one crore in the bank locker of Balaji, younger brother of Chalapathi. Balaji said to have told the CBI that the amount was sent to him by his brother Srinivasa Rao from Chilakaluripet to purchase a piece of land in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13754073", "title": "Man gets 50k for insurance policy that didn\u2019t work", "text": "CHENNAI: After availing himself of a credit card in May 2007, V J Ravi Gunaseelan of Velachery opted for a medical insurance policy as well.Since he was not sent the documents later, he was unable to use his insurance when he was involved in an accident during the term of the policy. Now, the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (South Chennai) has ordered that he be paid 50,000 and a compensation of 5,000.In his petition, Gunaseelan said the bank had deducted 7,064 from his account towards insurance. The monthly payments were taken in advance along with interest. However, Gunaseelan was not provided with the policy documents.While the policy was in force, he met with an accident on August 9, 2007 and spent 2.7 lakh towards hospitalization. As the company had not issued the documents, he was unable to claim any benefit from the policy. On November 30, 2007, he received a letter from the insurance firm saying his policy was cancelled when he had not asked it to do so either in writing or orally. Since the company had already collected the entire premium, cancelling it amounted to deficiency in service, he said.In response, the representatives of the insurance firm claimed that Gunaseelan had, in fact, requested that the policy be cancelled. A bench observed that the monthly statement showed 431 was debited from Gunaseelan's account from June 2007 to August 2008.The bench noted that no evidence was submitted to support the claim that Gunaseelan had requested that the policy be cancelled. Having collected the premium amount well in advance, not issuing the documents and then subsequently cancelling the policy amounted to a deficiency in service, the bench ruled. It ordered the bank and the insurance company to pay 50,000 as compensation and 5000 towards costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13756581", "title": "Burglar held a month after release from jail", "text": "BANGALORE: This 35-year-old man would set himself a target and roam the city looking for locked houses. After zeroing in on a couple of them, he would come back later with an iron rod, break open the houses and flee with valuables. This continued till police caught him a year ago.But one year of prison life hasn't changed Sunil Kumar at all. Hanumanthanagar police arrested him once again after he was released from jail one month ago.Sunil Kumar alias Mendugudhli, a resident of Arundathinagar in Chandra Layout , was caught while trying to burgle a house in Sunkenahalli, Hanumanthnagar.Hanumanthnagar constables, who were on night patrol on May 28, saw Sunil trying to break open the house door and caught hold of him. \"During interrogation, Sunil confessed to have committed thefts at Malleswaram, Upparpet, Ulsoorgate , Kalasipalyam and Hanumanthnagar,\" police said. Over 500 gm of gold and 8 kg silver ornaments worth Rs 21 lakh were recovered from him.A native of Bellary, Sunil came to Bangalore a decade ago and worked as a room boy in a few lodges in Majestic. He also worked as cook, but then started burgling homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13774885", "title": "Garry Kasparov regrets leaving chess: Viswanathan Anand", "text": "CHENNAI: Hitting back at Garry Kasparov , world champion Viswanathan Anand on Sunday said the Russian legend's remark about him was nothing but frustration of a player, who misses \"attention\" and \"regrets his retirement\" from the game.Kasparov, during Anand's world championship match against Boris Gelfand, had said that the Indian lacked motivation and was \"sliding downhill\" these years.However, Anand successfully defended his crown, which was a befitting answer to his critics such as Kasparov.\"We were asked about his remarks. He is the man who regrets leaving chess. He misses the attention he got in chess, somehow wants to be there. May be he should play again,\" Anand said at his first press conference in the country after winning his fifth world title.Anand said maybe Kasparov wants him to retire. \"Kasparov retired in 2005, he has been trying to make me retire since 2011. You just have to develop a thick skin as a public figure,\" he said.When Anand had drawn the sixth straight game against Gelfand during the world championship in Moscow , Kasparov hit out at the Indian, saying: \"What I think with Vishy is that he has lost motivation. Gelfand hasn't won a single game against Vishy since 1993.\"As for Vishy, I think he's sliding downhill these (last) years. He wants to win, he knows he's a better player, but it's not enough.\"The Indian chess legend said he shuts himself down when he is locked in a tournament, to avoid distraction.\"In general I try not to read anything during world championships. I try to stay in a bubble. The idea is to block it out. He came to the match venue and gave a PC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13752883", "title": "Ooty man may soon train CRPF commandos to brave snakes", "text": "COIMBATORE: Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) Commandos in the North East forests and naxal affected districts will soon learn to brave snakes from Ooty-based businessman, N Sadiq Ali, an executive member of the Nilgiris Wildlife Environment Association. He is active in the rescue of snakes, training people and students in the region. He is likely to start his training sessions for the commandos in July.Sadiq Ali, who was in the city on Saturday at the KCT College of Technology to conduct a training session, said that the basic lessons for the commandos will be similar to the training he conducts for the public. \"I first have to teach them not to be afraid of snakes,\" he said.\"When soldiers are fighting in trenches build in the forest, snakes often fall in causing panic. If you feel a snake moving over your body, you must remain still. It is when you move that the snake tends to bite. The commandos will be taught first aid when bitten by a poisonous snake,\" he said.Sadiq Ali who has been rescuing snakes for the past 30 years started training people three years ago. He said that while he trains the commandos to keep away from danger, his usual training generally involves the rescue of snakes.If the snakes are venomous, they need to be removed and released into the forests. If they are not venomous, they need not be removed. \"Snakes enter human settlements for food. If they are non-venomous they may be released in a garden or farm,\" he says.According to Sadiq, snakes will help you get rid of rats and rodents. He encourages farmers to allow them in their farms.\"A significant portion of grains are eaten by rodents,\" he said. He said that several farmers in Erode and Salem have taken his advice and are happy with the results. He teaches farmers to identify venomous snakes, so that they can allow the non-venomous ones to remain on their land. At the same time, he has his share of critics. Some veterinary doctors and forest officials say that training the public to rescue snakes will encourage them to keep the reptiles as pets. They may also sell them in the market. When questioned about these issues, Sadiq said that he does not encourage anyone to indulge in illegal acts. Besides, his training is conducted under the guidance of the forest department. The trainees are told that if they rescue a venomous snake they must inform the forest department and get approval to release it into the forest.Sadiq who has been rescuing snakes for the past 30 years started training people three years ago. He said that while he trains the commandos to keep away from danger, his usual training generally involves the rescue of snakes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750347", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation to conduct mega job mela in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) will conduct a job mela for the benefit of unemployed youth of the Old City at Owaisi School in Riyasat Nagar on June 5.Briefing the media here on Saturday, mayor Mohd Majid Hussain said about 3,000 unemployed youth might benefit from the mega job mela. Candidates with a minimum qualification of SSC to graduation or any other professional qualification could register for the job mela, which starts at 9am on the day. The candidates have to bring five copies of their educational qualifications and bio-data along with them, the mayor said.The corporation would also provide free transport to the venue from Chandrayangutta. The mayor said similar job melas would be conducted in all circles in a phased manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753758", "title": "Nearly 77,000 aspirants to appear in Combined Pre Medical Test today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The entire proceedings of the Combined Pre Medical Test 2012 slated to take place on Sunday morning will be videographed. All the 77,000 candidates who have enrolled themselves for the exam will have to give the impression of their fingers and thumb through a special ink besides leaving a sample of their hand writing. The candidates will have to register a unique identification mark with the authorities at the examination centre. They will not be allowed to carry a pencil box or drinking water bottle as well.All these steps are being taken to ensure that no fake or proxy candidate is able to take the exam that is the route to government and some private medical institutions in the state. The exam is being organised by Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University, which has made elaborate arrangements for the same. CSMMU spokesperson Prof Abbas Mahdi informed that the exam would take place at 147 centres across 15 cities of the state. In Lucknow about some 18,000 candidates will be appearing in 31 centres.More than 45 observers from different institutions have also been deputed to keep vigil during the examination. Teachers and faculty members have been called from Banaras Hindu University and Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur. CSMMU has also deputed a large number of its faculty members as invigilators besides giving them the job of conducting a free and fair examination. A committee with district administration has also been constituted to prevent any untoward incident.Like previous years, candidates will have to answer 200 objective type questions by filling spaces in an Optical Mark Reader sheet. The questions would be evenly divided into zoology, botany, chemistry and physics categories. The pencil and other stationery for this will be provided to them in the exam hall. However, a duplicate sheet will also be given to each candidate taking the examination. Prior to 200, candidates were to take two papers, each of two hours duration.Prof Mahdi also that though admit cards have been dispatched to all candidates through post, e-mails and SMSes, the candidates have the option of downloading the same from CSMMU's website. Despite this, if a candidate is not able to retrieve his admit card, he can obtain the same from the examination centre which has been provided with a duplicate copy of the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13777782", "title": "Sharon Stone goes 'bra-less' for romantic stroll with toyboy", "text": "Sharon Stone decided to put on a show by going bra-less for a romantic stroll with her model boyfriend Martin Mica in Beverly Hills .The 'Basic Instinct' star was as confident as ever as she walked the streets with the much younger Mica, the Daily mail reported.The 54-year-old started dating the Argentinean model when they met at a Vogue party in Brazil in April, where they reportedly left after a few hours to spend time alone together at the actress' hotel.She looked excited to be getting some fresh air as she walked in her red denims, form fitting blouse and her brown suede boots.Mica, who is exactly half of Stone's age, was not afraid to show his fondness for her either, romantically putting his arm around her shoulders, as they pranced across the street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13755321", "title": "CG Road off limits for vehicles on Sundays", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police commissioner issued a notification on Saturday making CG Road vehicle-free on Sundays. Four stretches of the road will implement the ban on vehicles by rotation. Police officials cited vehicle congestion as the reason for the plan. The ban has, however, not gone down well with shopkeepers who have already protested against the existing ban.On April 8, the police commissioner had issued a notification declaring three stretches - including Law Garden, CG Road and Kankaria - as vehicle-free zones on Sundays. For CG Road, the stretch was between Swastik Crossroads and Shilp Crossroads. According to the new notification, on every first Sunday of the month, the stretch between Panchvati Crossroads and Bodyline Crossroads will be vehicle-free. On the second, third and fourth Sundays, the ban will apply to stretches between Bodyline Crossroads and Girish Cold Drink Circle; Girish Cold Drink Circle and Swastik Crossroads; and Swastik Crossroads and Stadium Crossroads. The timings for the ban will be 6 pm to 10 pm. The initial experiment had elicited mixed response from citizens. While some enjoyed vehicle-free zones and thronged the areas with children, others saw it as harassment and not a great improvement on the existing situation.\"It will be a blow for the business as most visitors come on vehicles and there isn't adequate parking space available on the road,\" said a shopkeeper. \"Not many like walking. We have already written letters to higher authorities protesting against the plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13784620", "title": "Passionate England will spring surprise at Euro 2012: Beckham", "text": "LONDON: Former England football captain David Beckham believes that the current squad coached by Roy Hodgson has the potential to spring a surprise or two during Euro 2012 in Ukraine and Poland.Beckham, who was at The Wembley on Saturday to collect a commemorative cap from UEFA for being one of only five men to have played more than 100 times for England, was quoted by the Daily Mail, as saying: \"I think we're going to go to the European championship and surprise a lot of people.\"\"Expectations are not as high as they have been in previous competitions but we're talking about England here. No one can doubt the talent or the passion we have,\" he added.On the withdrawal through injury of Frank Lampard and Gareth Barry, Beckham said: \"It's sad to see the players who are dropping out. They've worked so hard to reach a big competition like Euro 2012 and it must be really upsetting for them as players and professionals.\"He also jocularly remarked that he did not expect a call-up for the Euros.\"I doubt it will actually happen again. But there's always a chance. I'll never say never. I did bring my boots back with me,\" Beckham said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13752528", "title": "Sense of insecurity forced Ruchika Girhotra's family to give up", "text": "PANCHKULA: The security cover provided to Ruchika Girhotra's family as it faced intimidation during its campaign for justice was removed three months before a local court accepted closure report on two cases against the former cop SPS Rathore.The family did not object to the closure of cases against Rathore amid this sense of insecurity and decided to end the 22-year struggle for justice.A PCR van stationed outside the Girhotras' residence in Panchkula's sector-12A area has nobody to operate it. The van was deployed for the family's security along with the cover three years back. Sources said security to Girhotras was withdrawn without any notice.Panchkula DCP Parul Kush said she was unaware of the removal of the security. \"I will have to check records as I have taken over recently,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758644", "title": "Ministry of environment and forests steps in to conserve sacred groves in Western Ghats", "text": "PUNE: Sacred groves in the Western Ghats are home to rich biodiversity and gene pools, but are under constant threat. They will now be studied for better conservation.An all-India project on an assessment of the ecosystem service that sacred groves provide has been initiated by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). Pune-based MES Garware College's biodiversity department has been selected to take up the project in Maharashtra.The five-year network programme will be undertaken in more than 10 states covering various agro-climatic zones across the country, involving several institutes. The project will document flora and fauna and study various ecosystem needs sacred groves provide to the local community.\"So far, we have been documenting biodiversity in sacred groves. But this project will document various ecosystem services like carbon sequestration, pollination biology, ground water recharge, cultural and aesthetic values,'' said Ankur Patwardhan, head of the biodiversity department at MES Garware College. He is the principal investigator of the project.The study will focus on 10 sacred groves in the Western Ghats. Patwardhan said there were more than 1,000 sacred groves in Maharashtra. After visiting the sites, sacred groves will be selected for a study on the basis of agro-climatic zones, management regime and their size. The project will be taken up next month.\"The project will take up quantification of bioresources and its harvest. It will also look at the various provisioning, supporting the ecosystem services of sacred groves like biomass, food, fodder and water that is provided to the villages. The local community should know what they receive from the sacred groves in terms of monetary gains. It will enhance their importance and they will be more protective towards the groves,\" he said.Saroj Barik from Shillong will coordinate the all-India project which has noted anthropologist KC Malhotra as advisor. Naseem Ahmed from MoEF is the nodal person. Each state will have one principal investigator. The other states are Karnataka, Meghalaya, Tamil Nadu and Kerala.Patwardhan said the study will find out how the management regime of sacred groves affects its eco-system services, what should be the harvest level for a particular resource, sustainability of the harvest level and provide inputs to the local community about adoptive management strategies. Success stories will be shared with them.Threats and disturbances to the sacred groves will also be studied. They are under pressure from dilution of religious beliefs, fragmentation of land, clearing inside the groves for construction of temples and construction of roads and invasion of weeds.Modernisation and urbanisation is slowly creeping up on these traditional resource management systems. For example, maintenance of the temple has gained importance over the protection of vegetation and water resources in the grove, say experts.The study will involve MSc biodiversity students and local community personnel in field assessment. A report will be prepared with recommendations on conservation measures and better management of the sacred groves that will be submitted to the MoEF for action.Rich in biodiversity* Sacred groves are a patch of ancient vegetation protected by local sentiments of people who have dedicated it to a specific deity or a spirit.* The groves have high ecological value due to closed canopy and low interference. They have sources of perennial springs, soil conservation and nutrient cycling, refuge for wildlife, biodiversity habitat and support threatened or endemic species and genetic variations.* There are around 3,260 scared groves in Raigad, Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts. Of these, a majority are in Ratnagiri district. Over a 100 sacred groves are found between Maval and Mulshi, Pune district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13755547", "title": "Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University's 100% inability in 25% disability case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University (PDPU) has still not cancelled the admission of a student who secured admission in 2009 after producing a certificate which showed that he was 25% handicapped. According to rules, admission in this category is allowed only if a candidate has 40% disability.Deep Aghera, a student of CN Vidyalaya, took AIEEE exam in 2009 in the handicapped-person category. Later, a complaint was filed with the director of technical education alleging that Aghera had wrongly taken advantage of the category.The complaint was forwarded to the Joint Admission Committee for Professional Courses (JACPC), which found that he was only 25% disabled and was wrongly given the admission.On May 10, JACPC requested PDPU to cancel his admission. However, when the university did not comply, the committee issued an order to cancel his admission. However, sources said that Aghera continues to study at PDPU. Aghera, a source said, has never taken any benefit available for those in the handicapped category in schools. However, it remains to be seen why he produced the certificate for admission to PDPU", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "allahahad", "code": "13748814", "title": "2 roadways employees put under suspension", "text": "ALLAHAHAD: Two roadways employees were placed under suspension on the charges of dereliction of duties.ARM Prayag Depot, Rajesh Pathak told TOI that a bus conductor named as Somnath Dwivedi was placed under suspension after he was caught red-handed taking 15 passengers without tickets to Allahabad from Lucknow in a air-conditioned bus. When officials passed this information to Roadways Headquarter squad (Lucknow), they caught conductor red handed near PGI and placed him under suspension.In second case, a driver named as Shakeel Khan was placed under suspension on the charges of stealing diesel. During a surprise check, the erring driver was caught. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13752808", "title": "No breakthrough in Brahmeshwar Singh murder case", "text": "PATNA: Over 48 hours after the cold-blooded murder of Brahmeshwar Singh, alias Mukhiyaji, at the break of dawn in Ara on Friday, police have not been able to make any breakthrough in the case.The Special Investigation Team (SIT) constituted to probe the killing, met on Saturday to discuss the case even as the entire police machinery of Bhojpur district was busy in maintaining law and order in the wake of mob violence which erupted after the murder.DIG (Shahabad), Ajitabh Kumar, who is also heading the SIT, refused to talk to media about the progress made in the probe so far. A senior police officer at the police headquarters told TOI the case was difficult as there was no eyewitness. But if handled tactfully, it would not be hard to crack it.Mukhiyaji was murdered when he was on morning walk around 4.30am. It is the time when few people are seen on roads. But the timing of the killing provides an opportunity to the police to zero in on assailants by meticulously tracking the phone calls routed through the local mobile service towers.Police are working on different theories to track the culprits. Prima facie, the police unofficially maintained that it was a political murder and had nothing to do with involvement of members of ultra-Left organizations against whom Mukhiyaji had recently regrouped the landlords. Bhojpur police maintained that they would also take into account the reported statement of the grandson of Brahmeshwar Singh in a TV interview, alleging the role of a ruling party MLA in the killing.Mukhiyaji, according to police records, was involved in 17 cases of crime, for which he was arrested in the state capital in 2002. After remaining in jail for 9 years, he was released in July 2011. He had contested Lok Sabha election from behind the bars and polled 1.60 lakh votes. Though he had lost the election, the number of votes polled indicated his strong support base.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13754968", "title": "Gujarat SSC result 69.10 per cent", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) on Saturday declared 69.10 per cent result. Last year, the result was 71.06 per cent. Mark sheets will be available to students from their respective schools on June 7.A total 9.26 lakh students had appeared for the exam of which 6.29 lakh students passed. A good 2.81 lakh students have failed in class X boards. This year, 36,409 more students have failed SSC board as compared to 2011.Mathematics is the subject that claimed maximum victims as over 2 lakh students failed in the subject in SSC results. Last year, 1.62 lakh students had failed in maths subject. This despite maths paper reportedly not difficult and 50 marks worth paper was objective type in nature. In science and technology, 1.68 lakh students have failed.Maths also has the highest number of students who scored below 20 marks. About 98,000 students who appeared for SSC exams have scored below 20 marks in maths paper. Last year, this number was 73,618.Number-crunching subject also took a toll on number of students who had scored 100 on 100. The number of students who scored cent per cent in maths has dipped from 4,576 in 2011 to 3,246 in 2012. This year, 1,330 less students scored 100 on 100 in maths.Senior maths teacher V S Patel said most students do not understand application of maths and instead learn by rote. \"Many students go to the extent of mugging entire sums. The situation is particularly in rural areas where most students score 2, 5 or 10 marks underlining complete lack of understanding,\" Patel said.Officer on Special Duty (OSD) M Arif Khan Pathan said up to five grace marks were given to 75,000-80,000 students. \"Otherwise the result would have been far more lower,\" Pathan said.He attributed the low result also to high number of private students who appeared in SSC exams this year. \"This year, highest 40,000 students have appeared as private students. Of these, 25,000 students have failed contributing three per cent to the failure rate,\" Pathan said. Usually, 10,000 to 15,000 students have appeared as private students annually in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13758582", "title": "Revenue officer in Anti-Corruption Bureau dragnet", "text": "YAVATMAL: Sleuths of Yavatmal Anti-Corruption Bureau caught a revenue circle officer of Fulsavangi village in Mahagaon tehsil on Friday evening in his office while accepting a bribe of Rs 1,500 from a farmer of Tembhi. According to ACB sources, there was a dispute on a farm road between Pandit Wankhede and Vishnu Gawande for the last couple of years. Wankhede lodged a complaint with tehsildar of Mahagaon and the subdivisional officer of Pusad and requested them to resolve the road dispute. Accordingly, the tehsildar sent his naib tehsildar CN Kumbhalkar for spot inspection.After getting the report, the tehsildar on October 12, 2011 ordered the revenue circle officer Ramrao Ingle to serve notices to all the concerned farmers. But, there was no response from the Ingle who kept the work pending.Finally, Wankhede approached Ingle in his office to know why notices were not issued. Ingle gave lame excuses for the delay and demanded Rs 2,000 to expedite the work. After bargaining, Wankhede agreed to pay Rs 1,500.Wankhede went Yavatmal and lodged a complaint with the ACB. The ACB officers laid a trap in the Mahagaon tehsil office and sent Wankhede with marked currency notes. They caught Ramrao Ingle in his office itself while accepting the bribe. The ACB team led by police inspector Vaibhav Jadhav arrested the accused after registering criminal offence under relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act and seized the marked notes from him. Later they handed over the accused to Mahagaon police for further investigation and legal proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13756541", "title": "Lonza fort was unlisted: ASI", "text": "NASHIK: The two trekkers, Hemant Pokhrankar and Rajan Mahajan, searched for information about Lonza fort in records and gazettes but could not find it. Having failed to get any details about it from the official records, the duo set off to get a first-hand look into it.The local villagers informed the trekkers that the hill was of a religious significance to them and they visited the Mahadev taka to pay their respects during Shravan. They also informed the trekkers that no one else visited the hill and it was known as Mahadev taka for them. The trekkers found that the villagers are mainly Banjara, Pardeshi, Patil and Bhil.\"The postal address of this place is Lonza Shivar-Nagad, taluka Kannad, district Aurangabad. Apart from a passing reference of one Longha hill in the Aurangabad gazette, there is no information about the fort on the hill. So, the fort can be called unknown and undiscovered,\" they said.Pokhrankar and Mahajan took measurements of all the parts of the fort on their own. The absence of graffiti also revealed that no one apart from villagers went there. Some recent concrete steps were seen.Conservation assistant of the Archaeological Survey of India, Nashik sub-circle, B B Sukhdeve, after confirming with the ASI office, Auranagbad circle, said that the fort is not listed in the Central, state or national records. \"The credit, therefore, goes to the trekkers who discovered it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753514", "title": "UP Power Corporation Limited launches load checking exercise in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav emphasised on a better revenue recovery as a solution to fund crunch faced by the state government, the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) went into an overdrive by launching a load checking exercise in the state capital on Saturday.In the first phase, the drive was launched in the posh Gomtinagar locality where the squad checked the load of 135 consumers, out of which 19 consumers were found to have more load than what they had got sanctioned.The consumers have been asked to get the right load sanctioned or face action. Chairman, UPPCL, Avanish Awasthi said that the drive will essentially focus those areas from where complaints of transformer developing snags are reported.At the same time, another squad raided Dubagga locality following complaints of power theft in the area. On Saturday, the complaints were found to be true. The squad got an FIR registered against 45 consumers.The corporation, at the same time, will start replacing the electricity cables from Hardoi road to Balaganj and from Awadh hospital to Chander Nagar power sub-station. Likewise, Hussainganj will also have a higher capacity transformer of 5MVA to ensure a better power supply.The UPPCL has also proposed to set up a new 33 KV sub-station in Mahanagar so that the area receives an uninterrupted power supply.Awasthi said that the corporation has set the target of providing 50 thousand new connections to the power consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13770193", "title": "Change system of selecting CEC: Advani to PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior BJP leader LK Advani on Sunday wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on electoral reforms.Asking for changes in the system of selection, Advani sought a new collegium to pick the Chief Election Commissioner (CEC).Advani said, \"Present system of selection does not enjoy people's confidence.\"He further suggested that the collegium should consist of Prime Minister, Chief Justice of India, law minister and leaders of opposition in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13758601", "title": "Punjab pushes growth backward: Statistics", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Pompous claims of the SAD BJP government regarding Punjab's growth rate, in the election year, have fallen flat with the release of data available with the ministry of statistics. While the government had painted a rosy picture of the state galloping ahead in 2011-2012 at 8%, evidently to woo voters, has cut a sorry figure at 5.8% growth rate, a fortnight before its first budget of the second tenure.Trailing in the end, Punjab has been placed in the list of laggard states, and pegged among the bottom five along with Nagaland , Arunachal, UP and Andaman. Significantly, the growth rate has slipped to the lowest in last five years of the Badal regime, and was lower than India's GDP growth of 6.5% in 2011-2012.What would be of even more concern to those in the seats of power is the fact that according to the advance estimates of state's Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) prepared by the planning department, the fall in growth has been due to poor performance of both primary and the secondary sector.Sources in the planning department, busy compiling data for the presentation of this year's budget within three weeks, said the primary sector which includes agriculture, forestry , fishing, besides mining and quarrying grew at low of -0.04%. The services sector including transport, railways, communication, real estate , banking, insurance, trade, hotels and restaurants and storage, slipped to 6.69%.SAD finance minister Upinderjit Kaur, in the last budget which was last in the previous tenure, had claimed on the floor of the assembly that the growth rate in 2011-2012 will be \"better than 7.78%\".However, the present finance minister, Parminder Singh Dhindsa, who is expected to present his first budget within three weeks, is now faced with the task of returning borrowed feathers.\"The FM has admitted that nearly Rs 2,000 crore were mismanaged out of central funds. The plan performance this year has been just 67%. While Bihar has gone the Punjab way in terms of growth, Punjab has gone the Bihar way as far as poor law and order and criminalization of politics is concerned,\" said Sunil Jakhar, leader of opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13758773", "title": "Construction on Priyanka Vadra's dream house starts anew", "text": "SHIMLA: After being razed to the ground in August last year, construction of Priyanka Vadra's dream house in high security Chharabra area of Shimla has started again. Some changes have been made in the interiors and exteriors of the proposed two-and-a-half storey structure that would be in sync with the hill architecture. Tucked away in the hills, the dream project of Priyanka is taking shape in the lush green surroundings, supporting cherry and apple trees.Construction work started last week after changes were made in the design. Two months back, Priyanka had visited the site during which she had held detailed discussions with architects about the construction of her dream house. Priyanka had bought four-and-a-half bighas of land in Chharabra for the purpose.Sources close to Gandhi family told TOI that after two storeys were razed to the ground in August last year, now the construction has started again, with many changes. Instead of cement, now more wood would be used in the construction. \"Size of rooms has been reduced while foundation too has been dug deeper to strengthen the structure. The rooftop would be covered entirely with slates in accordance with hill architecture,\" sources said.In the earlier structure, the drawing room was not liked by Priyanka due to its smaller size. This has been taken care of in the new design. \"All required permissions from concerned authorities have been obtained and now the entire focus is on speeding up construction work,\" sources said.Since the area is considered a high-security zone, it was only after permission from the President that Priyanka Vadra was allowed to construct a cottage. Priyanka's plot is located next to The Retreat, a summer holiday resort of the President.Dubbed as the dream project of Priyank Vadra, the construction work in past had failed to shape up in accordance with her expectations, which forced her to order its demolition. Sources said the new design of the cottage has impressed her and this time, it seems her dream project would finally take shape.To ensure completion of construction work without any obstacle, the labourers held a special puja here before starting the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13771402", "title": "Aamir should not apologize: Tannishtha", "text": "The actor feels that Aamir Khan has not defamed the medical professionThe Indian Medical Association (IMA) on Saturday has demanded an immediate apology from Aamir Khan, accusing him of having defamed the medical profession in the May 27 episode of \" Satyamev Jayate \" and warned him of legal action if he didn't do so. While some doctors have raised a hue and cry over the episode, actor Tannishtha Chatterjee has come in defence of Aamir Khan.\"He should not apologize to IMA. What Aamir talked about in his show was about malpractices in the medical profession. It is very essential to voice our opinions against it. I don't think he defamed honest and noble doctors even one bit. On the contrary, he celebrated them. So many doctors came on his show. I have a lot of doctor friends who supported this show. Honest doctors will absolutely support a voice like this because they themselves are vicand fight this treacherous system all the time. It is the dishonest ones who would be hurt by this.\"If anyone talks about the malpractices in the glamour world, Tannishtha says she will not object to it. \"I also wish that these don't exist. That's the natural reaction from anyone who cares for their profession. And that's the reaction of honest doctors as well. Medical profession is one where we should have zero tolerance because it can save or finish a life. It is sad that such corruption should be allowed to seep into the medical world,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13757528", "title": "West Bengal Pollution Control Board ropes in firms to spread pollution message", "text": "KOLKATA: A slew of events are being organized to create awareness on pollution and its side-effects among schoolkids and college students. But to make industries and civic bodies conscious about this social menace, the West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) has planned to observe World Environment Day on June 5 this year on a grand scale.\"We are asking all stakeholders to come forward as we will be observing World Environment Day this year on a wider scale,\" said environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar.The WBPCB authorities have already sent letters to at least 70 industrial units across the state to observe the event and make industrial workers aware about ill-effects of pollution and inform them about ways to minimize it.\"Letters have been sent to more than 70 industrial units in sectors ranging from power, iron and steel and jute. These units are located in Kolkata, Asansol, Durgapur, Haldia and other places. We want to alert workers on industrial pollution. Proper awareness and knowhow can, for instance, result in effective use of fly ash disposed of by industrial units,\" he said.Officials said till date, observation of World Environment Day has been primarily city-centric. But this time, the programme has been decentralized and spread to the districts as well.In Kolkata, four rallies from different parts of the city will converge at Rabindra Sadan where a programme will be organized. It will be attended by transport minister Madan Mitra, minister for technical education and training Rabi Ranjan Chattopadhyay, state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee and environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar.Schoolchildren will stage a performance on global warming, following which five tableaux will be taken out on city roads. About 3,500 schools across the city and the suburbs will be observing the day under the eco-club programme.In the districts, WBPCB has 10 regional centers across the state that will observe World Environment Day either independently or jointly with schools and civic bodies. \"Already, 90 municipalities of the state have responded to us. They will observe the day in their respective areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752701", "title": "Private clinics in Jaipur resume fetal sonography", "text": "JAIPUR: After a gap of 11 days, private clinics in the city started conducting fetal sonography on Saturday.On May 23, private centres and doctors had stopped conducting fetal sonography after authorities raided these centres and registered cases against 56 of them. Private Hospitals and Nursing Homes Society (PHNHS) president Dr Sanjay Arya said: \"We have started conducting fetal sonography from today.\"He said that the state government has decided to prepare guidelines for installation of active trackers and also to make it compulsory to fill form F online so that the doctors may not make mistakes in filling form F, which is a violation of the pre-conception pre-natal diagnostic techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994.The resumption of fetal sonography has provided relief to the patients. In fact, in the past 11 days, the government hospitals witnessed a huge rush of patients coming for fetal sonography.The doctors claimed that their demand for withdrawal of recently registered cases for violation of PCPNDT has not been addressed. \"The cases which have been filed in courts would be decided by the court,\" he said.Arya said that the private doctors and sonography centres have also submitted applications to the state government that they do not want to offer facilities for fetal sonography. \"There are nearly 40 applications which have been sent to the state government in this matter,\" Arya said.There are nearly 500 sonography centres in the city, including those in government and private sectors. There are 1,864 registered sonography centres in the state.The government has also decided to fix portable machines at one place as they are not allowed at diagnostics centres, a district administration official said. Around ten such portable machines were seized and also surrendered by sonography centres during the campaign against violators of PCPNDT Act in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13750213", "title": "Railway Protection Force steps up drive to curb dangerous travel", "text": "MUMBAI: The Railway Protection Force on Saturday booked 22 persons on the Central line as it renewed its drive against rooftop travelling and those performing stunts on train.Among those booked, one was charged with negligence after he attempted to perform a high-five with travellers on another train. In May, a bystander was killed at Goregaon when some youths on a train tried to perform high-fives another group on a local that was coming from the opposite direction.The RPF had stepped up its drive against dangerous travel after three persons were electrocuted while travelling on the rooftop of trains on the Central line in May. While earlier, a team of 12 RPF personnel was deployed for the job, on Saturday, an additional team of 13 was assigned.\"The additional team comprises three inspectors, three sub-inspectors and seven constables. \"We caught three children, aged between 9 and 14 years, trying to perform stunts on trains. While they have been booked along with the others, our main objective is to make them aware of the risks involved. Therefore, we summoned their parents, who gave them an earful,\" an official said. The trio has been sent to Dongri remand home.RPF officials said their men, wearing civvies, travel with commuters since morning.\"Initially, we board a coach close to the motorman's cabin and keep a watch on commuters travelling in other compartments. If any of them is found to be climbing on the rooftop or performing stunts, we photograph that person. At every station, we move into the next coach, inching closer to the offender before nabbing him. We have to keep in mind that if an offender is alerted about our presence, he might jump off a running local and hurt himself grievously,\" said an officer attached to the patrolling team. \"Ironically, sometimes, co-travellers defend the offenders instead of rebuking them.\"The RPF teams have been instructed to focus on the Harbour line, especially the belt between Chunabhatti and CST, Chembur, Govandi and Wadala sections. \"Among the 342 cases of rooftop travelling lodged in May, 34% offenders were booked on the Chunabhatti-CST stretch. We want to create awareness among commuters that rooftop travelling and stunts are risky and an offence. We also want people to know that it affects railway services,\" said Alok Bohra, senior divisional security commissioner, RPF (CR).The CR general manager has declared a group cash award of Rs 50,000 for the RPF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13786873", "title": "Sachin curious and excited about taking oath as MP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Whenever Sachin Tendulkar is on the field, he is curious and excited - to bat throughout the innings. But as the master blaster prepares to take oath as a Rajya Sabha member on Monday, a source close to him told TOI, he is getting feelings similar to the way he feels when he takes his guard.\"He is curious and excited like he feels on the field,\" the source said.After arriving from Mumbai on Sunday, Tendulkar straightaway headed for the house of IPL chairman Rajeev Shukla, who will accompany him to Parliament House.Tendulkar couldn't take oath earlier because of his IPL commitment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13755238", "title": "Now, dial 108 to get home from hospital", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Soon, old ambulances of the 108 service will be available for dropping patients back home from hospitals. The health department has determined that about 100 ambulances have outlived their usefulness and has decided to pull them out of active 108 duties.These are the ambulances that will be used for dropping patients. Health minister Jaynarayan Vyas said that these ambulances would be deployed to transfer patients home especially in rural areas. He said that in rural areas, under the Chiranjivi Yojna the government was giving Rs 200 as transportation allowance to women who had delivered babies so that they can reach home from hospital. Now the 108 services' old ambulances will ensure that newborn babies get home safely.So the government plans to stop granting the allowance. The minister said the intention was not to save money but to curtail misuse. He said that in several instances the money was given to the patient only on paper. \"Women were seen travelling in rickshaws after delivery, which is not a safe mode of transport because it could lead to infections in newborns,\" he said.The GVK EMRI 108 service began operation in the state in August 2007. The service has 506 ambulances. Officials said that according to stipulations, an ambulance has to be replaced if it is five years old.Officials said about 100 vehicles have to be replaced very year. They said that in rural areas, there are at least 10-odd vehicles which are just two years old but have travelled over 3 lakh km. Such vehicles have to be replaced too. A 108 ambulance, on an average, travels about 200 km per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13759131", "title": "Ruckus in Spanco office over power theft raid", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the spectre of load shedding of 5.30 hours is looming over Spanco area due to high losses, some politicians are busy protecting power pilferers completely oblivious to the implications of their act. They do not mind resorting to intimidating tactics to 'protect' the consumers.Nutan Rewatkar, president of NCP's city women's wing, along with her 50 plus supporters created ruckus on Saturday at Spanco's Ganeshpeth office claiming that Angad Singh Khagar, a resident of Untkhana Square, had been framed by the franchisee for power theft.The activists met Spanco vigilance chief YS Rao and demanded that Khagar's power supply be restored immediately. Rao told them as soon as he paid the assessment amount of Rs 84,099 Spanco would reconnect him.However, Rewatkar and Khagar's wife Swati claimed that Spanco had first assessed the amount at Rs 8,294 and had then inflated it taking advantage of his gullibility. Rao strongly refuted the allegations which led to a prolonged heated exchange of words. The NCP activists resorted to slogan shouting for about half an hour and then left issuing veiled threats.Spanco had checked the meter of Angad Singh on May 24 which was found to be tampered. The squad prepared a panchnama and assessed the theft amount at Rs 84,099. Angad Singh was asked to sign the necessary documents which he did. However, on May 26, his wife Swati came to Spanco office with him and alleged that Spanco had framed him.\"Our vigilance officials took the couple to our laboratory and tested the meter in their presence. Mrs Khagar claimed that her meter could not be so slow and started pounding it. This damaged the meter and it stopped functioning. The lady then rushed out of the laboratory and started screaming that Spanco had framed them,\" Kaustubh Dhavse, Spanco's senior vice-president, charged.Rewatkar has, however, a completely different take on the story. She alleged that only Angad Singh's son Atish was present when the meter was checked. \"Spanco personnel entered the house and noted down the number of electrical appliances which is highly illegal. Moreover, just because you have an appliance doesn't mean that you always use it. The assessment amount was also inflated later.\"Reacting to these allegations, Dhavse pointed out that a power distributor was perfectly within rights to enter a consumer's house and note the electrical appliances. \"As for the assessment amount, it has various components similar to an electricity bill. Rs 8,294 are just one of them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13751137", "title": "Parking woes multiply", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a population of over 12 lakh, Chandigarh is busting at its seams and parking is an area which clearly reflects this exponential growth. To add to the woes is the growth in vehicle population. Given the situation, it's no surprise that parking woes have literally multiplied in the recent past.Residents rue that contractors manning the slots do not inform them about the parking capacity and let everyone park, resulting in haphazard parking. \"Vehicles randomly parked, sometimes in the middle of the parking lot causing chaos, are a common sight. Making things even worse, there are no attendants after 10pm,\" said Sailesh Gupta, a student of BTech IT residing in Sector 35.Even if one manages to enter this parking maze there are no attendants to guide you, said Daisy Kochhar, a resident of Sector 34. She added, \"Most of the times there are no attendants to guide you inside the parking lot, forcing people to park their car in neutral - but only to return and find the car shifted to an unknown location in the parking lot. Worse, in the process two-wheelers are also pushed aside and most of them are found lying on the road blocking the way.\"Manjali Gandhi, a manager at a company in Sector 26, said, \"There is a real need to upgrade the parking capacity of this city. Once that is done, then the authorities should have rules and regulations in place so that there is no mismanagement and confusion. Also, there should be a separate parking slot for the physically disabled.\"Irked with the routine problem, Chhavi Goyal, who works in a private firm in Sector 8, said, \"I don't get concession even though I am a daily visitor to this sector as I work here. There are no clear rules and guidelines set for these parking contractors.\"Rahil Manawa, a student residing in Sector 35, said, \"Parking lots in city lack basic management. Anyone and everyone are allowed to park whatever way he or she likes. Sometimes people even park one vehicle in place of two as there is no attendant to guide them.\"The sectors which deal with this problem are 35, 8, 22, 19, 34, 9 and Sukhna Lake (Sector 1).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13759582", "title": "Cops find murder weapon from CPM worker's house", "text": "KANNUR: The police have recovered the murder weapon, a knife, that was used to kill Muslim Youth League activist and MSF district leader Abdul Shukkoor at Ariyil near Thaliparamba on February 20.On Saturday, Kannur DySP P Sukumaran displayed the weapon that was seized from the house of CPM Kannapuram branch secretary Sajith KV.The police had arrested Sajith along with two other CPM workers Sumesh KV (27) and E Anoop (32) on Friday. The weapon was recovered in the toolbox of Sajith's motorbike based on the statement of Sumesh.According to police, the knife which can also be used as a torch was hidden in the bushes near the spot of crime for a week. Later the culprits washed and hid it in the toolbox of the bike. Cops said Sajith had also confessed that the knife was hidden in the tool box.The police contend that the arrested trio, and Ganeshan, who was arrested on May 28 and is now in Kannur jail, are the prime accused in the murder though 25 people have been arrested so far.Ganeshan is said to be the kingpin. All the accused arrested so far belong to the CPM, DYFI and SFI, the police said.As per the confessional statement of the accused, Shukkoor was stabbed in the chest by Sumesh K V, which injured his liver.Meanwhile the cops have taken the weapon to the forensic surgeon at Pariyaram Medical College hospital, where Shukkoor's autopsy was conducted. Later it would be sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory in Thiruvananthapuram for chemical analysis test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13750698", "title": "Seminar to bridge police-youth gap", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city police organized a police-public relationship seminar at an educational institute in Model Town to apprise the students of services they can expect from the cops.About 50 students attended the seminar and questioned the cops on several issues.Senior secondary student Preet Lamba asked what could be done to curb eve-teasing in Model Town Extension market. SHO of Model Town Ashok Kumar said the police are trying to narrow down the spots where eve-teasing is a nuisance in order to put these areas under extra vigilance. \"Girls should not hesitate to report incidents of eve teasing,\" he added.Another student, Sugandha Arora, asked about the measures one should practice to avoid challans. \"Proper documentation and practicing safety measures, like wearing helmets, will keep one safe from being fined on the roads,\" said the SHO.Student Abhishek Sharma inquired about the ways to reach the cops in time during emergency and was told to dial 100 when in need. The SHO also discussed how people can use the emergency service effectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753671", "title": "\u2018New version\u2019 of Amausi welcomes flyers on Day 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: Singapore-based businessman, Gagan Mehrotra was expecting the same old drab Amausi airport terminal to greet him on Saturday noon. But, Mehrotra was in for a pleasant surprise and virtually could not believe his eyes, as he got routed into a swanky gigantic building that resembled some of the better, if not the best, airport terminals in the country. Gone are the sheen less walls and the congested space that marked the gateway to Lucknow. What surrounded the passengers instead were some of the better services that they have been craving for quite some time.\"It is indeed pleasant to see Lucknow growing like this,\" said a smiling Mehrotra as he stepped out of the new terminal building that was finally thrown open to public on early hours of Saturday.Officials of the Airport Authority of India have been sweating hard to ensure a smooth opening of the new terminal. And they received a reasonably good response from the passengers. \"The feel of the terminal is good. We hope to see much more facilities in coming days,\" said Rakhi Garg, who had arrived from Mumbai.Passengers, however, complained of some glitches in the luggage delivery system. \"That is an area which needs to be tackled urgently,\" said Yogesh Bandhu, an economist with a government department. \"The flight arrived half an hour ago, but we could not get our luggage in time,\" he said. \"The system is probably not taken care of properly. As a passenger I will first care of my luggage than anything else,\" said Prateek Yadav, a student of Delhi University .Airport director Atul Dikshit said that the delay was because most of the airlines do not have a 'push back' (a trolley that aligns the stationed aircraft accordingly so that luggage can be off loaded). \"We have asked the airlines to make arrangement, so that the problem in luggage delivery system is addressed,\" the director said. Dikshit, however, said that the new terminal has evoked a nice response not only amongst the passengers, but also from the officials. An AAI official said that almost all facilities have been put in place, so that the passengers do not face any problem.Spread over an area of around 20,000 square metres, the three-tier building is proposed to have facilities like internet cafes, duty free shops, cafeteria, snack bars, book shops and jewellery stores. While some of the shops have been occupied others, around the immigration zone, are still vacant. An additional feature that marked the new terminal building is a chikan shop. AAI officials said that gradually all the shops will be occupied.At the same time, the new terminal looked spacious much to the delight of passengers. Constructed an estimated cost of around Rs 120 crore, the terminal is estimated to have enough space to accommodate 750 passengers at any given point of time. These passengers can be accommodated at the ground and the first floor, which also have a lounge connected to two aerobridges that will enable the passengers to walk straight into the aircraft.Serving to the capital of India's most populated state, the new terminal holds much significance. The airport presently caters to over 2.5 lakh fliers every year. It has been witnessing an increase in the number of airlines coming forth to connect it with other cities in India as well as abroad. With the airport witnessing a steady increase - often estimated in the range of 15-20% every year - the need for a new terminal has increasingly been felt. The passenger traffic in the airport is likely to go over 3 lakh by end of current financial year.Meanwhile, the old terminal will be taken up for renovation work anytime next year. The new terminal building will be an integrated terminal, even though Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh during his visit last month had promised of upgrading it to international status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13757657", "title": "Prime Mininster vows steps to curb brain drain", "text": "KOLKATA: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh laid the foundation stone of the unified academic campus of Bose Institute at Salt Lake Sector V on Saturday. He also interacted briefly with young scientists of the institute and promised that the Centre would take steps to ensure enough opportunities for scientists pursuing post doctoral studies within the country. Once this happens, the thinking minds would no longer have to travel to western countries in search of opportunities for study and research.Director of Bose Institute Sivaji Raha explained to the Prime Minister the special importance of the institute, saying it was an institute dedicated to interdisciplinary studies in science. Founder of the institute, Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose, had rightly understood the importance of such interdisciplinary studies in various streams of science. It is interdisciplinary research that helps in mastering the secrets of nature.The Prime Minister unveiled a plaque marking the foundation stone, wrote on the visitors' book of the institute recalling the genius of Jagadish Chandra Bose and spent some minutes with young scientists of the institute in a closed door session. Governor M K Narayanan, Union minister for science and technololgy Vilasrao Deshmukh, state ministers Subrata Mukherjee, Partha Chatterjee and Amit Mitra and Pradesh Congress Committee president Pradip Bhattacharya were present at the programme.An institute spokesperson said the Rajabazar and Kankurgachhi establishments of Bose Institute would shift to the present campus at Sector V after completion of the unified academic campus. This campus was planned to be completed in 2014. Bose Institute had three other establishments, at Falta, Madhyamgram and Darjeeling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13758566", "title": "Vice chancellor flayed for messing up paper leak episode", "text": "NAGPUR: The string of blunders committed by Nagpur University's administration, especially while handling the sensational BCCA paper leak has invited intense criticism from senior academicians. They have flayed vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and his team along with members on the NU's statutory bodies for totally messing up the affairs and bringing much disgrace to the university. However, VC had already left for Mumbai for three-week sojourn to Germany while his secretary Pradip Biniwale refused to comment stating that the decision was taken unanimously by the NU's Board of Examinations (BoE) and VC had only endorsed it.Former VC Haribhau Kedar slammed Sapkal for committing blunders one after another apparently to cover up the loopholes. \"All this clearly proves that the VC is incapable of running the administration. It's sheer foolishness on the part of administration to try to cover up their goof-ups which resulted in paper leak,\" he remarked.He added that administration should have got alerted the day when paper leak issue was exposed by the media and acted promptly by ordering re-examination. \"But here, the NU head had embarked on the vacation leaving the institution in a lurch at such a critical stage. This, itself shows how serious is the administration in resolving this issue which has brought utter disgrace to the institution,\" Kedar said.Endorsing him, former senate member Dhananjay Mandlekar, who dominated the House for decades, criticized NU's decision to withdraw FIR. He had also written a letter to Sapkal and personally handed it over to him. \"I am pained to read that the FIR filed by NU on April 23, following Sanjay Khadakkar committee's confirmation that question papers had been leaked, is to be withdrawn,\" he mentioned in the letter, a copy of which is in possession of TOI.\"Never before in the university's history was such a decision taken. Police authorities openly say that NU officials did not cooperate in the investigations, and then NU officials decide by a majority vote to withdraw the FIR,\" he added.Mandlekar further stated that decision to withdraw FIR was intended solely to protect the guilty and raised doubts on its decision making process. \"You are well aware that NU had to face an ignominy in 1999 in what is popularly known as 'Kohchade scandal', the scarce of which haunts the institution even today. With great efforts somehow, NU has limped out of it in recent years. But such actions are a warning that the university might slip into that dark age again,\" the senior member lamented.Mandlekar asked Sapkal to ensure that the BCCA (Business law) result should not be declared as the FIR cannot be withdrawn. \"In such situations, the administration invariably had cancelled the exam as the first measure but your action palpably suffers from objective credibility,\" he told Sapkal in the letter.\"It gives an inkling that the same is intended to protect somebody, which does not go well with the high office that you have been given to occupy by the chancellor's office,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13755731", "title": "Manohar Parrikar asks the board of directors of Goa state cooperative bank to resign", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has asked the board of directors of Goa state cooperative bank (GSCB), the apex cooperative bank, to resign in view of an adverse report given by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard).Official sources said Parrikar intends to appoint an administrator to run the bank. Ramchandra Mule is the chairman of the bank. Nabard, in its report, has made 24 adverse observations about the bank, sources said.Interestingly, there was change of guard at GSCB after the BJP government came to power in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758507", "title": "Tempo hits 2-wheeler, kills college student", "text": "PUNE: A 20-year-old college student was killed after a speeding tempo hit her motorcycle outside Pandit Agashe school on Law College Road on Friday evening.The student, Tejal Kanchan Zape, of Gokhale Cross Society in Model Colony, Shivajinagar was going towards Nal stop from Symbiosis College.According to sub-inspector V N Pansare, the driver of the Tempo going from Nal stop chowk to Symbiosis College lost control over the vehicle and rammed the motorcycle at 5.30 pm. The victim was rushed to a nearby private hospital, but proclaimed dead on arrival.Pansare said Tempo driver Vinay Avinash Shivtare (27), a resident of Dhankawadi, was arrested for reckless driving under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Motor Vehicle Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "forbesganj", "code": "13753586", "title": "Union home secretary reviews checkpost work", "text": "FORBESGANJ: Union home secretary R K Singh and Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) DG Pranay Sahay reviewed the work going on the integrated check post (ICP) at Jogbani. The ICP will help facilitate trade between India and Nepal and also keep an eye on trans-border smuggling and other such nefarious activities.The ICP at Jogbani is the third such check post along India's borders with Nepal and Pakistan. One such ICP is at Wagah on India-Pakistan border in western side. Two other ICPs are coming up at Raxaul and Jogbani in Bihar. Singh and Sahay are believed to have discussed a slew of new problems cropping up in Nepal.Those who were present at the meeting included Araria superintendent of police (SP) Shivdeep Lande, 24th SSB commandant A K C Singh and a host of officials. Singh told newsmen that the ICP at Jogbani would become functional by the end of 2012. He said the government was seized with the recurrent problem of encroachment of 'No-man's-land' alongside Bihar-Nepal border, and said officials on both the sides regularly met to address the problem. The home secretary, however, parried questions about the resurgence of ultras activities on Nepal side following the political instability prevailing in the landlocked Himalayan nation.It is significant that the IG of SSB, Patna, Aditya Mishra, and Purnia SSB DIG, P K Singh, made a visit to the border early this week, and took stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13756627", "title": "Task force to decide Mapusa's future will meet in week's time: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "MAPUSA: The task force for the development of Mapusa will be set up within a week's time which will look after the comprehensive development planning for Mapusa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Saturday.The chief minister held a meeting with officials of the concerned departments including PWD, fire and emergency service, electricity, traffic, police, Mapusa municipal council chairperson and the councillors, local MLA and the urban development minister Francis D'Souza to hear the grievances of Mapusa residents.Briefing mediapersons, Parrikar said that the task force for the development of Mapusa will be set up within a week's time which will propose development plans for the town.\"The earlier task force notifications will be revived with some modifications. Task force will not have to sit for a long time. Complete comprehensive suggestions should be compiled within three months time,\" Parrikar said. \"Urgent needs of Mapusa will be implemented with the help of the task force which will prepare comprehensive development plan of Mapusa city and it should be ready by September,\" Parrikar added.Urban development minister Francis D'Souza said that important projects like market, parking facility, bus stand, Ravindra Bhavan, space for government offices, community hall, joggers park, connecting roads, ring roads, etc, will be decided by the task force.\"Only 11-12 sq km of open space is left in Mapusa. The task force will prepare the base plan how to develop Mapusa. The planning and development authority will look after planning and the task force for the development of Mapusa will suggest various needs of the town,\" D'Souza said. Opposing the Ravindra Bhavan at Khorlim, Parrikar said that it should come up in the outskirts of the city. \"The Ravindra Bhavan will worsen the traffic congestion in already-crowded Khorlim. There will be a problem of road blocks. It should come up in a suitable place. The task force will decide on it,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13775511", "title": "The youngest child actor to bag an award", "text": "6 year old Raj Bhanushali who plays the title role in Bal Hanuman won the Best Child Actor Award.Master Raj Bhanushali famously known as Bal Hanuman of Sahara One's Jai Jai Jai Bajrangbali, is only 6 years old but has already made his mark on the Indian television. With his tremendous acting skills he essays the role of Bal Hanuman with elan.At the recently concluded Television Industry's most prestigious award ceremony, The Indian Telly Awards - Raj bagged the highly coveted Best Child Actor Award. At such a tender age, his excellent acting skills, innocence coupled with passion and divine virtuousness for his character of Bal Hanuman on Sahara One, have clearly touched the hearts of millions of viewers, leading him to win this much deserved award.He is the brightest shining star amongst other bright stars like - Bhavya Gandhi (Tipendra - Tarak Mehta Ka Oolta Chasma - SAB TV), Paras Arora (Shivaji Maharaj - Veer Shivaji - Colors), Aryan Sharma (Chotu - Dia Aur Baati Hum - Star Plus) and Rushiraj Pawar (Chandragupt Maurya- Chandragupt Maurya - Imagine TV) in the category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13748642", "title": "Roadside kiosks razed to ground", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The demolition drive of Allahabad Municipal Corporation was conducted at Zero Road on Saturday. Nearly 30 small roadside kiosks were razed to ground in the demolition drive. The demolition squad of AMC comprising bulldozers, trucks and JCB machines arrived at the Zero Road. The demolition started from Swaroop Rani Park on the Zero Road and many roadside kiosks selling shoes and other items were demolished. Some of the small shops near the Ajanta talkies were also removed. Later, the demolition squad proceeded towards the Zero Road Bus Stand. Many small tea shops and several kiosks selling different products around the bus stand were bulldozed. The tea shop owners tried to resist the demolition process but theirAfter that, the demolition squad proceeded towards Shiv Charan Lal Road and arrived near the Laxman market. About 10 roadside gumtis which have proliferated outside the Laxman Market selling mobile phones and other electronic items were razed. The drive was led by zonal officer Sunit Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750285", "title": "VVIP prisoners splurge on mineral water, soft drinks", "text": "HYDERABAD: The blazing hot sun is proving to be a great leveller this summer at Chanchalguda prison. VVIPs, used to a life of comfort, are using most of the money they are entitled to spend on buying bottles of mineral water and soft drinks. This is the only way they can cool themselves.Prison sources reveal that almost all the 11 VVIP inmates are spending the entire Rs 3000 per month on buying chilled water. None of them seems to be interested in buying packed food items as their families who regularly visit them are getting them what they want.Former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana, who is lodged in the jail in the Jagan assets case, has Rs 2,000 in his prisoners' private account. Though Rs 4,000 was deposited in his account, sources said, YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy did not approach the jail authorities for the tokens that he can use to buy things from the canteen.\"The other prisoners in the special class barrack are keeping him supplied with what he needs,\" a jail source informed.Nimmagadda Prasad always carries water bottles with him whenever he is summoned by CBI for questioning. The other special class prisoners in the jail include Brahmananda Reddy, Koneru Prasad, Sunil Reddy, Vijayaraghavan, B P Acharya, Nookarapu Surya Prakash and Srinivas Reddy. The canteen facilities can be availed even by ordinary prisoners. Sources say that ordinary prisoners who are placed at the service of their VVIP counterparts are given some tokens by the latter to buy things for themselves at the canteen.Meanwhile, on Saturday, Mopidevi's family came to the jail for the first time to meet him after he was put behind bars. They said his health was not all that good but he was adjusting to the jail life. Jagan was confined to his cell in the special class barrack all day-long. It was only in the evening when his lawyers came around 4.15 pm, that he was given access to anyone. The advocates had come to tell him that his plea for bail had been rejected by the high court and that from Sunday, his custody would be given to CBI for questioning. His advocate told the media that they would not approach the Supreme Court against the high court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13773315", "title": "Premature babies suffer mental problems later in life", "text": "Babies who are born prematurely may have an increased risk of a range of mental health problems, researchers have revealed.Bipolar disorder, depression and psychosis were all more likely, the study in The Archives of General Psychiatry suggested.Full-term pregnancies last for around 40 weeks, but one in 13 babies are born prematurely, before 36 weeks.Researchers at the Institute of Psychiatry at King's College London and the Karolinska Institute in Sweden analysed data from 1.3m people born in Sweden between 1973 and 1985.They found 10,523 people were admitted to hospital with psychiatric disorders, and 580 of those had been born prematurely.The academics showed full-term children had a two in 1,000 chance of being admitted. The risk was four in 1,000 for premature babies born before 36 weeks and six in 1,000 for those born before 32 weeks.Very premature babies were more than seven times more like to have bipolar disorder and nearly three times as likely to have depression.One of the researchers, Dr Chiara Nosarti, said the real figures might be higher as milder conditions would not have needed a hospital visit.However, she cautioned that the risk was low and the vast majority of premature babies are perfectly healthy.\"I don't think parents should be worried, but we know that preterm birth confers an increased vulnerability to a variety of psychiatric conditions and perhaps parents should be aware of this and monitor early signs of later more serious problems,\" she told the BBC.She speculates that \"disrupted development\" may affect the babies' brains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "baramulla (jammu and kashmir)", "code": "13782184", "title": "Tendulkar will make contribution in Rajya Sabha also: Dhoni", "text": "BARAMULLA (Jammu and Kashmir): Indian cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Sunday said that his senior team-mate Sachin Tendulkar will make a contribution as a Rajya Sabha member also.\"This (Rajya Sabha) is a new avenue for him and I am sure he will do well and contribute there also,\" Dhoni, who is here as part of his visit to the forward area of the Line of Control (LoC), told reporters, 55 kms from Srinagar.Dhoni, who was inducted as an honorary Lt Colonel in the Army last year, said Tendulkar has excelled in cricket and in whatever he has done so far.\"I would like to wish him all the very best. He has been contributing in cricket and has done well in every field,\" Dhoni said.Dhoni's comments came a day ahead of Tendulkar making his debut in the Upper House of the Parliament.Tendulkar, who turned 39 recently and was nominated to the Upper House in April, is scheduled to take oath as member of Rajya Sabha by chairman Hamid Ansari on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13748623", "title": "Group-D exam: Extra coaches to ease aspirants' rush", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The fourth phase of Group-D examination of North Central Railways would be conducted on Sunday. About 1.3 lakh candidates would appear in the examination. The railway administration has made adequate arrangements for adding extra coaches in trains to ease passenger rush.Informing this, public relations officer of North Central Railway Manzar Karrar said that train number 54104 Allahabad-Chunar passenger has been extended upto Mughalsarai on June 3. Further, the train will halt at the stations of Kailhut, Ahraura Road, Jeonathpur and reach Mughalsarai station at about 11:00 pm.One extra sleeper coach would be augmented in train number 15159 Sarnath Express from Allahabad for the benefit of the candidates. One additional sleeper coach would also be augmented in train number 15003/15004 Chauri Chaura Express on June 3. Further, rakes of train would also be stationed at Allahabad which would be utilized according to the requirement.The examination for recruiting candidates on various posts of Group D will be conducted in two meetings.The first meeting will start at about 9:30 am and would continue till 12:30 pm while the second meeting will commence at 2:30 pm and continue till 4:30 pm.The examination will be conducted at numerous centres spread across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13771507", "title": "Scared by a spoof? You\u2019ve got to be kidding me!", "text": "Whether it is Mamata Banerjee's recent crackdown on a comic strip or the new legal guidelines that allow touchy readers to have objectionable content taken down, what you say online is under scrutiny. What, then, will happen to news satire websites?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13752309", "title": "Use MLA, MP funds for open spaces, says Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation", "text": "MUMBAI: With around Rs 93,000 crore needed to develop Mumbai's green lungs, the BMC is urging elected representatives to loosen their purse strings and divert a chunk of MP, MLA funds towards maintenance of open spaces. Over the years, the BMC has lost open land either because it failed to generate adequate funds or did not acquire the plots on time.\"It is not possible for the civic body to maintain each plot on its own,\" BMC chief Sitaram Kunte said.\"For example, Carter Road promenade was restored using Shabana Azmi's MP local area development fund, while the Juhu beach revamp was aided by both Azmi and Hema Malini. If more MPs and legislators lend us a hand it will benefit the city,\" he added. According to a development plan department study conducted in 2011, the civic body will have to construct 8.26 lakh tenements to house encroachers removed from the open spaces. Kunte said he also wanted to improve the condition of pavements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13748790", "title": "Allahabad shocker for Rita Joshi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In political terms, it would perhaps appear to be a virtual \"farewell\" for the state Congress chief in her hometown where the meeting of the Core Committee set up to select party mayoral candidate on Friday overwhelmingly rejected the name proposed by the UPCC chief and instead put forward a name which till now was not even discussed remotely in party circles.For Joshi detractors, this would seem to be a major victory, given the fact that through this decision they appear to have sent a clear signal to the UPCC chief to stay away from the affairs of the city. A local party leader, on condition of anonymity, said: \"It's time that she focuses on Lucknow from where she is an MLA and is expected to contest the parliamentary elections also.\"Sharing the information with TOI, a senior party leader said that the meeting of the Core Committee was convened on Friday to discuss the names of party candidates for the post of mayor. As the meeting went underway, it was learnt that a group of its members, including some former Union ministers, MP's and a former civil servant, had reportedly rejected the name of Mahila Congress leader and a degree college lecturer, Satya Pandey, put forward by Joshi.The Core Committee members reportedly rejected the name of Pandey citing several reasons, including her \"comparatively weak political background\", which caught the UPCC chief and her supporters by surprise. However, they were in no position to oppose the decision of the panel as majority of the members voted overwhelmingly against the candidature of Pandey.As the UPCC chief and her supporters were trying to do some damage control on Saturday, it came to be known that some Core Committee members, including former Union minister Satya Prakash Malviya, city mayor Chaudhary Jitendra Nath Singh, City North Congress MLA Anugrah Narayan Singh and former MP Dharam Raj Singh Patel have reportedly given their assent to the name of Shri Wadhawan, wife of former mayor Ravi Bhushan Wadhawan, as their choice.This has left Joshi camp with no choice except to wait for the final verdict from the party high command since the meeting was conducted in the presence of AICC observer and MP Vinay Pandey.What was disheartening for the Joshi camp was the fact that party city unit also chose to remain a silent spectator to the proceedings and only intervened to announce that name of Wadhawan would also be sent to party general secretary Rahul Gandhi for final approval.Contacted by TOI, former Union minister and senior Congress leader Satya Prakash Malviya said\" \"It is for the party to decide as to who is going to be the official candidate. But certainly the name of Wadhawan is being talked about in party circles.\"\"Her energy should now be concentrated on her own assembly constituency rather than Allahabad,\" he added. On the other hand, another senior party leader, Abhay Awasthi, said: \"The turn of events is very surprising. Now, it is for the party higher-ups to decide.\" Repeated attempts to contact Joshi on the issue failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13756606", "title": "2 murder accused caught in police operation", "text": "NASHIK: Two persons wanted in different murder cases were detained during a combing operation by the Zone 2 police on Saturday. The accused have been identified as Bharat Karde and Laxman Ananda Reddy, both of whom have cases against them.The Zone 2 of the city police commissionerate took up a combing operation in the infamous Bajrangwadi area of Nashik Road on Saturday morning. Seven officials and 80 police personnel were involved in this operation. During the operation, cops also seized about 30 to 40 two-wheelers belonging to locals that were being driven without the requisite documents.At one place, eight vehicles without documents were found with the same person.DCP D S Swami said that the vehicles will be released only after the concerned owners produce the documents for their vehicles. The DCP also said he had talked to the residents of the area to gauge their problems and told them that the police department was vigilant and always there for their safety and security.He said everyone was free to contact him in case of an emergency or serious matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13753779", "title": "Bhopal Divisional Cricket Association infighting comes out in open", "text": "BHOPAL: Close on the heels of Bhopal's only player in IPL Mohnish Mishra was exposed in a TV sting operation, the Bhopal Divisional Cricket Association (BDCA) finds itself in the middle of another unpleasant development: infighting among its office-bearers.Talking to the media persons, BDCA chairman Arif Aqueel on Saturday accused association president Dhruv Narayan Singh of deliberately cancelling the elections to save his position. \"Dhruv is playing politics. We won't allow anyone to play politics in cricket.\" The controversy began after president called off elections to the new executive body and annual general meeting, scheduled on June 1 as the Dhurv camp claimed that registration of the association had expired in 2000.In his letter to the association, Aqueel claimed that the assistant registrar had only pointed out that the registration had lapsed in 2000 and there was no mention of elections.He demanded that BCDA president apologise to cricketers of Bhopal for his alleged derogatory remarks against former secretary late Dr Shafquat Mohammad Khan.\"He made such uncalled for remarks against a person who worked hard all his life for raising cricket to a higher level,\" Aqueel alleged.Raising questions over the legality of the last two elections in the light of registration being cancelled, Aqueel said, Singh deliberately concealed several facts.\"Afraid of losing the elections, Singh went on cancelling the elections, a step which would opposed by everyone in Bhopal,\" Aqueel said. We will go to the court and all higher authorities against the unilateral decision by Singh, Aqueel added. Aqueel demanded the immediate formation of had-hoc committee to run the affairs of BDCA.However, Singh claimed that he cancelled the polls as per rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753777", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation, UP Jal Nigam team to assess sewer, drainage network", "text": "LUCKNOW: After deciding to rope in the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur to assess the civic works done under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, the municipal top brass has decided to constitute a committee of officials from LMC and the UP Jal Nigam to asses the works before the sewer and drainage network is set for use.The team comprising officials from the Lucknow Jal Sansthan will coordinate with their counterparts from Jal Nigam to see for the malfunctioning or the leakages in the system, if any. Municipal commissioner, NP Singh said that the officials will be submitting a report in case of any anomalies. The infrastructure that was laid under the Centre's flagship scheme will eventually be transferred to the LJS which is under LMC. \"It is therefore needed that the work done be inspected and assessed by the LJS,\" Singh said.The committee will be assessing of the drainage and the sewer works were done as per the sanctioned design. Likewise, the team will also be submitting a report on the quality of materials that were used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13753780", "title": "This Environment Day, a tale Kashmiris can be proud of", "text": "World Environment Day is upon us again and it is time to check for all those unfulfilled eco-promises we made last year. It is also time to cheer for all that the merry band of green people have done last year to help the planet a bit. But let us not forget those frustrating moments when you put your head in your hands and wonder what you did to inherit the planet in this shape.A moment such as this occurred when i heard a mountain fable, told time and again for over a hundred years, reappearing over the Banihal pass and making its way into the plains of India. For about as far as a northern Indian of today can remember, Kashmiri traders have sold shawls to the well-to-do ladies of the region - from pashminas that are immaculately handcrafted to that sleight-of-the-hand shahtoosh which passed through rings before unbelieving clientele. Nobody stopped to see the size of the ring. Even fewer bothered to check the provenance of the wool that went into the king of shawls.The story was a magical one, of herdsmen collecting wool from the high mountains of Tibet and woven painstakingly by Kashmiri womenfolk into these 'oh-so-soft' creations. Indeed, the latter was absolutely true. Kashmiri shawl-making is among the wonders of the valley. However, the fact that the wool came from the highly endangered Tibetan antelope which was poached and the wool smuggled illegally was never part of the story till the early '90s. When alerted by the eminent conservationist George Schaller who came across this when studying the mammals of Tibet, a few people like us took up cudgels on behalf of the animal in India. It was a four-pronged approach, and the 20 years that have passed by have had twists and turns as treacherous as the ones that the smugglers use to bring their illegal bounty into India over the Himalayan massifs.First, to find the truth, in September 2009, an expedition set out to Tibet and Nepal . The investigation showed that the animals were being killed. It filmed people who admitted smuggling the wool to India. Secondly, the Indian and J&K; governments were lobbied (and internationally at CITES). Shahtoosh trade was eventually banned in the country. Simultaneously, there was zealous participation in a high-voltage \"shahtoosh is unfashionable\" campaign led by Ritu Kumar . It exhibited alternatives to shahtoosh in three consecutive Lakme India Fashion Weeks. Which brings us to the fourth and oft-ignored approach.A wildlife conservation organization's job is to save endangered species. But knowing the human dimensions of it is important too. So a census tabulating the socio-economic issues of the state's shahtoosh workers in 2001-02, spearheaded by a well-known London School of Economics' academic, was undertaken. Soon, the Kashmir Handmade Pashmina Promotion Trust (KHPPT) was created. It helped produce an alternative to shahtoosh which was high-quality pashmina. This wonderful product, Pashm-e-shahi, had been imbued with all seven colours of the rainbow. It is an all-natural handicraft, conservation and animal-friendly. It is also gender-balancing as the spinners are women , helping preserve the cultural and art heritage of Kashmir. Most importantly, it is a fair trade product, a peace product that brings hope in a conflict zone.The only group that continued the tirade against the truth were traders who profited from shahtoosh. Using trade councils, governmental fora and media, they continue to insist that theirs is a harmless heritage product, despite unilateral agreement in 2004-05 by a textile ministry committee that the best solution for Kashmiri artisans was to look into the alternatives.We know therefore the five truths about this story. Endangered animals are killed to make this product. The trade has been illegal from 1972 when the species was protected and most definitely from May 2002 when the official ban came into being in J&amp;K.; The species cannot be farmed and if it were the wool would bear no likeness to that produced on high-altitude pastures. There is a viable alternative for the former shahtoosh workers to gain sustenance. The world market has moved away from illegally-sourced clandestine commodities to eco-friendly, fair trade products.So here we are on World Environment Day 2012. The Tibetan antelope is steadily increasing its population in Tibet. In India, too, a small population is doing well in Ladakh. The Kashmiri workers who had a real stake in the shahtoosh business as weavers and spinners have a viable alternative that needs state support. This is one story that Kashmiris can feel legitimately proud of as they have not only contributed to the survival of an endangered species but have also rediscovered the magic of handwoven pashmina. Can that magic remain untarnished? We can only hope.The writer is executive director, Wildlife Trust of India and regional director - South Asia , International Fund for Animal Welfare", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13748945", "title": "Forest body to help market medicinal herbs for tribals", "text": "RANCHI: The Indian Council of Forest Research and Education (ICFRE) will develop medicinal plants in Jharkhand in a scientific way to help market them properly. This will help tribals who use these plants to cure illness and also for business purpose.ICFRE director V K Bahuguna said a research for the same would begin soon. Bahuguna was addressing a press conference here on Saturday. An autonomous body of the Union forest and environment ministry, the council is an apex body in the national forestry research system. It has been undertaking the holistic development of forestry research through need based planning, promoting, conducting and coordinating research, education and extension covering all aspects of forestry.More than five to 10 species of medicinal plants will be studied under the programme. It is a national research programme that will target several states, Bahuguna said. \"We aim to help tribals get more livelihood opportunities by supporting their endeavour with scientific research and promotion. The demand for medicinal plants is also growing,\" he added.Bahuguna was in city to lay the foundation stone of Institute of Forest Productivity (IFP)'s training, education and extension building and interpretation centre for lead garden at Lalgutwa here. Bahuguna, who arrived here on May 31, was on four-day visit to various forestry research institutions and forest areas in Jharkhand.The ICFRE chief, who took stock of the situation of plantation by tribals during his visit, said, \"Technology should be used to empower tribal farmers. If tribals are provided with superior planting technology, it can change their lives.\"The ICFRE has recently launched innovative scheme 'Direct to Customer' for immediate transfer of technology on completion of a research project for effective transfer of technology developed by scientists.Tribals living in forests play a crucial role in its development. There is a need to properly study the dynamics of change and make plans accordingly, he said adding that forest development will mitigate the impact of climate change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "the mystery surrounding former bollywood actress laila khan, who had disappeared from her oshiwara home along with the rest of her family last year, has deepened with the jammu &amp; kashmir police saying that a car belonging to her may be linked to the blast outside delhi high court in september, 2011. the car, a mitsubishi outlander with the registration number mh02 ay 7867, was found in the remote village of kishtwar in j &amp; k. this was the village from where three militants had been arrested in connection with the delhi blast, which was carried out by kishtwarbased module of different terrorist groups. jammu and kashimir police's deputy inspector general (doda-ramban range) gareeb dass said the car, abandoned outside a shop, had been traced to laila's mother saleena patel. \"the vehicle could be an important link to the delhi high court case, and was probably used in delhi to carry out the blast,\" dass told. the last person using the car was laila's family friend parvez ahmed, who allegedly has links with some let militants. this is the second vehicle belonging to saleena that has been seized in j &amp; k over the last year. but whether laila, or any member of her family, had any direct link with the blast, or with any terrorist group, remains uncertain. laila khan, best known for her role opposite rajesh khanna in the 2008 film wafaa , is reportedly living in dubai with her mother saleena, two sisters, two cousins, and her step-father ateeq. when contacted, officers of the anti-terrorism squad confirmed that laila had been traced to dubai. she had been in the news last year after her father, nadir patel, had filed a missing complaint with the oshiwara police station. nadir, who lives in mira road with his second wife, had told the cops that his daughter laila, and several other members of his family, had been untraceable for several months. when cops had gone to oshiwara's sunshine apartments, turnwhere laila lived, neighbours had confirmed that the flat was empty for a while, and that no one knew of the family's whereabouts. the family had last been spotted in kishtwar, where they had gone in july, 2011 to attend the wedding of parvez, who is also now absconding. they never returned to mumbai, and a mahindra scorpio car belonging to saleena was found abandoned near dal lake on december 14, 2011. the blast in delhi, in which 11 people died and 76 others were injured, had been carried out on september 7, 2011. there is no record of laila (originally reshma) having left india from any major airport, says the oshiwara police, and the cops' theory is that she must have crossed over to pakistan by road, from where she later relocated to dubai. a bungalow they owned in igatpuri was found to be partially burned. \"parvez, who was using the car in the past, is evading arrest after the seizure. we have intensified the search for him,\" dass said. parvez was last seen in kishtwar in march. other than the three militants arrested from kishtwar by the national investigating agency, a rs 10-lakh reward has been announced for three others from the village", "code": "13731558", "title": "Another chapter in the story of Laila Khan\u2019s disappearance", "text": "The mystery surrounding former Bollywood actress Laila Khan, who had disappeared from her Oshiwara home along with the rest of her family last year, has deepened with the Jammu &amp; Kashmir police saying that a car belonging to her may be linked to the blast outside Delhi High Court in September, 2011. The car, a Mitsubishi Outlander with the registration number MH02 AY 7867, was found in the remote village of Kishtwar in J &amp; K. This was the village from where three militants had been arrested in connection with the Delhi blast, which was carried out by Kishtwarbased module of different terrorist groups. Jammu and Kashimir police's Deputy Inspector General (Doda-Ramban Range) Gareeb Dass said the car, abandoned outside a shop, had been traced to Laila's mother Saleena Patel. \"The vehicle could be an important link to the Delhi High Court case, and was probably used in Delhi to carry out the blast,\" Dass told. The last person using the car was Laila's family friend Parvez Ahmed, who allegedly has links with some LeT militants. This is the second vehicle belonging to Saleena that has been seized in J &amp; K over the last year. But whether Laila, or any member of her family, had any direct link with the blast, or with any terrorist group, remains uncertain. Laila Khan, best known for her role opposite Rajesh Khanna in the 2008 film Wafaa , is reportedly living in Dubai with her mother Saleena, two sisters, two cousins, and her step-father Ateeq. When contacted, officers of the Anti-Terrorism Squad confirmed that Laila had been traced to Dubai. She had been in the news last year after her father, Nadir Patel, had filed a missing complaint with the Oshiwara Police station. Nadir, who lives in Mira Road with his second wife, had told the cops that his daughter Laila, and several other members of his family, had been untraceable for several months. When cops had gone to Oshiwara's Sunshine Apartments, Turnwhere Laila lived, neighbours had confirmed that the flat was empty for a while, and that no one knew of the family's whereabouts. The family had last been spotted in Kishtwar, where they had gone in July, 2011 to attend the wedding of Parvez, who is also now absconding. They never returned to Mumbai, and a Mahindra Scorpio car belonging to Saleena was found abandoned near Dal Lake on December 14, 2011. The blast in Delhi, in which 11 people died and 76 others were injured, had been carried out on September 7, 2011. There is no record of Laila (originally Reshma) having left India from any major airport, says the Oshiwara police, and the cops' theory is that she must have crossed over to Pakistan by road, from where she later relocated to Dubai. A bungalow they owned in Igatpuri was found to be partially burned. \"Parvez, who was using the car in the past, is evading arrest after the seizure. We have intensified the search for him,\" Dass said. Parvez was last seen in Kishtwar in March. Other than the three militants arrested from Kishtwar by the National Investigating Agency, a Rs 10-lakh reward has been announced for three others from the village: Shakeer Ahmed alias Chotta Haafiz, Aamir Kamal alias Kamran, and Junaid Akram Malik. According to the Jammu and Kashmir police, Parvez was in touch with these militants and may have vital information regarding the blast. When contacted, Rakesh Maria, the ATS chief, said, \"We are in touch with the J &amp; K police about this issue,\" and declined to elaborate further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750510", "title": "Man gets death penalty for rape, murder of 7-year-old", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a person to death for raping a seven-year-old girl before killing her, as it stressed the need for courts to have zero tolerance for crimes against children.Additional sessions judge (ASJ) Kamini Lau handed out the death penalty to Sanjay Kumar Valmiki, a resident of Haiderpur in north Delhi, saying there was only one sentence for a person convicted of raping and killing a child. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 1,61,000 on the convict stipulating that, if recovered, Rs 1 lakh should be given as compensation to the victim's family.Valmiki had raped and murdered the minor last year at the NDPL office in the capital when the girl had gone there in search of water. The matter came to light when the victim's decomposed body was found from the NDPL office's switch gear room after two days.The court said there was a public outcry after the incident, and that if Valmiki had fallen into the hands of the mob, he would have been lynched. \"This court cannot ignore the loud cry for justice by society in this case involving a heinous crime of rape on an innocent child and her grotesque killing, and will respond by imposition of proper sentence lest people loose faith in the judicial system and take law into their hands,\" the judge said.While expressing anguish over such heinous crime, Lau said a message should be sent to society that the judicial system in the country has \"zero tolerance\" for those \"who mess with children\" and \"a single moment of madness can lead them to gallows\".\"In a country of Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi , governed by faith believing in sacredness of all living creatures, urging the avoidance of harm and violence and practicing ahimsa, the convict without a moment of remorse and regret even for once murdered the child and it is hence that the case falls in the category of rarest of rare cases,\" the judge said.The court said the convict committed an unthinkable act of ravaging the child's body, which even an animal won't do. \"The injures on the body of the child, as many as 15 in number, speak volumes of the brutality and force with which the innocent child had been battered to death,\" Lau said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13751238", "title": "Automobile company to pay Rs 60,000 for selling faulty car", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Motivating the customer to buy a faulty car by listing frivolous benefits of that particular model, has cost a motor company dear as consumer forum has imposed a fine of Rs 60,000 on it.According to the complaint, Chetan Gill, a resident of Phase VII in Mohali, purchased a car that started giving problems from the very first month of its purchase. The complaint mentioned that the victim had purchased that particular model only on the suggestion of the salesman of the company.\"I had purchased a Tata Indigo from Joshi Auto Zones in Industrial Area, Phase II of Chandigarh, on June 10, 2008 for Rs 4,80,573. According to the sale agreement, the company gave me a warranty till December 11, 2009,\" said Gill.He added, \"But the vehicle started giving trouble from the very first month of purchase. I took the vehicle to the workshop of Joshi Auto Zone three times and major repair work was done. There were problems like excessive engine noise and clutch problem.\" The complainant added that despite the repair, the engine continued to make loud noises and AC was also not working properly. Thereafter, he lodged a complaint on Tata helpline and following which the company mechanics again examined the car, but failed to rectify the problem.Lawyer of the Tata Motors said, contentions of the complainant were unjustified and there was no manufacturing defect in the vehicle.They averred that the car had already covered over 20,000km, and the faults were because of excessive use of vehicle for commercial purpose.However, after listening to the arguments, the forum has directed the opposition parties to rectify the problems in the car and replace the defective parts. Besides, they have also directed them to pay a compensation of Rs 50,000 to the complainant as compensation for mental agony and Rs 10,000 as cost of litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13786277", "title": "Karnataka Victims' Compensation Scheme to aid victims of atrocities", "text": "MANGALORE: Victims of atrocities can claim compensation as per the Karnataka Victims' Compensation Scheme, said Superintendent of Police (SP),Abhishek Goyal, Dakshina Kannada district.Announcing this at the monthly SC/ST grievance meeting held at his office here on Sunday, Goyal said though the scheme was formulated in 2011, it was being implemented now.Under the scheme, compensation could be claimed for as many as 30 types of offences including murder, rape, assault, manslaughter, dowry death, and sexual harassment, barring cases of accidents and robbery, through Legal Services Authority. Compensation amount ranges from Rs 10,000 to Rs 2 lakh. Victims cannot claim compensation if the accused are traced.Regarding re-investigation of the murder case of Shivappa Bangera, a Mangalore University employee who was murdered in 2001. Goyal said re-investgating or re-opening the case would need proof to convince the court. If there is any proof or evidence which is lead worthy we will puruse the matter,'' said Goyal replying to the demand of Ambedkar Pratishthana State President Shivappa R. Dalit Sanghursha Samithi member Keshaava alleged that Bangera was eliminated due to political reasons and it should be seriously considered for re-investigation.On another complaint from Satish Kumar that he was being denied caste certificate since his parents had migrated from Sri Lanka to Sullia, Goyal said he should approach the Civil Rights Enforcement Cell with birth certificate and other relevant documents through the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13748969", "title": "Myanmar asks northeast rebels to leave by June 10", "text": "IMPHAL: With the Myanmar government asking the northeast rebels camping in its country to leave by June 10, the Assam Rifles, guarding the porous international boundary along the hill tracks in Manipur, is on a state of high alert. Reports said Myanmar's diktat was issued on May 24, three days before Prime Minister Manmohan Singh embarked on his three-day goodwill visit to the neighbouring country.Manipur alone shares over 350km border with Myanmar and a 10-km fencing work is currently constructed by the Border Roads Organisation (BRO) at the border town of Moreh in Manipur's Chandel district to thwart flow of illegal items like weapons and drugs between the two countries. Major General UK Gurung, inspector general of Assam Rifles (South), said following the the Assam Rifles troops deployed under his command along the border areas have been kept on alert to launch an offensive against any rebels sneaking into the Indian territory. Taking to reporters on the sidelines of a cultural-cum-developmental programme organized by the Assam Rifles at its 26 sector headquarters at Pallel in Chandel district on Saturday, he said the troops are vigilant along the border areas.Major General Gurung, who commands troops deployed almost half of strife-torn Manipur, said the soldiers are taking extra care to tackle any militants sneaking into Indian Territory. He said both the countries are cooperating each other in tackling insurgency. Senior military officials feel that insurgency in the northeast would be tackled to a great extent if rebel camps in Myanmar are closed down following Myanmar's diktat. During his short visit to Manipur last month, Union minister of state for defence Pallam Raju along with BRO officials inspected the work progress of the border fencing as well as other road development activities taken up by the BRO. Pallam also visited international border gate No 1, which is also known as India-Myanmar Border Bridge as well as gate No 4.Besides discussing about the 160-km Tamu-Kaliwa road in Myanmar, currently maintained by the BRO, the minster also convened a meeting with senior Assam Rifles officials to discuss several issues including insurgency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13755144", "title": "Newlywed man consumes poison in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: A 25-year-old newlywed man committed suicide by consuming poison. He was dejected after his wife allegedly spurned him.Police said Anil Kumar , an autorickshaw driver, was in love with Sandhya for many years and they got married on May 18. On that very day, Sandhya returned to her parents' house and refused to budge from there despite Anil pleading many times.Dejected, Anil consumed poison at his house in Chamarajpet, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13751228", "title": "Byelection speeches get hot &amp; spicy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Welcome to the full-blown verbal onslaught. With the byelections round the corner, choicest of abuses are flying thick. Blame it on scorching heat or blistery winds or political affiliations, all the contesting candidates and major players in the fray have dug deep, spitting venom on their rivals.\"YSR madama tippadu, Jagan moota vippadu (YSR never went back on his word, Jagan never opens his ill-gotten money)\" was one of the catchy phrases doing the rounds. Congress MP Lagadapati Rajagopal was often seen using this phrase, taking barbs at Jagan, during his campaign. YSR Congress leader Vangaveeti Radhakrishna promptly hit back at the Vijayawada MP, saying, \"Pichhi vaagudu kattipettu (Stop talking nonsense).That the war of words has hit a new low is to state the obvious as candidates unleash their verbal armoury on their rivals. Kiran Kumar Reddy, who otherwise struggles for words, is mincing no words when it comes to criticizing his opponents, especially Jagan. \"Jaganki mathi braminchindi (Jagan has lost mental balance),\" he said during his recent election tour in Tirupati. So much so, Kiran repeatedly refers to Jagan as 'vennupotudaru' (backstabber) at his election rallies. Not just Jagan, the CM is in no mood to spare Chandrababu Naidu either, often calling him as \"all free babu.\"Chiranjeevi also stepped up his tirade against Jagan. He warns voters that voting for the YSR Congress party is like cutting the branch one is sitting on. PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana is also not far behind. He often calls Naidu \"avineeti chakravarti\" (king of corruption) and the TDP chief gives it back by calling Congress a \"dongala party\" (party of thieves). YSR Congress is a \"party of bandicoots\" for him which will bring \"rowdy palana\" (rowdy rule) if it comes to power.YSR Congress spokesperson Ambati Rambabu advises Sonia Gandhi to get Rahul Gandhi married soon, while party's glamour doll and former actress Roja says \"Chiranjeevi lanti dongalu, Jagangarini donga donga antunnaru (A thief like Chiranjeevi calls Jagan a thief).\" Taking off from where Ambati left, she says Rahul Gandhi would have understood the sentiments of the people if he was married. \"It is part of Indian culture to visit the people who are in mourning for their dear ones. Had Rahul Gandhi been married he would have understood the importance of Odarpu yatra,\" she says. Actor Balakrishna has also joined the verbal bandwagon. Though late, god did justice in the case of Jagan, he said recently. Taking the verbal joust to a new level, Congress MP Renuka Choudary said Vijayamma was acting like a 'Gandhari' who is blind to her son's mistakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "udhampur", "code": "13784435", "title": "MS Dhoni visits Northern HQ, interacts with officers and jawans", "text": "UDHAMPUR: India cricket captain and honorary Lieutenant Colonel, Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Sunday visited the Northern Command Headquarters and interacted with the officers and jawans there.The India skipper also met the children of the officers and jawans and signed autographs for them.Dhoni also met GOC-in-C Northern Command Lt Gen KT Parnaik during his short stay at the Headquarters before flying to Srinagar to visit the forward areas in the Kashmir Valley.The 30-year-old is also schedule to visit Leh and the base camp at Siachen, the world's highest battlefield.The cricketer on Saturday visited the forward areas of Jammu region and interacted with the troops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13788107", "title": "Megafans urge Ganesh to declare Gabbar Singh collections", "text": "Producer Bandla Ganesh is in a tight spot. While Gabbar Singh is doing incredibly well at the BO, actor Pawan Kalyan has insisted that the producer refrain from playing the record game by announcing the collections figures to the public. Which is why, there hasn't been a single official announcement about the collections of the movie from the production house. AS a result all sort of figures are doing the rounds in the internet. So the fans of Pawan Kalyan are pressurizing the producer to release the official collections of the film. Wonder what Pawan Kalyan has to say about it. Many websites published that Gabbar Singh collected in excess of Rs 63 crores share in 3 weeks. That means the total gross would be around Rs 80 crores. All shows are still going housefulls in almost all centers in 4th week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13749478", "title": "Cold water facility at Lohardaga station", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Keeping its promise of serving people's interest, the Lohardaga mines division of Hindalco Industries Limited provided cold drinking water facility at the railway station here.Assistant vice-president (mines) B K Jha, accompanied by senior company and railway officials, inaugurated the facility. Jha said, \"More than 5,000 passengers travel by train. Passengers stand in long queues to collect water from the existing water points including the lone cold water tap. So we asked the railways for permission about three months back and completed another point of cold water with purifier,\" he said.Sweta Sahu, a passenger, said cold water was the need of the time and single source of the water at the station was a major problem. Now Hindalco's cold water system has come as a solution to the problem.The facility costs Rs 1.5 lakh. \"Recently we provided the same kind of facility at Birsa Munda Agro Park in Gumla. Normal drinking water points are being provided at certain points on bauxite mines routes. Facilities have been provided at Ghaghra block, Bishunpur block while process was on for Kisko, Dhurwa More and Tisia,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13787784", "title": "Srikanth, Aksha shooting in Filmnagar", "text": "The shooting of the Srikanth's upcoming flick going on at a brisk pace having completed two schedules so far. The film's third schedule has begun shooting in Filmnagar recently. Aksha who was last seen in Ram's Kandireega is playing the lead in the movie touted to a commercial potboiler. A song sequence and some key scenes are scheduled to be picturised in this schedule, which will go on till June 14. NSR Prasad is directing the movie. \"The movie has been packed with plenty of entertainment. The action episodes will be one the highlights of the movie along with Srikanth's power packed performance,\" says NSR Prasad talking about his movie. As soon as the third schedule is done the unit will move to Bangkok to finish filming the songs. Gana is composing the music for the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750990", "title": "Team Anna, Baba Ramdev to fast against graft today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stepping up the ante against the UPA government amid fresh corruption allegations against 14 cabinet ministers, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev will hold a daylong fast in the capital on Sunday.While Team Anna says its plans for the day will be decided after the corruption crusader reaches Delhi on Saturday night, the yoga guru has decided to begin the day from Rajghat. \"Around 6am, Baba Ramdev is expected to leave Swami Azad Hind Gram near Haryana border and reach Rajghat. He will pay tribute to Mahatma Gandhi and proceed to Shahidi Park,\" said Rakesh Kumar, chief coordinator for Ramdev's Bharat Swabhiman Trust.Ramdev is expected to reach Parliament Street around 9am and begin his fast by 10am that will go on till 6 in the evening. \"Our demands are the same - that black money stashed abroad be brought back to the country, corrupt practices in the system be removed,\" said Kumar.While Anna himself and his associates like Arvind Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia support the move , the association with Ramdev had created ripples in Team Anna in the past. A section of Team Anna is still opposed to having any ties with the yoga guru as he is facing corruption charges.Sisodia, however, said the two groups were supporting each other on the lokpal Bill and black money issues. \"We need an agency that will bring back the stashed money. It is the money that has been stashed away abroad that can be investigated by the lokpal,\" he said.Supporters of Ramdev have made arrangements for cold drinking water, five ambulances and three LED screens at the fast venue.Delhi Police has given a no-objection certificate for the day-long peaceful dharna after DDA has permitted the fast to be held on its land. \"This certificate has been granted subject to conditions laid down by several Supreme Court orders. The certificate is for a gathering up to 5,000 people,\" said a senior police officer of the New Delhi district.Around 400-450 police personnel will be deployed to keep a check on the proceedings, said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13738556", "title": "How to manage your virtual employees", "text": "The old office was bursting at the seams. So when the swank new office was inaugurated, everyone wanted to move there. The gym, cafeteria and pool table in the new office were featured in many magazines. But the MD and her direct reports continued to operate out of the old building for sentimental reasons.Except for finance and accounts, all the other departments moved to the new location. When the employee engagement survey was done after six months, the scores showed a remarkable drop. Reduced face time with their leaders was cited as a common complaint.As organisations grow beyond the single office \"where it all began\", they need to skill their leaders in managing virtual teams. Employees are seeking the flexibility of working from home or have a need to be in a certain location for personal reasons. Employers seek to test the waters as they move to new geographies by posting a lone individual or scatter a handful of people who can build a customer base without the organisation investing in large overheads.We often think of employees working in another country or city when we think of virtual workers, but the challenges of managing a person working out of another office building is the same as it is across time zones or in an office space across the street.Even the smallest degrees of dispersion, such as working on different floors in the same building, can greatly affect the quality of collaboration. There is more frequent communication and trust in teams that can see each other without having to go to a different location. In a hyper-connected world, technology makes it easy for work to be done from any location. So it is not surprising that colleagues who work in two ends of the same office floor use technology to communicate as much as a team scattered across continents.There are enough options to help the employee stay connected but what is often missing is the emotional connect of the employee with the leader, the team and even the organisation. Without an emotional connect the virtual team member is no more than a faceless person operating somewhere. What is needed to manage a virtual employee is to ensure they have a share of mind, voice and the wallet.Share of mind Do managers think of the virtual member as often as they do for the others who they see more often? Virtual employees often miss out on information because it was conveyed verbally. Some of them complain about losing out on interesting assignments just because the leader happens to meet a team member in the hallway more often than someone who works on a different floor of the same building.What works Use technology to create frequent \"face time\" with your virtual team members. Create more structured opportunities for updates and conversations on organisational strategies, policies and changes. That ensures the virtual team members hear you and feel included.Share of voice This ensures virtual team members are heard as much as those physically present in the meeting. It is human to seek opinions of people when they drop by. This is where virtual employees lose out.What works Managers should set up process guidelines the team will use to structure the work, review progress and communicate with each other. Ask virtual employees if they are happy about how decisions are made or how conflicts are resolved.Share of wallet Virtual team members often get unfairly treated when their work is evaluated. The impact of their work is not adequately measured since they are not around as frequently to give updates about their achievements or challenges.What works Managers should focus on not just formal rewards like increments and bonuses but also ensure the virtual team gets included in informal rewards. Sending someone a note or setting up a video chat to acknowledge their contribution can make a big difference. We are all learning to keep in touch with friends and family through social networking sites and mobile phones. When the relationship has taken root and matured, it is easier to manage it long-distance. Helping people managers learn how to manage virtual teams can help build a highly engaged workforce.Do your virtual employees get the same share of mind, voice and of wallet as the other employees?Think about it.(The writer is chief learning officer of Wipro)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13753398", "title": "\u2018Tarantulas\u2019 invade Assam town, \u2018kill\u2019 two", "text": "Jintu Gogoi's neighbourhood in Sadiya, Upper Assam, is no longer friendly. Over two weeks ago, an army of eight-legged freaks invaded it. It all happened in the evening on May 8. Most of the inhabitants of Chaulkhowa Nagaon village had been to a Bihu function. When the programme drew to a close, swarms of spiders suddenly descended from nowhere and started biting the people. The festive mood soon turned into one of panic with people bumping into each other and tripping over empty benches in their frantic bid to egress. Jintu was bitten by one of these critters.It all sounded like a scene from a Hollywood horror flick, but as Jintu showed his blackened, swollen finger, to TOI, it became clear that it was not some elaborate hoax created by some mischief-monger, it was something that happened for real. But the panic it triggered could have been certainly avoided had there been enough awareness among laymen and mandarins about arachnids.Jintu spent a day at the Sadiya Civil Hospital after he complained of excruciating pain and nausea. When he returned home, he had more terrifying stories to tell. Terror was still writ large on his face even two weeks after the incident, but he thanked his stars for being alive. His neighbour,Purnakanta Buragohain, was not that lucky. He died in the hospital after a spider allegedly bit him.The events that unfolded in the next few days left everyone baffled. Scores of people arrived in the Sadiya civil hospital with spider bites, some even carrying their tormentors to the hospital. Amid all this, another person, this time a schoolboy, died of an alleged spider bite. And the district administration panicked. They sounded an alert across Tinsukia district and asked people to stay indoors at night-the time the unknown critters would swarm all over the place. They talked about fogging the place with DDT to kill the arachnids but couldn't find any effective solution. What's worse: they even let the two bodies to be cremated without conducting any autopsy. Yet the spider menace continued. None had any answer as to what kind of a spider it was and how it made such a sudden appearance.Then on May 22, a team of life scientists from Dibrugarh University and Gauhati University arrived in Sadiya. Led by Dr L R Saikia, head, Department of Life Sciences, Dibrugarh University, the team camped in the trouble spot for two days and nights and collected specimens. \"As of now, we cannot give a specific name. It's similar to the tarantula, but it could be a whole new species. There aren't any arachnologists in the northeast, so it will take us a while to identify it. But whatever the species, it is a highly aggressive spider. It leaps at anything that comes close. Some of the victims claimed the spider latched onto them after biting. If that is so, it needs to be dealt with carefully. The chelicerae and fangs of this critter are quite powerful; but it's too early to declare it a killer spider. In fact, we are yet to test its venom and find out the toxicity,\" says Dr Saikia.\"We cannot say for sure that the fatalities were due to the venom; it could have been because of allergic reaction to the venom, which triggered cardiac arrest in both the victims. But all the bite patients first went to witch doctors, who cut open their wounds with razors, drained out blood and burnt it. That could have also made them sick. Also, we didn't administer any antivenin dose, as we were not sure if the spider was venomous,\" says Dr Anil Phatowali, superintendent, Sadiya Civil Hospital.He adds that the hospital is ill-equipped to handle crises due to manpower crunch, erratic power supply and equipment shortage.Dr Ratul Rajkhowa of the zoology department of Cotton College, Guwahati, has seen the spider. In fact, one of the dead creatures has been preserved in the department laboratory. He echoes Dr Saikia's views but says it's too early to call it a tarantula. \"It could be the black wishbone or a species related to it. Or may be a species related to the funnel-web spider.Whatever it is, it is definitely new to the area. Assam doesn't have venomous spiders, it never had any throughout history, or there would have been some document, text or art that depicted this spider. People wouldn't have panicked like this; they are scared because they have seen something like this for the first time and don't know how to deal with it. They are used to the common house spider, which runs away when you even snap your finger close to it. But this spider attacks if you try to scare it off. Those who were bitten have said that when they tried to shoo it off, it leapt at them and buried its fangs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13753755", "title": "'No entertainment tax on entry fee for laser show'", "text": "BHOPAL: No entertainment tax on entry fees will be levied for watching laser show at the Neelam park auditorium, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said.Dedicating the laser show auditorium to public at a function here, he said this was one of the most unique parks in the city of lakes and hills. Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) mayor Krishna Gaur, urban development minister Babulal Gaur were among those present.The BMC had sanctioned Rs 1.8 crore for the construction of the park last year. The corporation, in January this year, had passed the proposal to charge an entry fee of Rs 20 per children aged between 5 and 12 while for adults the entry fee will be Rs 40 per person. Children up to 5 years of age will be allowed free entry in the park.The amusement park will have musical fountain and an auditorium having capacity to accommodate 500 people.Two shows, each of 25 minutes of duration, will be divided into three parts. First 15 minutes of will be dedicated to musical fountain which will be followed by 5-minute video projection and 5-minute laser show on the history of Bhopal.The park will also be equipped with parking facilities for 60 four-wheelers and 100 two-wheelers for the convenience of visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13756904", "title": "Little Divya breathes easy", "text": "BANGALORE: Divya, the girl born with cyanotic congenital heart disease (defect by birth), is in the pink of health now.A team of Narayana Hrudayalaya doctors successfully operated upon Divya on Saturday.The hospital had offered to treat the infant, then 10 months old, for free after reading a TOI report on how she and her parents had to wait for five hours to meet the chief minister during Janata Darshan three months ago. Divya eventually managed to get only 5 minutes with the CM.BABY'S CONDITIONDivya suffered from a complex heart disease in which systemic and pulmonary circulation depended on one ventricle. Doctors said the basic problem was the mixing of impure and pure blood because of which the baby was blue. There was decreased blood flow to the lungs for oxygenates.The surgical intervention was aimed at improving impure blood flow to the lungs so that oxygeneration could take place. \"Divya underwent a procedure called bidirectional glenn shunt. Prior to that, she was blue and had difficulty in breathing, feeding and also had failed to gain weight. After the procedure, the baby's oxygeneration improved. Now she doesn't suffer from breathing difficulty, is eating well and has gained weight as well,\" doctors said. The hospital said Divya was discharged on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13752388", "title": "It's final, maintaining parks is residents' baby", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh municipal corporation passed an agenda item to handover all the neighbourhood parks of the city to the residential welfare associations in principle, but the policy is set to be revised with addition of some suggestions in coming days.Members of the FOSWAC, an umbrella body of the resident welfare associations, will meet the MC officials in this regard next week. The prime issue is regarding the payment to the RWAs to maintain the parks and to keep a check on this money.RWAs feel there are rifts within the associations, so, the money should be distributed in a fair and responsible manner by the civic body.FOSWAC chairman P C Sanghi said, \"This system should be initially implemented on an experimental basis in a few parks to assess its functioning. The management of money needs to be clarified in the policy as there are differences among associations. It would need a suitable audit system too.\" Subash Chawla, a member of the finance and contract committee of MC, said, \"There is a scope of modifying the present plan in order to make it popular and result oriented.\"The authority has planned to give Rs 1.50 per square meter per month to the RWAs for maintenance of parks at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13749090", "title": "Petrol price down Rs 2 a litre, another Re 0.92 cut next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: State-run fuel retailers on Saturday reduced petrol price by Rs 1.68 per litre, excluding state taxes. This means consumers in Delhi would pay Rs 2 less per litre at pumps from midnight and will see an additional 92 paise reduction next week after the local government notifies a reduction in the value added tax (VAT).In other states, the extent of decline would vary by a few paise due to different tax rates.Compared to May 23, in Delhi, the increase would be of the order of 4.60 a litre (after incorporating the VAT impact) as against Rs 7.54 when the hike was announced last week.The announcement of a cut comes two days after the May 31 nationwide strike observed by the opposition to protest against the steepest-ever increase in petrol price on May 24. Petrol price was jacked up by state fuel retailers by Rs 6.28 per litre, excluding taxes, or about 11%, citing the rupee's fall and rise in international oil prices in the first fortnight of May.The move predictably sparked howls of protest from parties across political spectrum, including the Congress. Soon thereafter, the heads of oil marketing companies and the government held out hope of a cut on June 1, citing emerging price trends in Singapore bulk market for crude and gasoline - trade name for petrol.That cut should have been announced on June 1 since oil marketers review prices on the 15th and last day of each month. The pump price of petrol is arrived at by calculating the average Singapore price of gasoline in the preceding fortnight and the rupee's exchange rate against the dollar.Since the May 24 increase in the rate of petrol, gasoline price declined to $115.77 per barrel in the second fortnight of May from $124.37 in the first fortnight. Crude too declined to $106 a barrel in the second fortnight from $116 in the preceding period.But the government asked the oil marketers to hold their horses with the aim of preventing the opposition from taking credit. A reduction from June 1, a day after the nationwide strike, could have been interpreted as the government's capitulation to opposition pressure.Sources said the oil marketers were to give a few days' gap before reducing the price to avoid giving a political colour to a \"commercial and economic decision\". But the government suddenly decided to give the green signal on Saturday after it dawned that the rupee's continued fall against the dollar may not leave much room for a substantial reduction in the coming week, first reported by TOI on May 31.The oil companies found that their average exchange rate continued to worsen as it declined to Rs 54.96 to a dollar in the second fortnight from Rs 53.17 in the first fortnight. Fuel prices need to be raised by 77 paise if the exchange rate falls by a rupee, while each dollar rise in crude price requires street prices to be raised by 33 paise.No wonder, the first reduction in six months failed to impress the main opposition BJP. Party president Nitin Gadkari said they would continue to agitate on the streets till petrol price was brought back to the May 24 level.The oil marketers had last reduced rates by Rs 0.78 per litre on December 1 and by Rs 2.22 a litre on November 16. The reductions followed Rs 1.80 per litre increase from November 4.Small mercyDelhi price cut from Rs 73.18 to Rs 71.16, will fall to Rs 70.24 next week after VAT reductionMumbai price cut by Rs 2.12 to Rs 76.45 per litreKolkata cut from Rs 77.88 to Rs 75.81 a litreChennai cut by Rs 2.13 to Rs 75.40 a litre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ipoh (malaysia)", "code": "13780497", "title": "Sardar Singh, SV Sunil in Sultan Azlan Shah's XI", "text": "IPOH (MALAYSIA): India's star mid-fielder Sardar Singh and striker S V Sunil has featured in Sultan Azlan Shah's XI, the best 11 players of this year's Azlan Shah Cup.New Zealand have three players in the lineup in goalkeeper Kyle Pontifex, Dean Couzins and Ryan Archibald while Argentina contribute two players in Pedro Ibarra and Lucas Vila.Great Britian's Ashley Jackson, South Korean Hyun Woo-Nam, Rashid Mehmood of Pakistan and Malaysia's young player Faizal Saari complete the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bridgetown", "code": "13767224", "title": "India 'A' bowl out West Indies 'A' for 252 runs", "text": "BRIDGETOWN: The pace-spin combine of Shami Ahmed and Rahul Sharma shared six wickets as India 'A' bowled out West Indies 'A' for 252 runs on the opening day of their four-day unofficial Test at the Kensington Oval.It took the Indians 87.3 overs to send the host team back to the pavillion and make a dominating start in the three-match series.Wickets tumbled at regular intervals and had it not been for half-centuries by wicketkeeper Devon Thomas (57) and lower-order batsman Veerasammy Permaul (66), the Caribbean side could well have folded up much earlier.For India, Ahmed and Rahul picked up three wickets apiece, while medium pacer Bhuvneshwar Kumar also did his bit by knocking off a couple of scalps.It was a sedate start to the proceedings with Kraigg Brathwaite and Lendl Simmons pulling off just one boundary in a 20-run stand which ended when the latter was trapped leg-before by Bhuvneshwar. The right-hander contributed 11 runs to the total before his departure.Just two runs later, Ahmed struck for India as Brathwaite, who also made 11, was caught behind by wicketkeeper Wriddhimaan Saha.The hosts looked in deep trouble when they were reduced to 36/3 following the dismissal of Donovan Pagon by Ahmed before Nkrumah Bonner and Jonathan Carter stitched together 44 runs for the fourth wicket.Carter was the more aggressive of the two, striking down seven boundaries in his 47-ball 35 before part-time spinner Rohit Sharma had him caught by Shikhar Dhawan to fetch his only wicket of the day.Bonner was the cautious customer, taking 94 deliveries for his 25 runs that included just one boundary. But he could not make much of the patient effort as Rahul sneaked one past his defence to rattle the stumps, leaving the West Indian side at a precarious 5/101.Scoring at less than three an over, the hosts needed acceleration and stability at the same time and Permaul and Thomas combined together to do the rescue act.The duo shared 14 boundaries with Permaul getting six and Thomas fetching eight of them. From a rather bleak position of 126/7, Permaul and Thomas steered the West Indies innings immaculately, putting on 92 runs for the eight wicket.However, leg-spinner Rahul struck at the nick of time for India by clean bowling Thomas to break the stand before the visitors cleaned up the tail with ease. Rahul's crucial three wickets cost just 73 runs in 22.3 overs.Ahmed, on the other hand, was equally miserly, grabbing his three wickets after conceding 43 runs in 16 overs. Pacer Ashok Dinda also managed a wicket, giving away 41 runs in his 17 overs.The second and third match of series will be played at Kingstown and Gros Islet respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13751508", "title": "Coalgate: Manmohan Singh took no action on repeated missives by BJP MP", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP Lok Sabha member Hansraj Ahir, whose complaint have led the Central Vigilance Commission ( CVC) order the CBI to hold a preliminary enquiry (PE) into the allocation of coal blocks between 2006 and 2009, had been writing regularly to the PM since 2009 on the issue, but only got acknowledgements for reply.According to Ahir, while Prime Minister Manmohan Singh himself regularly acknowledged his letters, the government took no action on the \"irregularities\" regarding allocation of coal blocks to various private entities.Starting December 24, 2008, Ahir wrote to the PM about 10 letters, highlighting allocation of coal blocks to private entities without an open competitive bidding process. He had contended that since 2006 the ministry of coal had distributed \"scores of coal blocks to some private owners along with few government companies\". He argued that a total of 49 billion tonnes of reserves exist in these blocks, of which 21.61 billion tonnes had gone to private firms. He said the allocations on a first-come-first-serve basis were taking place after the government had in June, 2004, decided to introduce competitive bidding regime.Last Wednesday, the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) had issued a detailed clarification, justifying the entire allocation procedure. \"It may be stated that the allocation of coal blocks was never looked upon as a potential source for generating revenue for the Central Government. The intent of the government was to induce rapid development of infrastructure which was so very essential to keep the economy on a high growth trajectory. Hence the question of maximizing revenue does not arise at all. The idea of introduction of bidding cropped up only in the wake of increasing demand for captive coal blocks and the consequent necessity of putting in place a process, which is demonstrably more transparent,\" the PMO said.Though there is no evidence yet of a criminal conspiracy in allocation of coal blocks, there is an eerie parallel between 2G scam and this case, especially the studied silence of the government to persistent complaints by an Opposition leader.In the case of 2G scam, Dr Subramanian Swamy and others wrote regularly to the PM and others, but there was no response. Later, the Supreme Court blamed the PMO for sitting on the repeated requests to Dr Singh for prosecution of former telecom minister A Raja. The SC had said, \"Unfortunately, those who were expected to give proper advice to Prime Minister and place full facts and legal position before him failed to do so...We have no doubt that if the Prime Minister had been apprised of the true factual and legal position regarding the representation made by the appellant, he would have surely taken appropriate decision.\"Ahir had not sought permission to prosecute anyone, but had been making demands for cancelling the coal block allocations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13756665", "title": "Alina Saldanha's cabinet induction on June 8", "text": "PANAJI: Alina Saldanha, who was recently elected unopposed from Cortalim constituency as a BJP candidate, will be inducted in the Goa ministry on June 8.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the induction will take place at Raj Bhavan next Friday at 4 pmTo a query on the portfolios she would be given, the chief minister said 'I have not yet decided\".Alina, widow of Matanhy Saldanha, will be the 12th minister in the three month old cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "13784534", "title": "Congress not behind Jagan's arrest: Andhra CM", "text": "TIRUPATI: Maintaining that the ruling Congress at both the Centre and state had no role in the arrest of YSR Congress chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, Andhra Pradesh chief minister Kirankumar Reddy today said the CBI had booked him for alleged economic offences based on court orders.\"We have no role in the arrest of Jagan...he was arrested for his financial offences by the CBI on the orders of the high court,\" he told a public meeting here as part of Congress campaign for the June 12 bye-election to Tirupati Assembly constituency.Jagan was arrested by the CBI on May 27 in a disproportionate assets case and the high court had allowed the CBI to take him into its custody for five days from today for further questioning.The chief minister also said Jagan would face jail term of 10 or 15 years if the charges against him were proved.Senior Congress leader and Union minister Ghulam Nabi Azad accused Jagan of forcing the bye-elections to 18 assembly constituencies and a Lok Sabha seat out of his \"selfish and opportunistic political interests.\"\"Jagan does not deserve any mercy but we have great respect for late (chief minister) Y S Rajasekhara Reddy and his widow Y S Vijayamma,\" Azad said.Rajya Sabha MP K Chiranjeevi and PCC president B Satyanarayana also addressed the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13752347", "title": "Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh cremated amid violence and arson", "text": "PATNA: The violence that rocked Ara after the sensational killing of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh alias Brahmeshwar Mukhiya on Friday shifted to the state capital on Saturday when his body was brought to the Bans Ghat here for cremation. Thousands of people riding hundreds of four-wheelers and motorcycles followed the truck that carried Singh's body.Even as the top brass of the Patna police claimed to have deployed adequate number of police forces at different parts in the state capital to thwart any untoward incident, Singh's supporters targeted policemen at every place where they came across each other.The supporters of the slain Ranvir Sena chief went berserk and pelted policemen with stones and damaged a police Gypsy near Shivala Mor in Danapur. They also chased away cops at Tarari Gumti and Saguna Mor. They raised slogans against state BJP president C P Thakur, chief minister Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and demanded their resignation.Singh's supporters raised slogans like \"Ek Khoon Ka Badla Hazar Khoon Se Lenge,\" \"Mukhiyaji Amar Rahe,\" \"Nitish Kumar Hai Hai\" and \"Modi Murdabad.\" They also manhandled two journalists near the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park on Bailey Road and burned a makeshift police outpost outside the Old Secretariat. A large number of people had gathered on both the sides of the road to have a glimpse of Mukhiyaji. At several places, policemen diverted traffic to ensure smooth passage of vehicles. When the procession reached the income-tax roundabout, Singh's supporters pelted stones at policemen deployed there. They chased away the cops and set ablaze a jeep parked there. They also damaged a mini bus and set ablaze a BSRTC bus. A bike was also set afire.The violent supporters, mostly youth, damaged three two-wheelers parked near the income-tax roundabout. They also asked a photo journalist to leave the place.In the meantime, policemen regrouped themselves and chased away the mob. A ding-dong battle ensued with both sides pelting stones at each other. Being outnumbered, the cops retreated and did not return till Singh's supporters moved away from the income-tax roundabout. They also set ablaze a four-wheeler parked near the rear gate of the Indira Gandhi Science Planetarium and tore away a banner carrying the picture of deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi. Later, a fire tender reached the spot and doused the flames. An additional police force led by Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar and SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar also reached the spot to control the situation.The entire city wore a deserted look. Shopkeepers downed their shutters apprehending violence. The procession passed through Frazer Road and reached the New Police Lines on the Patna-Danapur road. Some of the youth again indulged in stone pelting there. Sensing trouble, a group of policemen fled from the spot. Some saner elements stopped the youth from indulging in vandalism. A man riding on a truck made an announcement urging the supporters to shun violence. Throughout the way, Singh's supporters raised slogans against BJP leaders. On reaching the Bans Ghat, they again raised slogans like \"Muykhiyaji Amar Rahe\" and \"Jabtak Suraj Chand Rahega, Bramhameshwar Tera Naam Rahega.\"City wore a deserted lookThe violent supporters, mostly youth, damaged three two-wheelers parked near the income-tax roundabout. They also asked a photo journalist to leave the place.In the meantime, policemen regrouped themselves and chased away the mob. A ding-dong battle ensued with both sides pelting stones at each other. Being outnumbered, the cops retreated and did not return till Singh's supporters moved away from the income-tax roundabout. They also set ablaze a four-wheeler parked near the rear gate of the Indira Gandhi Science Planetarium and tore away a banner carrying the picture of deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi. Later, a fire tender reached the spot and doused the flames. An additional police force led by Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar and SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar also reached the spot to control the situation. The entire city wore a deserted look.Shopkeepers downed their shutters apprehending violence. The procession passed through Frazer Road and reached the New Police Lines on the Patna-Danapur road. Some of the youth again indulged in stone pelting there. Sensing trouble, a group of policemen fled from the spot. Some saner elements stopped the youth from indulging in vandalism. A man riding on a truck made an announcement urging the supporters to shun violence. Throughout the way, Singh's supporters raised slogans against BJP leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13770727", "title": "Krishna Vamsi is blunt with his heroines", "text": "Right at the first meeting, KV puts all his cards on the table in terms of his thoughts and if he doesn't like something about the actress, he says it straight on the face.The relation between a director and his heroine is often an intriguing one. While a lot happens in the inside which doesn't come out, there are times when few traits of a director become a topic of discussion among the heroine circuit. Right now, one director is making his mark for his unique quality.He is none other than Krishna Vamsi. Apparently, sources say this genius director is quite bold and candid about his observations with heroines. Right at the first meeting, KV puts all his cards on the table in terms of his thoughts and if he doesn't like something about the actress, he says it straight on the face.The talk is that while it is tough to work with KV, they always give the credit to him for grilling the juices out of the actors and grooming them in the best way. Given the penchant for perfection Krishna Vamsi has and his approach towards filmmaking, he sure comes from a different school of thought.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13787589", "title": "Prabhas determined to finish Rebel soon", "text": "Prabhas's next flick Rebel has been in the making for over a year now yet there is no confirmation of the release date. The movie has undergone several changes in cast and crew as well which has been the cause for the unprecedented delay. Looks like actor Prabhas has had enough. Sources close to the actor say that the Rebel Star is pretty pissed with Lawrence and is keen on wrapping up the shooting of the movies as soon as possible. The good news is that the movie is nearing completion finally. The film's unit is currently shooting some crucial scenes in a college campus near Gachibowli. Tamannaah and Deeksha Seth are playing the female leads in the movie. Choreographer turned director Raghava Lawrence is directing the movie jointly produced by J Pulla Rao and J Bhagawan. Lawrence is composing the music as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13751915", "title": "Cops destroying evidence, allege victim's family", "text": "MOHALI: Around one-and-half month have gone since issuing the directions to Punjab police for investigating an alleged case of fatal road accident while considering it a 'murder' case, family of deceased Gagandeep Singh in Phase VI, Mohali, alleged that instead of conducting a fresh probe, police personnel are destroying evidence.Gagandeep Singh, 23, a student of Thapar University, was found dead near Rajpura in Patiala district under mysterious circumstances and a case of death in road accident was registered at police station in Rajpura on September 28, 2010. According to the FIR, Gagandeep died and three others were injured when their vehicle, in which they were sited, rammed into a roadside parked truck.Talking to TOI, father of deceased MBA student, Gurbax Singh Bains, said, \"Since the death of my son I have been running from pillar to post to get justice. Hope for justice came when a DIG rank official refuted the theory of Patiala police and suggested further investigation in the case as murder.\"Bains stated, \"The Punjab and Haryan high court directed Patiala police to look into the matter considering it a murder case but district police have not stated reinvestigation till now.\" The directions were issued on April 24, 2012.DIG Kanwar Vijay Partap Singh has also recocleaner Jatinder, who claimed that a youth was assaulted near their truck on September 28, 2010.In his complaint to Punjab and Haryana high court, Gurbax Singh alleged that Patiala police is defending three suspects, including Zorawar Singh, son of a PCS officer, while registering a case of road accident.SHO of PS Rajpura, Inspector Bikramjit Singh, confirmed the instructions of Punjab and Haryana high court and maintained, \"According to the high court directions we cannot submitted the chargesheet of the road accident in the concerning court.\"When asked why fresh investigation with murder theory was not started, SHO Bikramjit claimed, \"It will be decided by senior police officials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750716", "title": "Secunderabad Cantonment Board reclaims 5 acre land from squatter", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) on Saturday reclaimed five acres of government land near the Bowenpally checkpost (NH 7) from a land shark.\"The Cantonment used to give land on lease. The authorities discovered that nearly 10 acre of government land at bungalow No.186 behind Sony Dhabad, which was classified as 'B-3' land, was encroached by an individual. He had even put up permanent structures illegally. We asked him to vacate the land, however, he approached court,\" SCB engineer M Phani Kumar told STOI.The squatter reportedly started taking over the remaining five acre land and constructed three RCC rooms and other structures.Also, he started leasing out the land to private parties and collecting lakhs of rupees. Though several notices were issued the squatter did not vacate the land . \"We decided to demolish the illegal structures and approached local police to provide protection to take up the demolition activity,\" he said.On Saturday at around 11am, the demolition started and continued up to 1pm. \"We have demolished all illegal structures and reclaimed the government land,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750839", "title": "Poonia disappoints, finishes fourth in US", "text": "NEW DELHI: Olympic-bound Indian discus thrower Krishna Poonia came up with a below-par effort of 62.11m to miss out on a medal and settle for the fourth spot in the Perfontaine Classic Diamond League Meet at Eugene in Oregon, United States.\"The weather was very bad, it rained all day today. It's a positive sign ahead of the London Games as we beat top-three throwers in the process,\" Krishna's coach Virendar Poonia told TOI on Saturday.Krishna's effort was markedly lower than the national record of 64.76m that she pulled off to qualify for the London Olympics in Hawaii earlier this month.But it was still better than 2008 Olympics gold winner Stephanie Brown Trafton of United States who had a No Mark against her name. The gold in the event went to Sandra Perkovic (66.92m) of Croatia, who won the Shanghai leg of Diamond League Meet in 68.24m.The other two Indian women taking part in the fourth leg of the 14-leg Diamond League Meet series are Asian Games gold medallist in 10,000m Preeja Sreedharan and silver medallist Kavita Raut. Sreedharan and Raut are yet to attain Olympics qualification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13756597", "title": "Two more held for assaulting cops in Bicholim", "text": "BICHOLIM: Bicholim police on Saturday arrested two more persons Sagar Gaonkar and Sunil Goankar from Usap, Bicholim, for allegedly assaulting police personnel who had gone there after being informed that a person had been nabbed on suspicion of being a thief.The police personnel were assaulted when they tried to rescue the suspect Ganpat Yeshwant Shirodkar from the clutches of the mob who were beating him up mercilessly. Police had earlier arrested three persons Gurudas Mahadev Gaonkar, Sanjay Zilu Gaonkar and Pandurang Mahadev Gaonkar from the same village.When police reached the spot they saw the victim was beaten up by a group of 10 people and the victim's son Nilesh was looking for help to save his fathers life who is unsound in mind. Police registered two cases in this connection. In the first case they arrested one Eknath Ganesh Gaonkar, 31, from Usap Nanora for allegedly assaulting the victim Ganpat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13759046", "title": "Draw of lots to decide nominated corporator", "text": "NAGPUR: Probably, for the first time in the state, the nominated corporator will be appointed by draw of lots. Settling the two-month-long dispute for one of five seats of nominated corporators, the state government has directed the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to hold draw of lots between the Congress and BSP. With this, a trend has been set and will be applicable whenever such dispute arises between two political parties.NMC received a letter to this effect from the state urban development department (UDD) on Saturday. The letter dated June 1 is a reply to the letter sent by the NMC on April 21. In the letter, the UDD has said, the municipal commissioner should hold draw of lots in case of similar weightage of two or more political parties or groups. \"Draw should be held between the nominated persons from the respective parties. The winner from the lots should be recommended for the seat of nominated corporator,\" said the UDD.Thus, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal will now ask the Congress and BSP to nominate their respective person for the seat. Jaiswal will hold the draw in the presence of concerned persons. The winner from the lots will become the nominated corporator. Once the draw is over, the five posts of nominated corporators will be filled as pending due to dispute for one seat.As per party's weightage system, the Congress and BSP were in tie for one seat. Jaiswal held the meeting of all party leaders on April 7 to resolve the issue. But the meeting ended with no result due to the claims on the seat from both the party leaders. Besides, the leader of Congress Vikas Thakre and BSP Murlidhar Meshram were not ready for draw system citing no such provisions in the law. Jaiswal asked both of the leaders to resolve the issue amicably and inform in the meeting convened on June 11. Nothing could come up from the meeting as both leaders were not ready for the draw. Jaiswal sent a letter to the government asking for a solution on the issue.Following the government's letter, Congress and BSP have expressed satisfaction and are ready for draw. Of total five seats, BJP will get three, Congress one and the fifth one will be picked from the toss-up between Congress and BSP. After the draw, the BJP and Congress will declare the names in the general body meeting and all five will become members of the House. Thus, the strength of the House will increase to 150 as from 145.Now once again the race for nominated corporator will begin within BJP and Congress. BJP is yet to declare the names for three seats. The prominent among the leaders in the race are former corporators Prakash Totwani and Sanjay Bangale, who had sacrificed their seats for senior leaders.Congress is likely to nominate Advocate Vinod Tiwari for its one seat. For the fifth seat, both Congress and BSP are yet to declare the name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753647", "title": "'Provide specialised agency to probe into anomalies in construction of memorials'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta has asked the Akhilesh Yadav government to issue a notification and provide a specialised agency for inquiry into alleged irregularities in construction of memorials and parks in Lucknow and Noida.\"As it is a big inquiry involving various departments and non-public servants, I have requested the government to issue a notification under Section 18 of the UP Lokayukta. This would empower me to hold investigations against people other than government officials or employees as in this case. I have also requested government to provide an agency for assistance which has police powers,\" UP Lokayukta Justice (retired) N K Mehrotra told TOI.The Lokayukta wrote to the government in response to the written request by Akhilesh Yadav government to probe into irregularities in the supply and purchase of sandstone used for construction of various dalit memorials and parks. The government made the request after a preliminary inquiry conducted by the Lucknow police and vigilance establishment found numerous anomalies in construction of the memorials.As per the vigilance department inquiry report, a joint director of directorate of geology and mining had written a letter to the managing director of UP Rajkiya Nirman Nigam (RNN) in July 2007 to arrange for pink variety of sandstone for memorials. He had asked a consortium of mining lease-holders in Mirzapur and Sonbhadra districts for availability of stones. He also asked the RNN to enter into an agreement with Shahi Marble Corporation Makrana, Rajasthan, for delivery of sandstone to Lucknow.The preliminary report further states that a consortium of 39 mining lease-holders from Mirzapur was formed for sandstone supply. The formation of consortium was illegal as several mining lease-holders had not renewed their mining licences. The expenditure on purchasing and supply of sandstone shown on paper by the RNN was allegedly more than double of actual cost. Lease-holders were paid Rs 75 as labour charge, Rs 20 for loading, royalty and sales tax. etc. However, on paper the labour charge was shown at Rs 150 per cubic foot.While 11,330 cubic metre sandstone was supplied between July and December 2007, around 24,282 cubic metre was supplied between January and November 2008. The head of this consortium lives in Makrana area of Rajasthan. The contractors used to illegally mine stones from UP and take them to Makrana for polishing and finishing before sending it to Lucknow and Noida. The stones mined were much more than the requirement. The new inquiry report suspects a scam worth hundreds of crores in stone mining.The government in its letter had also asked the Lokayukta to look into the role of officials of the RNN and Lucknow Development Authority (LDA), the two agencies involved in the construction of parks and memorials.On the other hand, Lucknow police has also come across several cases which indicate large scale anomalies in construction of dalit memorials. Anomalies have been found at every step from bid rigging to over pricing of sand stones and under payment in construction work and from transportation to installation of elephant statues, electrification and plantation of trees.Besides, there was also wasteful expenditure. The total cost of construction of the 14 dalit memorials in Lucknow and Noida is Rs 5,919 crore but it does not include cost of the land and salary of around 6000 employees recruited or deployed for maintenance. The memorials were constructed and demolished to be reconstructed at the whims of Mayawati. Also, public utility buildings like stadium and government buildings (residential as well as official) were demolished to make way for memorials. Apart from construction cost, the demolition and construction led huge loss to public exchequer.While Mayawati said that only one per cent of budget was spent on the memorials, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav claims that financial irregularities to the tune of Rs 40,000 crore took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13754076", "title": "They run Pyaaus to serve a social commitment", "text": "INDORE: Scores of pyaaus (free drinking water kiosks) have come up at various places of the city to quench the thirst of Indoreans who venture out in the scorching heat. These oases appear during every summer here and serve hundreds of people regularly over a period of nearly two-and-half months. These voluntary water kiosks were started following the noble thought of some people, who have been running them for years and generations together uninterruptedly and not expecting any reward or recognition.Dr Arvind Chaurasia is a trustee of Ram Pyaau, the oldest water kiosk in Indore. His grandfather Omkarlal Chaurasia had built the facility way back in 1938. To honour his social commitment, the then ruler Maharaja Yashwantrao Holkar had even granted him the title of 'Rai Ratna'.\"The pyaau is run on a monthly cost of Rs 10,000. Our purpose is to provide clean and safe drinking water to the pedestrians and motorists. By God's grace, we are in a position to extend the help to a few others every year,\" Dr Chaurasia says.Omprakash Gupta, a businessman, has had a pyaau built in memory of his deceased kin. He has hired a full-time employee to look after the water kiosk. Gupta says, \"It is the credo that matters. Our purpose is to look after the society in ways which are in our capacity. We want to return something to the people. So we don't bother about other aspects.\"Lekhraj Chaudhari, who voluntarily took up the task of cleaning and refilling the water tank at a pyaau on Maharani Road, has been doing this job for the last two years. He says, \"The satisfaction you get on quenching someone's thirst can't be expressed in words. Since the facility is close to the railway station, hundreds of people are using it daily. We think that we should help people without the thought of recompense.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13751755", "title": "Boy hurts self while playing with gun", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 10-year-old boy accidentally hurt himself while playing with his father's licensed pistol in Ghaziabad. Police said Anmol Choudhury, who is the son of an advocate, was lucky to have escaped with minor injuries on his left hand and foot after the gun went off.The boy's father, Sanjay Choudhury, had left the room to wash his hands when the gun went off. Their house is at Kavi Nagar. Minutes later, he heard a gunshot and rushed back. \"The child had injuries on a finger of his left hand, where the bullet had struck, and his foot,\" said Sudhir Tyagi, SHO Kavi Nagar. Police said the child was taken to Sarvodya Hospital. \"From what we know, the gun was kept inside the house within the child's reach. It seemed to be an accident waiting to happen,\" said Tyagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13752788", "title": "Boy kills self by asphyxiation", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 17-year-old school boy asphyxiated himself to death in Kovilpalayam on the outskirts of the city after his parents forced him to go to school. He covered his face with a polythene bag and strapped it with insulation tape, severing air supply to his lungs. Police claimed that the victim initially tried to hang himself but was unsuccessful in his attempt and decided to take his life by inducing asphyxiation.The deceased was identified as R Ramki of Kovilpalayam. His father Ravichandran, 50, was a construction labourer and his mother Padmini, 45, a house maid. Ramki was staying with his grand mother Susila at her residence at L Ramankuttai Street in Kovilpalayam for the past few days. Ramki persistently told his parents that he did not wish to attend school as he wanted to start working. He often spent the night at his grandmother's house. The night her grandson took his life, she was asked to stay over by her employers.\"The boy suffered from anxiety and nerves as he could not keep up with school work. He often pleaded with his parents to allow him to quit school and start working,\" said P Dhanalakshmi, sub inspector, Kovilpalayam Police station.Ramki failed to clear his class 10 exams and had to appear for the supplementary exams last year. His parents did try to motivate him. They wanted him to at least complete high school.The body was found more than 15 hours later when Padmini came searching for Ramki on Friday evening. She raised an alarm and the neighbhours notified the local police who claimed the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "13758446", "title": "Bodies of two newborn girls found in Beed", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Beed police on Saturday found bodies of two newborn baby girls under a bridge in Barshinaka area, even as health and police officials are investigating the death of a woman during an abortion of a suspected female foetus at a hospital run by doctor couple Sudam and Saraswati Munde in Parli Vaijanath on May 18.According to police sources, two unidentified women arrived near the bridge in an autorickshaw around 11 am. \"They were carrying a bundle in an orange and blue coloured cloth, which later was found to be containing the bodies. They threw the bundle under the bridge, where the Bindusara river flows, and disappeared before anybody could gather what they were doing,\" the police said. Officials of the city police and the health department rushed to the spot as soon as they received information about the incident.Beed civil surgeon Gauri Rathod said, \"District collector Sadanand Koche has ordered a search of all maternity homes and hospitals to trace the suspects. Several teams comprising officials from the police, revenue and the health departments have been formed to scan maternity homes and hospitals\".The bodies have been sent to the Ambejogai government medical college and hospital for post-mortem . Their DNA samples would be obtained to be matched with the samples of the suspects, if we find any, during our search of the maternity homes and hospitals, Rathod added.Beed collector promises full focus on foeticide issueAurangabad: Beed district collector Sadanand Koche told TOI that it was a disturbing sight to see the bodies of two newborn baby girls that were found by the police under a bridge in Barshinaka area.He said he would give full attention to female foeticide. along with the by-election in Keij assembly constituency on June 12 and carcity-related works.Koche said, \"We have decided to check all maternity homes, medical termination of pregnancy centres, hospitals and sonography centres every fortnight as part of our resolve to check female foeticide.''Two women were carrying a bundle in an orange and blue coloured cloth, which later was found to be containing the bodies . They threw the bundle and disappeared before anybody could gather what they were doing, police said.\"They were carrying a bundle in an orange and blue coloured cloth, which later was found to have contained the bodies. They threw the bundle and disappeared before anybody could gather what they were doing,\" they said.\"Earlier on Friday, a meeting of a taskforce, comprising top revenue, police and health officials, was held to discuss the sequence of events leading to the death of Vijaymala Pattekar at the Munde hospital in Parli Vaijanath,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750313", "title": "Indian Council for Cultural Relations ex-DG, three others face trial for trafficking", "text": "NEW DELHI: A former director general of Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), along with three others, is all set to face trial with a special CBI court ordering the framing of charges against them for their alleged involvement in trafficking nine people to Germany in 2005.Special CBI judge Kanwaljeet Arora said there was \"prima facie\" evidence that the accused, including Rakesh Kumar, the then DG ICCR, misused his official position and collected ill-gotten money from the persons who defected in Germany for including them in the \"so-called cultural group\" so as to facilitate their entry into a foreign land.The court ordered framing of charges against Rakesh Kumar, Shiv Kumar Sharma - the then Punjab Agriculture University employee, Balwinder Bawa - a Punjabi singer, and Gurbhej Singh - constable of Punjab Armed Police, for cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy under the Indian Penal Code.\"Rakesh Kumar used his official position.. to ensure empanelment of the group on the basis of forged documents for extraneous consideration in cash and kind. It is further apparent.. the accused persons had included such persons in this group, who were not the Bhangra artists with the knowledge that they would defect as and when sent abroad for extraneous considerations, which infact they did,\" the court said while fixing June 8 for framing of charges.A bogus cultural group 'Mehak Punjab Di' was formed in 2005 after Harghulab contacted Sharma for sending his son Randeep abroad, it said. Harghulab Singh, a Punjab-based farmer, however later turned approver and was granted pardon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "sherpur", "code": "13750622", "title": "Spring Dale bursts with excitement", "text": "SHERPUR: Making the blistering heat bearable, Spring Dale Senior Secondary Public School organized a summer camp for its students on Saturday. Making best use of the opportunity, students took part in activities like martial arts, yoga, home care, folk dance, western dances, personality development, computers, music and dramatics.The camp was divided into two categories, giving students ample choice to learn the skills of their interest.Dressed up in colourful attire, everyone gathered in the Crystal Hall. After the prayer song, students took part in the activities with a lot of enthusiasm.Special attractions like dance party, magic show and tattoo day were also organized. Excited to see the joy on students' faces, school managing director Avinash Kaur Walia said an interest in learning beyond academics was important for an all-round personality. She stressed upon the importance of extra-curricular activities in a student's life, urging them to enjoy themselves and learn as much as they could.Crafting fun at summer campThe art and craft abilities of kids were explored at a summer camp organized in ABC Montessori School, BRS Nagar, on Saturday. Students tried their hands at painting and making paper flowers and name plates apart from participating in a dance class and enjoying a pool party.If Harman Kaur of BRS Nagar was excited to have learnt to make name plates, Tanu of BRS Nagar was engrossed in perfecting her paper flowers. For tiny Samerdeep Singh, it was the dancing and pool party that mattered most.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13758824", "title": "Manikrao Thakre warns of strong action", "text": "NAGPUR: Stung by humiliating defeat of the party candidates in two Vidarbha seats in the biennial elections for legislative council last Monday, Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre has dispatched two fact-finding teams to Vidarbha to find out reasons for the party's poor show.\"The teams have already started their work and would submit their reports by Tuesday. This time a strong action will be taken against those found working against the party's interests,\" Thakre told TOI on Saturday. He also indicated that some party MLAs could be involved and action will be taken if their role in party candidates' defeat was established.Congress candidate Rahul Puglia was defeated in Chandrapur-Gadchiroli-Wardha seat by BJP's Mitesh Bhangadiya while Congress nominee Aniruddha Deshmukh lost the election in Amravati seat to BJP's Pravin Pote. What came as a shock was that of the six MLC seats for which polling was held on May 25 and results declared on Monday last, the Congress won only one seat - Latur. The NCP won three and the BJP two.On Saturday, the two-man MPCC team of ex-minister Balasaheb Shirvarkar and MPCC secretary Sharad Aher began their tour of Chandrapur, Gadchiroli and Wardha. They met Congress leaders and activists at Gadchiroli rest house. Armori MLA Anandrao Gedam met the committee members who later called on MP Marotrao Kowase at his residence and sought his views on Puglia's defeat.Notably, Rahul Puglia was defeated by a big margin of 203 votes by Bhangaidya who managed to garner 403 of the total 619 valid votes polled. It was clear that several Congress votes too went to the BJP. Along with 219 votes of Congress and 87 of NCP the total votes that Puglia could have got was 307. Still Puglia got only 200 votes pointing to cross-voting and horse-trading in the election. In Amravati, Deshmukh lost to Pote by 38 votes.The two-member panel later visited Chandrapur and held a meeting of senior leaders and party workers at the circuit house. Chandrapur Congress unit president Gajanan Gawande was among those who aired their views. Local leaders from Chandrapur, Ballarpur, Warora, Bhadrawati and other places were present. The committee will visit Wardha on Sunday and hold similar talks with leaders there to access the reason of defeat.Another team comprising ex-MP Bhaskar Patil-Khatgaonkar and Basavraj Patil-Nagralkar is expected to reach Amravati on Sunday and carry out the probe. The two teams will return to Mumbai and submit reports by Tuesday to the MPCC president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13776832", "title": "Monica Bellucci imparts knowledge about how to be stylish in your 40s", "text": "Monica Bellucci , the ever-gorgeous Italian model, has shed light on certain factors that need to be kept in mind to ensure that one looks stylish even in their forties.The tips given by 47-year-old include being brave, sensual and walking tall.\"When you are in your forties it's more important to be sensual than sexy. Sexy is a word that is right for very young girls; as you get older you should focus on being elegant,\" the Telegraph quoted her as saying.\"The first thing to get right is your attitude. Of course, every woman has her own style, but the best way to carry that style is with confidence,\" she said.The next pointer is creating a bold look.\"When you're young you can do so many crazy things with your make-up. As you get older you're constantly told to wear less make-up, which I think is stupid.\"I know a woman who is over 50 and has crazy bright make-up with crazy blonde hair, but is so pretty and funny with it. You should be brave with your make-up.\"I love red lipstick, especially when I'm under the spotlight. Alternatively, I like dark eyes with natural lipstick. I like to be pretty for myself,\" she said.Keeping it simple kcomes next in line.\"Even if you're popping out to buy some bread and just wearing jeans and a T-shirt, buy the right ones for your shape. Pure and simple lines are very flattering in clothing, especially for me as my body's curvy.\"As long as you have the basic shape right, then you can change colours and patterns. You need to wear clothes you feel strong in - you want to wear the dress, not have the dress wear you,\" she said.Other tips including being aware of the right hue for oneself, not being a slave of trends and being natural - \"being yourself\".\"You don't have to fit one mould to be stylish in your forties. I like simple, elegant things, but it all depends on your attitude and character.\"For me, the problem with fashion sometimes is that they want to create a law where everybody is the same. I do not like perfection. It is so boring. Just walk tall and be confident in who you are - style will then come naturally,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13751590", "title": "HUDA spends 1 lakh a day on sanitation: How clean is your street?", "text": "GURGAON: Believe it or not, Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) spends nearly Rs 1 lakh every day on sanitation and cleaning of just one half of the city.In an RTI reply, HUDA has revealed that in last financial year, Rs 3.57 crore was spent on sanitation in colonies under the jurisdiction of Estate Office One (EO-I). HUDA has divided the entire city into two estate offices for administrative purposes. The total sanitation expenditure could be nearly double for the entire city. Interestingly, in September 2011, when the administrator, Praveen Kumar, took over, HUDA had spent Rs 38.18 lakh on sanitation works in EO-I, which is headed by Narinder Yadav.Surprised at the expenditure details, R S Rathi, president of Gurgaon Citizens' Council, said: \"This is nothing less than a scam because the maximum chunk of the colonies in EO-I are under the MCG. It needs to be probed as to how all this money was spent.\"The EO-I covers Sectors 4, 5, 7, 14, 15, 17, 21, 22 and 23. While on the one hand, HUDA spends about Rs 1 lakh a day on sanitation of these areas, the ground reality is completely different. The RWAs of these sectors have been complaining about the shoddy sanitation work by the contractor hired by HUDA.Reacting to the expenditure details, Sector 4 RWA general secretary Amit Arora said: \"This is shocking. There is virtually no sanitation work happening in our sectors. If HUDA has paid so much of money to contractors, they should also hold them accountable to deliver.\" The RTI application seeking expenditure on sanitation of filed by Raman Sharma, a resident of Malibu Towne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13749863", "title": "Public Accounts Committee assault: AGP seeks arrest of guilty", "text": "GUWAHATI: The AGP on Saturday took to the streets in the city to press for the immediate arrest of Congress leaders who assaulted Public Accounts Committee (PAC) members at the circuit house in Nagaon district.Last Tuesday, when the PAC, headed by its chairman Sirajuddin Ajmal, was visiting Nagaon district to do a spot assessment of some agriculture and rural development projects, a group of Congress leaders assaulted BJP legislator Prasanta Phukan, who was also in the team.Later, the PAC team lodged an FIR against Nagaon Zilla Parishad vice-president Nurul Huda and members Manik Ali and Saiful Islam. Subsequently, Nagaon Police arrested Islam, a member of Gorajan Zilla Parishad. Two other accused - Nagaon Zilla Parishad vice-president Nurul Huda and member Manik Ali are still absconding.\"There should be a transparent inquiry into the matter. How the accused Congress leaders are getting protection? Who are the real culprits behind this awful act? A high level and neutral inquiry must be done to find out the truth. We held a statewide protest today and submitted our prayers to speaker through the district administration,\" said AGP publicity cell in charge Monoj Saikia.A source said the two accused Congress leaders were seen in various party activities over the last few days. \"Huda was there in a party meet on Thursday,\" he added. Already additional chief secretary P K Choudhury has started an inquiry into the matter. He is expected to furnish a detailed probe report within 10 days.On Friday, AGP leaders, led by Phani Bhusan Chowdhury, met speaker Pranab Kumar Gogoi and submitted a memorandum on the issue. The AGP came down heavily on chief minister Tarun Gogoi and blamed him of shielding the culprits.\"Tarun Gogoi is maintaining silence on the issue. It means that Congress leaders are behind the act and they are protecting those goons,\" added Saikia. Leaders of BJP, AIUDF and other parties termed the attack as \"shameful\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13754981", "title": "Three killed in accident, six others injured", "text": "MADURAI: Three persons were seriously injured and three others sustained injuries when a mini van and lorry collided head-on near Sempatti in Dindigul district on Saturday.Sandhiyagu (65) of Vakkampattti in Dindigul district was a radio equipment and serial bulb operator who rendered his services for marriage functions, renting mikes, radios and serial bulbs for decorations. He had been booked for a marriage function in Sakkainaikanur two days ago. He had gone there early on Saturday to take back his equipment. His sons Kristuraja (22) and Baskar (17) were accompanying him in the van driven by Thillairaja from Vakkampatti.They were returning home through Sempatti, when their vehicle collided with an empty mini lorry which was going back to Kodaikanal after unloading a consignment of tomatoes in the Dindigul market. The mini lorry was driven by Ravi (45) of Moonjikal. Both vehicles were navigating a bend on the road near the Samathuvapuram in Sempatti when they collided head-on.The driver and Sandhiyagu died on the spot. His sons sustained serious injuries along with some others who were travelling in the back of their vehicle. Ravi, the driver of the mini lorry, died on the way to the Dindigul government hospital.Sempatti police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13751445", "title": "Junior engineer in the dock for forging certificate", "text": "GURGAON: A junior engineer who had forged the signature of an executive engineer to issue a 'no dues' certificate has been relieved of his duty and sent back to his parent department.Had it not been for a private bank, this case of corruption involving a junior engineer employed with the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) would probably never have been detected. According to sources, the junior engineer had forged the signature of an executive engineer in the building department and issued a no dues certificate to a small-time builder a few months ago. The certificate is necessary to sell or purchase any property.While everything went on smoothly till this point, the matter got highlighted only after the private bank, in which the builder had applied for a loan, sent the document to verify whether the area was an authorized colony or not.\"It was during the process of scrutiny of the documents we received from the bank that we discovered that this no dues certificate was never issued by the authority concerned. This came as a big surprise for us and we carried out an internal check to determine who forged the signature of the executive engineer. At last we were able to zero in on a junior engineer who colluded with the builder and managed to get this certificate issued without getting caught,\" said an official.\"We suspect that this junior engineer might have carried out similar acts of corruption in the past as well. We are in the process of verifying all the documents that have been issued in the recent past. As a precautionary measure, the engineer has been relieved of his duties and has been sent back to his parent department. An internal inquiry into him is still on and once the facts are proved, the necessary action will be taken against him,\" the official added.The no dues certificate has been a major cause of worry for the MCG and the maximum number of corruption cases have been reported from this department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13753234", "title": "Pre-monsoon activities begins in state", "text": "BHOPAL: Pre-monsoon activities have finally started in the state. The trend of rise in temperatures for the last several days reversed on Saturday with temperatures coming down to 1 to 3 degrees at many places.The change in weather conditions was attributed to rise in air moisture coming from the Bay of Bengal. Officials of the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle, confirmed that pre-monsoon activities have started in the state, with Jabalpur recording a rainfall of 2.2 mm in past 24 hours. Weathermen said that temperature was likely to come down in the next few days.Meanwhile, Khajuraho recorded a maximum of 46.6 degrees followed by Naugaon that registered 46.0 degrees. The maximum temperature at Rewa, Damoh and Gwalior hovered around 45 degrees.The temperature at Bhopal, Indore and Jabalpur ranged between 43.7 and 25.0 degree Celsius.Bhopal recorded a maximum of 39.9 degrees against a minimum of 29.6 (+3) degrees. The maximum at Indore remained at 38.0 degrees and minimum at 25. Jabalpur recorded a maximum temperature of 43.7 (+4) degrees while minimum there was 33.0 (+6) degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "abuja", "code": "13783975", "title": "14 dead as suicide car bomb hits church in Nigeria", "text": "ABUJA: In the latest deadly attack on Christians in Nigeria, at least 14 people were killed and many injured when a suicide car bomber detonated his explosives inside a church compound in the country's north today, police said.The blast occurred at the Living Faith church near the capital of Nigeria's northern state of Bauchi, they said.State police commissioner Mohammed Ladan said a police checkpoint has prevented the bomber from gaining access to his target.\"So he rammed the car into a security gate and the car exploded,\" said Ladan.While a police source told PTI that security forces are still verifying the extent of damage. The source said the death toll from the blast could rise.No group has claimed responsibility but the attack bears the signature of a radical Islamic militant sect - Boko Haram - which has been bombing churches and other public squares in the oil-rich African country with the intention of installing an Islamic state.The group had targeted and killed several politicians and Muslim religious leaders in the northern region for not conforming to their aspiration.On April 29, gunmen had killed at least 15 people in an attack on a university theatre being used by Christians in northern Nigeria's biggest city, Kano.Nigeria has 160 million people and is split between a largely Muslim north and Christian south.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13753223", "title": "Govt in dark about virus deaths", "text": "PATNA: Encephalitis hits Muzaffarpur and Gaya regions every year, but the state health department is yet to identify the type of virus causing this disease.There are various types of encephalitis. Last year, in Gaya, experts had said it was Japanese Encephalitis (JE). Health secretary Sanjay Kumar said, in 2011, 15 children had died due to JE while the rest died due to encephalitis. With regard to Muzaffarpur, the state government is not sure whether it was JE or encephalitis. A team of the national institute of virology (NIV), Pune, had come here last year. In its preliminary report, the team had denied that it was JE though its final report was still awaited. A team from Union health ministry had also visited the state in 2011. It had confirmed the disease to be encephalitis though the type of the virus was not identified.The dilemma continues regarding recent death of five children in the state. Two deaths in Gaya and three in Muzaffarpur were reported earlier, bringing back the fear of last year when 89 children had died of the disease.Principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha said, \"The health volunteers of Asha and auxiliary nurse midwives ) have been visiting every village with DDT and malathion spray under the mass immunization programme launched by the government. One major problem is that even after vaccine is administered, patients develop acute encephalitis syndrome which makes the vaccine ineffective.\"Sinha, however, said, \"The official data of death figure in the state this year stands at two with both the deaths occurring at Gaya.\" He denied deaths due to encephalitis in Muzaffarpur, claiming that an intensive campaign had been launched in the district by the health department last year after the outbreak of the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752898", "title": "Cell towers: Rajasthan to send proposal to Centre", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government will send a proposal to the Centre to formulate a policy on \"possible\" health hazards due to mobile towers without affecting mobile coverage, principal secretary, urban development and housing (UDH) GS Sandhu said on Saturday.Sandhu was addressing a gathering of telecom experts, telecommunication officials, doctors and NGO activists during a seminar on 'Ensuring Public health &amp; Safety in the Mobile Industry' organized by ASSOCHAM (The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry) at Officers Training School. He said, \"As far as cancer is concerned, there may be many reasons. If telecom towers are one of the reasons, so what precautions should be taken to deal with it? How can government of India and cellular fraternity avoid it? In this regard, there should be a guideline.\"He said, \"The Centre should formulate a policy on it and send it to us. There are so many communication gaps. We are not finding any conclusions.\" Sandhu said that the high court has constituted a committee for testing radiation. There is another committee comprising DoT officials and telecom companies and state government officials.He said the chief minister and chief secretary have already written to the Centre to send experts here to find out that if the radiation emitted by the towers was causing health hazards.In the seminar, Sudhir Kasliwal was also present who said that three of his family members had cancer. The doctors had advised them to stay away from telecom radiation. The DoT officials claimed that the radiation emitted by telecom towers in Jaipur is within the prescribed limit and is not causing health hazard.G P Srivastava, deputy director general, DoT, made a presentation on the government policies for radiation and related safety of public health.M Pant, DDG (TERM Cell), Jaipur also assured the participants that not only each and every cell site is being certified, but the TERM Cell was also auditing sites rigorously to ensure compliance with the applicable safety standards. It was also pointed out that all the tests conducted till date showed that the radiations were far below the safety limits and that there was no cause for concern. \"We have tested radiation at 509 Base Transceiver Station (BTS) in Jaipur and we found that the radiations emitted by the towers are within the prescribed limit set at international level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750603", "title": "Pahadi Shareef residents asked to pay unbilled power charges after years", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as frequent unscheduled power shedding has become the norm in the Old City, residents of Pahadi Shareef are confronted with yet another bigger problem. Dues on power bills accrued, running into tens of thousands of rupees, for as long as six years owing to non issue of bills by officials, have now come back to haunt them.Mohammed Fareed, a resident of Jalpalli Gate, had received his last bill in 2006 which amounted to Rs 350 and since then he has not been billed for power usage. When the bill collectors came knocking and demanded that he clear the dues, Fareed was flummoxed. But his shock knew no bounds when the pending amount was calculated. \"I was asked what my last bill payment amount was. When I told them, they took that as monthly amount for the last six years and calculated the outstanding amount. They asked me to make payment within 25 days,\" he rued. He added that he has not made any payment so far and has made representations to higher officials.Mohammed Amir of New Baba Nagar narrates a similar story. He was getting his bills regularly until four years ago. But when the bills stopped coming, the dues began to accumulate. He has not approached the authorities apprehensive of the huge arrears he would be forced to pay.Residents say that the problem of bills is faced only by old customers. According to them, those who have taken new connections are being intimated through SMS about their bill amount, a facility not extended to the old customers. They also alleged that the problem is because bill collectors are hired through outsourcing.\"Bill management and collection have been long flawed in this area. The CPDCL opened counters for bill payment but what purpose does it serve when people do not have bills? Several dwellings have come up and are awaiting installation of meters. But owing to delayed installation, power is being used by people who are yet to get an account,\" said Saadat Hussain, another resident of Pahadi Shareef.CPDCL officials maintain that there is no delay in distribution of bills on their part. \"Distribution of bills in Pahadi Shareef happens by tenth of every month. Sometimes we may have a delay of a day or two. But all the bills are regularly distributed. The consumers have to report non receipt of bills to us. We have not received any complaints regarding such long delays,\" said A Swamy, assistant divisional engineer, Pahadi Shareef division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13751335", "title": "DLF III water problems continue", "text": "GURGAON: The residents of DLF Phase III are unhappy with the solution provided by their RWA to sort out the water problems. Earlier, Baljeet Singh, general manager, DLF Estate Development Ltd (DEDL) took permission from Ground Water Authority, Gurgaon to revive the scarcely used borewells by cleaning the motor pumps, in which mud have accumulated. When contacted, deputy commissioner P C Meena said, \"So long as DLF only cleans the accumulated dirt in the motors of the registered borewells, it is absolutely fine.\" While the RWA had planned to get the borewells cleared by Monday, residents claimed this will not help their cause. These are temporary solutions. In reality, all the water gets sucked into other areas like Cyber city before it reaches us,\" complained angry residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13771627", "title": "These kids have beaten all my expectations: Marzi", "text": "More popularly known and teased as 'Udi Baba' (even by the kids!), Marzi Pestonji has a way to charm the young ones and make them feel comfortable on the sets of Dance India Dance Li'l Masters.He says, \"These young children take my case left, right and centre. But I like to be humourous because I believe if we make fun of others, we should give others the power to make fun of us also.\" His experience of teaching for over 15 years is coming handy for being a judge on the show. Although Marzi had insisted not to be a judge as he is \"a Parsi boy and a very shy one at that, I was too scared to face the camera,\" he is happy to be a part of the show now that it is back with its second seasonAbout the show, he says, \"It feels great to be a part of the show. Also, there is a huge responsibility as we are responsible for the kids' growth. This time, I have stopped expecting anything as they are just superb. They have beaten all our expectations with their power-packed performances.\" But when these kids have to leave the show, a sentimental Marzi feels too bad. He says, \"It is a very bad feeling when these little wonders cry in front of you. But life is about ups and downs. Ever since they start school, they are faced with competition so they know that not everyone can come first.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13755835", "title": "'Attempts to censor the web ill-advised'", "text": "PANAJI: Amid concerted government attempts to censor the internet and the recent blocking of file-sharing websites due to a court order based on a petition by producers of a Tamil film, speakers at a discussion on Saturday felt that there was a fear of freedom of expression among those affected by it, primarily the powerful.At the discussion on 'freedom of expression and privacy: Proposition' held at Goa University, senior journalist Paranjoy Guha Thakurta felt the increasing attempts at online censorship were a consequence of the government being unable to formulate coherent responses to the widening of the limits to freedom of expression on the internet.He was of the view that all stakeholders should be consulted before any legislation in this regard.Vickram Crishna of Privacy International spoke about \"the fear of freedom of expression\". While stating that the internet access had jumped due to the increased usage of smartphones, he observed that \"there were concerted moves to make these things (censorship) happen in India\".\"What use is access, if we don't have freedom of expression?\" Crishna questioned.Geeta Seshu of The Hoot was of the opinion that the world was also seeing the rise of powerful web players such as search engines and social networks with no obligations to permit free speech.Chinmayi Arun of the National University of Juridical Sciences echoed this view. She felt freedom of speech and expression were vulnerable because they receive very little protection from non-state factors. She felt surveillance may soon become as serious a threat to free speech as censorship.Advocate Apar Gupta felt there are better safeguards against banning books, while web content bans see almost no safeguards.Touching on the ban on file-sharing sites, Lawrence Liang of Alternative Law Forum felt private bodies such as ISPs were being given powers of the state.Anja Kovacs of Internet Democracy Project was critical of the government instructing internet service providing companies to setup servers in the country. The internet as we know it will stop to exist if we have server requirements in all countries, she said.Frederick Norohna of publishing house Goa 1556, Siddhart Narrain and Danish Sheikh of the Alternative Law Forum, Paromita Vohra of Devi Pictures and Werner Souza also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13756437", "title": "What measures would you recommend when setting up a second medical college in Goa?", "text": "The first suggestion is to ensure there is appropriate infrastructure that meets the requirements of the medical council of India. To set up this kind of infrastructure will take a long time, two years at least. It is good that the college will be a state-run one, as kick backs and capitation fees that come with a private college are too many. Although there has been an increase in the number of seats at GMC, this increase seems to have been done in a hurried manner. The authorities should also think about the future and job opportunities of these students. They need to make sure that job opportunities are available, as avenues are less even abroad. Another aspect is that doctors want to remain in the cities, but the cities are saturated with doctors. However, the situation is exactly the opposite in villages. Facilities need to be improved at the rural level so that doctors consider working there.Francisco Colaco, Cardiologist, MargaoI am happy that the government is considering setting up a second medical college in the state as Goan students have to face many hardships in seeking admissions outside the state. To have another college in the state is a matter of pride. However, authorities need to ensure good teaching staff and basic facilities. A medical college also needs a tough administrator and the academic atmosphere should be competitive. Besides, no rules should be waived and loopholes should be avoided during examinations. Our CM is dynamic and will surely consider all these aspects.Fatima Menezes Mesquita, Opthamologist Surgeon, VascoOnly time will tell if the decision to set up a second medical college in South Goa is right or wrong. However, to set up a new medical college, the government should first come up with proper planning. There should be planning for proper classrooms, various departments, OTs, ICUs, faculty blocks and a morgue. The required number of qualified staff like doctors should also be recruited. The task is not small as the existing medical college first needs filling up of so many vacancies. It also requires better equipment, organization etc.Padmanabh Rataboli, Doctor, BritonaThe government needs to be congratulated for planning to set up a medical college and hospital in Margao. We badly need to improve the medical facilities in government hospitals by increasing the number of doctors and nurses. This college will resolve this problem to a good extent. But, the doctors should be made to work in rural areas for at least for two years as government would be spending huge amounts on these doctors.Ranjan Naik, Consultant, health services, Panaji", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13783683", "title": "Obama's presidential pardon to fifth-grader for missing school", "text": "WASHINGTON: (PTI) Want to miss school? Get a good absent note.A fifth-grader in the US did just that by getting a handwritten note from Barack Obama asking the teacher to excuse his absence from school as he was with the American President.Tyler Sullivan, a fifth-grader Rochester, went to watch his father, Ryan Sullivan, introduce President Obama before the president's speech at Honeywell in Golden Valley.When he returns to class tomorrow, Tyler can show his teacher a handwritten note from the president explaining where he was, Post-Bulletin newspaper reported.\"Mr Ackerman, please excuse Tyler. He was with me!\" Obama wrote on a card with the presidential seal and then signed it.\"I was sitting in the front row,\" the 11-year-old told NBC . \"I was pretty excited.\"But Tyler had even more reason to be bowled over when he had the opportunity of meeting Obama and shaking his hand.\"I said, \"Hi President,\" Tyler told the network. \"And then he started asking me questions and he was like, 'Oh, you must be out of school then?'\"The President then reached for a pad of paper and a pen from the White House and proceeded to write the schoolboy an excuse note, complete with a presidential signature.The president addressed the issue of veteran unemployment at the Honeywell Golden Valley facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13780396", "title": "Not offended by Ramdev's remarks, will convince him: Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rebutting allegations that he left the fast venue after Ramdev virtually snubbed him, Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal today said that he had to leave as he was unwell and he has the \"greatest respect\" for the yoga guru.\"I had to leave fast venue because I am very unwell. I told this to Anna and swamiji. It is wrong to say that I left in protest,\" Kejriwal said in a tweet.\"I have greatest respect for swamiji,\" he tweeted. He said he would convince the yoga guru about the importance of taking names and demand action against corrupt people.\"This is a political battle and we will have to name and shame and demand severe action against corrupt people,\" he said in his tweet.\"I will personally speak to Swami Ramdev ji. I am sure I will be able to persuade him that naming is important,\" he said.Earlier, yoga guru Ramdev, while virtually snubbing Kejrival, disapproved of his comments against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and other politicians during his fast along with Anna Hazare saying he was against personal criticism.Soon after Kejriwal, who was on fast along with Anna Hazare and the yoga guru, finished his speech, Ramdev took the microphone and said \"today, we thought that we will not take anybody's name. But Arvind took the names\".\"We don't want any controversies. Arvind does not have any enmity with anyone. The names have been taken in some context. We are against personal criticism,\" he said.During his speech, Kejriwal attacked Singh and his Cabinet colleagues whom Team Anna had accused of indulging in corruption and mentioned the names of Mulayam Singh Yadav, Lalu Prasad Yadav, Jayalalithaa and Mayawati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13767608", "title": "Country\u2019s growth depends on growth of farmers: Former vice-chancellor of BHU", "text": "VARANASI: A Kisan Gosthi and exhibition cum training programme was organized at Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Chandauli by Rural Indian Development Foundation, Chandauli, Foundation for Agriculture Advancement and Rural Development, Varanasi, and Macro Management Programme of Institute of Agricultural Science, Banaras Hindu University on Saturday.Addressing the inaugural function, Prof Panjab Singh, former vice-chancellor of BHU, said that the growth of country depends on the growth of farmers. Giving an example of the paddy yield of 172 quintal per hectare by Bihar farmers in comparison to 27 q/ha in Chandauli district of UP, he said that there was vast scope to improve paddy productivity.He said that farmers had to be competitive and should work in group so that they could influence the decision of local market as well as government price policies.Speaking on the occasion Prof Rajesh Singh of the department of Genetics and Plant Breeding, BHU said that last year the breeder seeds of Nati Mansuri and Sambha Mansuri of paddy were distributed among the farmers to bring them in seed production mode. A good foundation seed of these varieties was produced by the Chandauli farmers and about 1500 quintals seeds were produced in the supervision of scientist of BHU, National Seed Corporation and officials of state government, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13753793", "title": "20 jump into election fray to grab first citizen's honours", "text": "LUCKNOW: Saturday was the last day to file nomination for mayor's election. As many as 20 contestants are in the fray for the mayor's post.With Bahujan Samaj Party and Samajwadi Party deciding not to contest election on party symbol, the direct fight this time is expected to be between Bharatiya Janata Party candidate and sitting mayor Prof Dinesh Sharma and Dr Neeraj Bora of the Congress.Though SP could not win mayor election in the city in the past, it used to get substantial votes. However, this time with SP keeping out, the fate of the two candidates will be decided by the fact as to which way the SP votes eventually swing.While, Prof Sharma is facing a tough task to retain the seat, the challenge before Dr Bora would be to remove 'unlucky' tag. Sharma was reluctant to re-contest, but BJP forced him because the party does not want to lose its stronghold.Dr Bora, on the other hand, had contested assembly elections twice from two different seats of Lucknow, but lost by narrow margins. Both have a good image. While Prof Sharma teaches in commerce faculty of Lucknow University, Dr Bora is a medical practitioner.Sources in the BJP said that Prof Sharma wanted to contest 2014 Lok Sabha election from Lucknow. In fact, he was one of the favourite candidates in 2009, but BJP gave ticket to Lalji Tandon, a loyalist of former prime minister and Lucknow MP Atal Bihari Vajpayee .BJP leaders in private admit that Prof Sharma is more popular than Tandon but 'political compulsions' forced them to field Tandon who won by a low margin.The graph of saffron party has dropped since then. It could win only one seat out of five in Lucknow city in the recently held assembly elections. A victory in mayor elections will boost party's prospect for 2014 Lok Sabha elections. In 2006, after a tough fight, Prof Sharma had defeated Congress candidate Manzoor Ahmad, former IPS officer, with a margin of over 9,000 votes.Sharma had polled 2.21 lakh votes, while Ahmad got 2.12 lakh. Madhu Gupta of the SP was third with 1.58 lakh votes. Total votes polled were 7.65 lakh. Now both the Congress and BJP would try to grab maximum of SP's vote share.The Samajwadi Party had also performed well in the recently held assembly elections in which it won three seats out of five in Lucknow.In such a scenario, when SP is not in the fray, political analysts feel that the individual popularity of the candidate would play an important role.People will also judge them on the basis of their performance. Sharma would not only face anti-incumbency, but also internal bickering in the party. In fact, a senior leader of the BJP's women wing Samyuta Bhatia filed her nomination as an independent candidate after denied ticket by the party. Earlier, Dr SC Rai had completed two terms as the first citizen of Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ipoh (malaysia)", "code": "13776605", "title": "FIH considering 5-a-side format to promote hockey among youth", "text": "IPOH (MALAYSIA): A five-a-side format to promote hockey among young players is under the International Hockey Federation's consideration, FIH president Leandro Negre said on Sunday.Addressing the media at the Azlan Shah Cup, Negre said the FIH was mainly concentrating on its two main properties - the traditional outdoor game with 11 players on each side and the indoor version that is very popular in Europe.\"Out sports is about these two versions. But with an eye on promoting hockey among youth, we are thinking about the 5-a-side concept,\" Negre said.\"This also involves the question of linking hockey to the Youth Games,\" said the FIH president.Negre said no big changes in hockey rules would take place for some time.\"Hockey has had so many changes inside a few years, that we need to stop somewhere,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13751712", "title": "After 6 years, allottees to move court", "text": "NOIDA: After waiting to gain possession of their flats for six years, allottees of the 2006 residential housing scheme by the Noida Authority have finally decided to move court.The Noida Authority had floated a scheme for 2,150 flats in Sectors 99, 100 and 135 in 2006. Of these, 400 flats were earmarked for the economically weaker sections (EWS), 1,050 flats for the low-income group (LIG), and 500 and 200 flats for medium-income group (MIG) and high-income group (HIG) applicants respectively.Possession of all the flats was to be given to the allottees latest by March 16, 2010. While some of the flats were allotted, many allottees are still to gain possession of their flats. What's more, the Authority is yet to conduct a draw for the LIG flats under the scheme even after collecting the entire sum-running into several lakhs-from the applicants.\"At the time of launching the scheme, the Authority had assured the allottees that they were all successful applicants and would be allotted a flat. We were told that we will soon be given our respective flats as well floor numbers. Hence, we were asked to deposit the full cost of the flats, which we did after taking hefty bank loans,\" said P C Shekhar, an allottee.According to the Authority's as well as the allottees' records, for the LIG flats, the allottees had paid Rs 13.3-14 lakh while submitting applications in November 2006 and the balance, Rs 11.9 lakh, was deposited in March 2007. That was when the draw of lots was scheduled.\"However, over 1,000 applicants are yet to get possession of their flats despite regular reminders to the Authority. Since we had not been given flat numbers, etc, no government bank was willing to give us loan. Most applicants had to take loans from private banks and for the last six years have been paying their respective EMIs, interest at the rate of 13-14%, and the rent for their current accommodation,\" said another applicant.While the housing department officials remained unavailable for comment, the additional CEO of the Authority, Pramanshu Kumar, said he has taken up the matter with the department concerned.\"Only today (Saturday) I directed the department to present all the related files and information before me to pinpoint the reason for delay. Many of the applicants have been suffering for years and we will definitely address the problem,\" he said. Some allottees have taken the matter to the district consumer forum, hoping for relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13750148", "title": "Three new streams in Plus III this year", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to conduct e-admission in all 1,315 junior and 661 degree colleges for the 2012-13 academic session. However, some changes have been made in the system. In stead of the conventional streams of arts, science and commerce, degree colleges will have five streams including arts, biological sciences, physical sciences, commerce and self financing from the coming academic session.While arts will have all humanity subjects, chemistry, botany and zoology (CBZ) will come under biological science. Physics, chemistry and mathematics will come under physical science, commerce will have all commerce subjects while self financing will have subjects like IT, computer science, electronics and tele-communications.The online application forms are available in the website www.dheorissa.in from June 1. Last date of submission of online application is June 15 and at SAMS resource centres on June 16. There will be only one selection list and those who won't take admission through this will go for spot selection admission for the remaining seats. There will be a provision of SC/ST extension section admission for scheduled caste and scheduled tribe students.Meanwhile, the state government has issued show cause notice to over 400 junior and degree colleges for low enrollment and poor results. A committee will decide what action to be taken against these colleges, said higher education secretary Chandra Sekhar Kumar.\"We have sought an explanation from colleges where more than 50 per cent seats remained vacant last year and the colleges which have been recording less than 50 per cent pass percentage for three consecutive years,\" Kumar said.According to official sources, around 60,000 seats remained vacant in junior colleges and over 7,000 seats were unfulfilled in degree colleges last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13748596", "title": "Parties use unique mode to deliver message", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Bharat bandh and UP bandh called by National Democratic Alliance and Samajwadi Party provided a perfect platform to parties sulking under the results of assembly elections in the state to make their presence felt once again in a big manner. And in order to accomplish this, the city 'netas' tried every trick in their book to hog limelight on the issue which has assumed national dimension.For senior Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and national co-convenor, Panchayati raj cell, Yogesh Shukla it was time to recollect memories of student days as he rode a cycle rickshaw on the roads of busy Chowk locality to drive home the point that despite technological advancement, cycle rickshaws and bicycles have not lost their relevance given the skyrocketing prices of petrol.Talking to TOI, he said, \"Looking at the rate at which inflation is increasing in the country and items of daily use are going out of the reach of common man, we should be ready to switch over to the primitive mode of lifestyle.\" To back his argument he said that in this fast paced life and rapid urbanisation distances have become a secondary factor thanks to the increasing use of two-wheelers and four-wheelers on the road. On the other hand a section of party leaders led by national spokesperson, Siddharta Nath Singh took out a symbolic funeral procession marking the decimation of UPA government.Young turks of Samajwadi Party led by Abhishek Yadav apart from sticking to their basics of public agitation by stopping two important trains on different overbridge also brought vehicular movement on the Allahabad-Kanpur national highway to a standstill. They also formed a human chain extending to a kilometre before torching an effigy of the prime minister drawing the ire of security personnel present on the spot.Taking the agitation to a humorous mode another section of SP workers harnessed a pair of donkeys to a four wheeler car which was subsequently pulled by the beast of burden drawing cheers from the bystanders.Adopting their conventional method of entering into a direct interaction with the public, activists of the Communist Party of India Marxist staged a nukkad sabha interspersed with songs in local Bhojpuri dialect and occasional jigs to portray the pain and agony of common man.Sharing his views with TOI, an insurance agent, Naveen Pathak, said, \"My job involves commuting from one corner of the city to another on a daily basis. Under the scorching heat, a two wheeler is a necessity rather than luxury and any rise in the price of petrol forces us to think twice on the monetary benefits of a visit to a client. Moreover we are forced to curb our daily visits and maintain an account of every drop of petrol consumed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13750178", "title": "Tidal waves lash Ganjam village", "text": "BERHAMPUR: High tidal waves destroyed several houses in Podampeta on Saturday morning, rendering at least 30 fishermen families in the costal village of Ganjam district homeless. Other families in Nolia Sahi area of the village are living in fear as tidal waves are likely to intensify ahead of the full moon day on Monday.\"We have shifted the affected families to a neighbouring cyclone shelter centre, while a few other families are being provided polythene sheets,\" said district collector Krishan Kumar. Ganjam tehsildar is camping in the village and monitoring the situation, the collector added.\"The situation is alarming as the sea is inching towards the village. Urgent steps are needed to save the village,\" said one of the affected villagers. \"We are in the grip of fear as the sea is rough ahead of the full moon day,\" said B Kali , another affected person in the village.Last year, around 50 families were affected when high tidal waves lashed their houses, villagers added.\"Construction of a strong seawall and dredging of the river mouth are the only ways to protect the village. We have requested the administration several times to take such measures, but to no avail,\" said Palibandh panchayat sarpanch Hemalata Behera.The district administration has proposed to shift 148 families of the village to Podagada. Around 5.40 acres of land have been acquired to rehabilitate them, sources said. \"We have already constructed the road and drains there. Other facilities like electricity and drinking water will be provided soon,\" said a government officer.Former sarpanch Dillip Chhotray demanded all families of the village be shifted to other locations. The village is home to around 380 families having 1,000-odd members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13750384", "title": "Star moms cool with their curves", "text": "MUMBAI: When Aishwarya Rai-Bachchan walked the red carpet at Cannes, there were some sniggers about her weight, however, the media said that she was confidently showing off her curves embracing motherhood.She swims against the tide of actresses trying to slim down immediately after giving birth. Months after giving birth to a baby girl, Rai has yet to regain her pre-pregnancy figure. But Bollywood has other moms too who, in their different ways, are changing how Bollywood looks at its leading ladies after they become mothers.Shilpa Shetty and Lara Dutta are working towards looking fit and producing fitness videos. But there is a contrast between the two of them. Dutta has decided to stage a comeback and will start shooting for her next film in August, but Shetty has decided to take a two-year sabbatical.\"The attitude of Ash is no different from the attitude of a majority of working women who take a maternity break and return to work,\" said film writer and biographer Udaya Tara Nayar. \"New moms have understood that having a baby is a natural progress in life for a woman. She is first a desirable maiden and then becomes a wife, then mother and so on,\" the writer added.\"One must not get pressurized by those who talk about your weight instead mothers should enjoy every moment of their child. Aishwarya is just showing that she is taking her own time to lose weight and I am sure when she comes back she will look stunning,\" fitness expert Deanne Panday said.Rai-Bachchan has been going to events along with her baby and Lara Dutta has begun spending quality time with her child. Deanne calls these women 'supermoms'. \"They have their priorities right and don't want to miss out on any aspect of motherhood. Lara made her first public appearance 17 days after her child was born even before she had lost her post-delivery weight. These actresses are not obsessed about losing weight,\" she added.Kajol prefers being a \"hands-on mom\" to signing every film offered to her, she keeps herself busy with endorsements or attending public events. Sharmila Tagore and Hema Malini continued to be leading heroines even after motherhood. \"I worked till the seventh month of pregnancy and returned to work after three months,\" Tagore said. Producers had no issues with them taking maternity leave.\"One can easily mould one's body after pregnancy,\" Hema Malini added. Film writer Bharathi Pradhan said most of the new star moms are not busy with work. \"Raveena took such a long sabbatical that she didn't lose weight until she had her second baby and decided to lose it all at one go,\" said Pradhan. \"Most of them have had babies when they weren't very active as actors, unlike Sharmila, Hema and Moushumi Chatterjee who were at the peak of their career,\" she added.\"It depends on how much time a mother gives to nursing her kids, she cannot get stressed about losing weight,\" Pradhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13757803", "title": "Google tool to help evade China censors", "text": "BEIJING: Google has tipped the scales in a censorship battle with Beijing by adding a feature that warns users in China who enter search keywords that might produce blocked results and suggests they try other terms.Google's announcement on Thursday described the change as a technical improvement and didn't mention Beijing's extensive Internet controls. But it comes after filters were tightened so severely in recent weeks that searches fail even for some restaurants, universities or tourist information. Authorities were trying to stamp out talk about an embarrassing scandal over the fall of a rising Communist Party star.Google's Chinese portal, google.cn, has begun telling web users exactly what search terms were being blocked . This would prove to be a major blow to Chinese authorities, who have kept the list of banned terms covering sensitive issues a secret.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13755468", "title": "Diesel thieves' gang busted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of the city crime branch has arrested a person involved in a series of diesel thefts and has started a search for other gang members. The gang is suspected to be involved in more than ten incidents of the theft, investigators said.According to crime branch officials, a team led by inspector R R Sarvaiya received a tip-off about a man involved in diesel thefts when the team was on patrol near Amraiwadi on Friday. On the basis of the information, police arrested Manish Chaurasiya, 30, a resident of Ramrajyanagar, Amraiwadi, and a native of Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh.\"Chaurasiya confessed that he used to lead a gang of four,\" said a crime branch official. \"The gang used to roam around on the state highway near Ahmedabad in a SUV and target parked trucks and vehicles. The gang parked the SUV near a vehicle late in the night or early in the morning and after opening the storage tank, directly transferred the contents into vessels.\" tnn The gang sold the stolen diesel to retailers in the city at cheap rates.\"The gang targeted vehicles near CTM, Naroda, Raipur Darwaja and Odhav,\" official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13752656", "title": "Students taking to cyber crime for fun", "text": "JAIPUR: Twenty seven-year-old Vipin Kumar Chouhan, a doctor pursuing PhD in microbiology, is facing a sentence of five years imprisonment for a small act of fun that he tried out on his senior at SMS Hospital.According to the police, Chouhan allegedly hacked the password of the Facbook ID used by his senior at SMS's microbiology department. He allegedly wrote a few obscene lines on his wall. Chouhan was arrested by Moti Doongri police under the IT Act on May 29. If he is proved guilty, he may be sentenced to imprisonment that can extend to five years and a fine of Rs one lakh.Like Chouhan, students in the city are taking to cyber crimes just for fun or carrying out small acts of revenge on their teachers, girlfriends and even colleges in which they study. The fact has come up during investigation into several such incidents recently, police officials said. Morphing pictures and positing them on social networking sites to defame others have landed some such students in trouble recently.SHO, Moti Doongri Deepak Khandelwal, who investigated Chouhan's case with the help of cyber security experts told TOI that the consequences had never crossed Chouhan's mind. \"It was a small act of fun for him. He hacked the ID of his senior Dr Yogendra Tiwari and posted obscene messages on the latter's wall which accounts to publishing information which is obscene in electronic form,\" said Khandelwal.The officer said that the case had been registered against Chouhan by Dr Yogendra Tiwari on April 6. After investigating the case for about two months, Chouhan's IP address was traced and he was arrested.Police officials said that the students are committing cyber crimes for things like they are rebuked by their teacher or ditched by their girlfriend. A girl had last month approached Karni Vihar police station after her Facebook ID was hacked. The girl's morphed pictures were uploaded. Police suspect that some jilted lover is behind this. Similarly, a female blogger's profile was hacked in Jawahar Nagar police station area. The hacker morphed and uploaded objectionable pictures of the girl. The hacker also forwarded the links of the site to the girl's father. Police traced the house from where the mail was sent on the basis of the IP address with the help of cyber security experts. However, it was found that the house belonged to a doctor.\"Students should made aware of the IT Act while being taught cyber security tips at colleges. A small mistake can send them to imprisonment upto five years,\" said Mukesh Choudhary, a cyber security expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13777768", "title": "No govt wants a strong Lokpal: Santosh Hegde", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Karnataka Lokayukta and Team Anna member Santosh Hegde has said no government would like to bring in a strong Lokpal Bill in the country as the government does not have the intent.\"The government should bring in a strong Lokpal bill, but I don't think any government will want to bring a strong Lokpal bill. The government does not have the intent\", Hegde told reporters as he joined in the protest by Karnataka Chapter of India Against Corruption at the Freedom Park here on Sunday.He expressed happiness that Anna Hazare and yoga guru Ramdev had come together over the issue of corruption.Anna and Ramdev began their day-long fast in the national capital, their first joint appearance on a public platform in the past one year, against the UPA on corruption.The one-day fast is to demand bringing back black money stashed abroad and against corruption and corrupt system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "13753666", "title": "Woman killed for dowry", "text": "DARBHANGA: Rani Devi, 26, daughter of Munai Sahni of Nehra village, was poisoned to death allegedly by her in-laws at Mahinam village under Bahera police station on May 24 on her failure to bring 30 grams of gold as dowry. She died at DMCH during treatment.Munai Sahni lodged an FIR with Bahera PS on Friday alleging that Singheshwar Sahni (father-in-law), Sumitra Devi (mother-in-law), Mahanand Sahni (husband) and Bhupendra Sahni (devar) killed her daughter by mixing poison with drinking water. Devanand Raut, SHO, Bahera PS, said that Rani was married to Mahanand of Mahinam village on June 6, 2010. After the marriage, her in-laws started demanding 30 grams of gold and due to non-fulfilment of demand, she was tortured. Her father said that he could give only 1.5 'bhar' gold. The police have started investigation into the incident, said SHO Raut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13758578", "title": "Is Nagpur University saving someone in paper leak?", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after Nagpur University's Board of Examinations (BoE) revoked its decision to withdraw FIR regarding BCCA (Business Law final year) paper leak, questions are being raised in the academic circles whether NU officials are protecting someone in the case.These academicians and some management council members also raised strong objection to the newly constituted panel under Eknath Kathale that will study the last two years' results with the current one and submit its report whether there was any major difference. It was only on this basis that NU will decide whether the leak took place or not.They stated that all panel members were the ones who denied that such paper leak ever happened and termed the entire episode, first exposed by TOI on April 22, as mere \"guessing\" despite the fact that all questions and sub-questions from number 1 to 5 were in the same order with a few words changed. During May 30 BoE meeting, these members led by Dhanwate National College (DNC) principal Baban Taywade demanded withdrawal of FIR stating that the paper was not leaked and it was a mischief played by someone. Ironically, three members on the panel - controller of examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, commerce dean Bharat Meghe and commerce Board of Studies (BoS) chairman Milind Patil - were also on the panel led by chancellor's nominee on the management council Sanjay Khadakkar which had confirmed the leak on April 23. Kathale did not pick up calls for comments.The academicians raised objection on Meghe and Kane's turnaround apparently under pressure during BoE's May 30 meet that the paper was not leaked when they were themselves members of Khadakkar panel that confirmed it. While Kane couldn't be contacted, Meghe stated that the questions were \"similar\" and it was a decision of all members. He denied that he acted under Taywade group's pressure in their wrong decision of withdrawing FIR which was revoked after getting flak from chancellor K Sankaranarayanan's office.Khadakkar termed NU's decision to form another panel as \"absurd\" and an attempt to \"hide the truth\". \"When I have clearly mentioned that the paper was leaked and even stated that newspapers had received the copy a day before the examination took place, there is nothing more to say,\" he said, adding that when someone commits a mistake and try to put it under the carpet, he commits 100 more blunders to cover it.Another management council member Mahendra Nimbarte also raised doubts over new panel and didn't rule out the possibility of NU trying to protect someone. \"NU should then hold a re-exam as early as possible to save innocent students now in the final year. Else I will not allow students to suffer and oppose any re-exam if NU fails to act in a week,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13754362", "title": "MLA team to visit Yamuna Expressway", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Exhausted by the repeated deadlocks over national highway development in the state by various political groups, the Kerala Road Fund Board is embarking on a 'Bharat Darshan' programme to educate the political class about the pros and cons of various road projects.The KRFB will take representatives of political parties to visit various road development projects across the country. A team of 20 MLAs will visit the Yamuna expressway connecting Delhi and Agra. \"We have decided to make a tour to visit the Yamuna expressway project. The basic idea is to try to convince all the concerned so that we can have a consensus over the road development,\" KRFB chief operating officer P C Harikesh told TOI.The team would visit a slew of road projects like the Mumbai-Pune expressway project and the Bangalore-Mysore Nandi infrastructure projects in addition to the Yamuna expressway project in the due course of time.Though it was originally decided to begin the visit with Yamuna expressway on June 8, the dates have been postponed considering the adverse climate in North India during this part of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13756319", "title": "Hunger strike to back Hazare, Baba Ramdev", "text": "In support of the hunger strike called by Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev in Delhi to push for an anti-corruption legislation, more than 20 NGOs have come together in Goa to carry out a parallel hunger strike in solidarity with him at Azad Maidan, Panaji , on June 3. The three-day programme will be organized by Bharat Swabhiman, Goa branch, under the banner of 'Bhrashtarchar Mitao Satyagraha'. \"Few of the satyagrahis will take part in an indefinite hunger strike. Many of them will be seated on a one-day strike and the rest will partake in 'Dharane andolan' to support the cause,\" stated Dattatrey Amonker.Several NGOs from the spiritual, religious, cultural fields like Art of Living, Vishwa Hindu Parishad, Freedom Fighters Association and Anjuna Rakhan Manch are expected to participate in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13754791", "title": "Lokayukta jails Karnataka MLA Y Sampangi for bribe", "text": "BANGALORE: For the first time in Karnataka, the special Lokayukta court on Saturday sent a sitting MLA to jail on charge of accepting a bribe. Kolar Gold Fields MLA Y Sampangi was led into Parappana Agrahara prison after Lokayukta court judge NK Sudhindra Rao sentenced him to three and a half years' rigorous imprisonment for accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh.The judge also slapped on Sampangi a fine of Rs 40,000; if he doesn't pay up, he will have to undergo 6 months' additional rigorous imprisonment. The court also slapped a fine of Rs 30,000. He has been convicted on three counts under the Prevention of Corruption Act.Jail officials shifted Sampangi to a VIP cell after he entered the jail at around 4pm. Around 6pm, he was shifted to the observation cell, where new inmates are kept. Once they get used to the harsh reality of their arrest, they are shifted to the barracks. As per rules, doctors checked Sampangi at the jail hospital. \"He was tense, anxious and depressed. He silently signed the papers and was moved to the cell,\" sources said.Sampangi, who earned Rs 6,667 per day as an MLA - (Rs 2 lakh a month) - will now earn Rs 30 a day as a convict. As per jail rules, convicts undergoing rigorous imprisonment should do jobs like carpentry, gardening, tailoring and weaving. Unlike VIP inmates like G Janardhana Reddy, Sampangi is not allowed home food.For his jail stay, Sampangi was given a white shirt and shorts. However, in the evening, he was seen in maroon pyjamas and a white shirt. He was also given a pillow, two towels and a blanket. He will have to share an Indian-style toilet with 30 other convicts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13758974", "title": "Work for 'peace of mind', Dalai Lama tells students", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama, who is nowadays teaching Buddhism to students, at the Tibetan Children Village School in McLeodganj has asked adolescents to stand together to protect their identity. The Dalai Lama likened Buddhism as a \"jewel\" and said Tibetans have a role to play in creating \" peace of mind\" in today's \"materialistic world\".Dalai Lama, the 76-year-old Tibetan leader, addressed a gathering of nearly 3,000 students. He advised them to work hard to be successful in their professions and ensure better future for the community.\"I have seen so many Chinese professionals across the world but Tibetans are a few. We must work hard for a fruitful life ahead,\" he told the students. He emphasized on the need to introduce Buddhist philosophy in Tibetan schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13757664", "title": "Man kills, eats housemate in US, arrested", "text": "WASHINGTON: A 21-year-old student from Kenya was held without bail in the US state of Maryland on Saturday after allegedly killing and eating parts of his housemate, CNN television reported.Alexander Kinyua was arrested after being charged with first-degree murder, first-degree assault and second-degree assault in the alleged cannibalism case.Harford County Sheriff Jesse Bane said that Kinyua admitted killing his Ghanian housemate, cutting him up, and then eating his heart and part of his brain.According to the Harford County district court case record , the killing occurred on May 25. Six days earlier, Kinyua was involved in a fight on the Baltimore campus of Morgan State University , which had led to charges against Kinyua , including first-degree assault and reckless endangerment , CNN said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13776527", "title": "Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal storms out of fast venue after Ramdev snubs him", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal has stormed out of the venue where Baba Ramdev and Anna Hazare are holding a day-long joint fast here, according to Times Now.Kejriwal walked out of the fast venue after he was virtually snubbed by Baba Ramdev over his comments against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and other politicians.During his speech, Kejriwal attacked Singh and his Cabinet colleagues whom Team Anna had accused of indulging in corruption and mentioned the names of Mulayam Singh Yadav , Lalu Prasad Yadav , Jayalalithaa and Mayawati.Soon after Kejriwal finished his speech, Ramdev took the microphone and said \"today, we thought that we will not take any body's name. But Arvind took the names\".\"We don't want any controversies. Arvind does not have any enmity with anyone. The names have been taken in some context. We are against personal criticism\", he said.Speaking to Times Now, Team Anna member Manish Sisodia later admitted that there were differences within the team. However, he tried to defend the differences saying that everything was in the open. (With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750445", "title": "Power outages hit Delhi reeling under heat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The temperature barely let up on Saturday but the power cuts were as bad as before. Large parts of the city suffered outages lasting up to three hours in the torrid morning hours, south and west Delhi being the worst hit.Discoms pleaded helplessness, blaming a decrease in power generation by central sector plants and local faults. If the past few days are any indication, the situation could only get worse.On Friday, the city touched the highest-ever power demand of 5,178MW while on Saturday, despite many offices being shut, the demand was 4,888MW. Power cuts were reported from Ashram, GK I and II, Sheikh Sarai, Gulmohar Park, South Extension, Saket, Patparganj, Mayur Vihar-I, Geeta Colony, Laxmi Nagar, Uttam Nagar and Vikaspuri. South and west Delhi were the worst hit.'Low generation caused power cuts'The capital received less power from Damodar Valley Corporation, Maithon and the Badarpur power stations on Saturday due to shortage of gas and water, said Delhi Transco officials. \"We received only about 80 MW from Damodar Valley and no power at all from Maithon. One unit of the Badarpur power station was also shut and another unit functioning only partly. All this led to some problems in supply,'' said a Transco spokesperson. Power generation plunged to 450MW at various time slots throughout the day.Over last week, power demand in the capital has gone up far beyond anticipated levels. While the past few years have shown that electricity demand in Delhi peaks in July, this year the limits were breached in May itself. \"By the time it's July, the demand may even cross the 5,500MW,\" said a power sector expert.\"There was no power at our residence for close to four hours. There would be no electricity for an hour and then it would come back for 10 minutes and then vanish again for another hour. It was especially hard to bear because of the intense heat,'' said a resident of Patparganj. Officials said the scorching heat also triggered localized faults, leading to outages.Even on Friday, when the city had the highest-ever power demand, it was marked by outages lasting five to six hours. In the past 11 years since privatization, the government has not been able to increase Delhi's internal power generation to meet the growing demand, The only increase in Delhi's own generation has been the 1500MW power plant in Bawana and Tata Power's 108 MW plant in Rithala. In comparsion, the demand has been rising at around 8% a year.According to official figures, the power demand went up to 4,720 MW in 2010 and 5,028 MW in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13774840", "title": "Daniel Craig to open London Games with daredevil leap from helicopter", "text": "Daniel Craig is set to open the London 2012 Games ceremony in true Bond style with a daredevil leap into the Olympic Stadium from a helicopter.Three choppers will swoop down the Thames and under London Bridge before heading to the Olympic Park in East London. To the strains of the James Bond theme, Craig will drop into the stadium on a rope ladder as a billion people watch on worldwide.The nail-biting action will follow a short film by 'Trainspotting' film-maker Danny Boyle , the artistic director of the July 27 opening -ceremony. In the movie, called 'The Arrival' , Bond visits Buckingham Palace by Royal Appointment to be told his latest mission is to launch the Games.The Queen personally invited Craig, 44, to take part and is rumoured to make a cameo appearance. Boyle was given unprecedented access to the Queen's private rooms to make the film back in March. But the Palace has kept details under tight wraps.\"Daniel Craig is determined to open the ceremony with a bang and he and the BBC producers have pulled out all the stops,\" the Mirror quoted a source as saying.\"The world will be watching and they are happy to go to any length to make sure the stunts are as thrilling as possible.\"Not only are they giving us Bond, Britain's most iconic character, but they're giving us suspense and drama with the helicopters and the Bond theme tune. It will be unmissable,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "the race for raisina hill is gathering pace and so far, only the bjd and aiadmk have come out in support of former lok sabha speaker purno a'gitok sangma 's candidature. however, the 64-years old garo leader from tura in meghalaya tells oinam sunil that there are other parties backing him, though they have not made their support public yet. excerpts", "code": "13753708", "title": "I will win on basis of secret ballot: Sangma", "text": "The race for Raisina Hill is gathering pace and so far, only the BJD and AIADMK have come out in support of former Lok Sabha Speaker Purno A'gitok Sangma 's candidature. However, the 64-years old Garo leader from Tura in Meghalaya tells Oinam Sunil that there are other parties backing him, though they have not made their support public yet. Excerpts:What prompted you to enter the fray?Firstly, I have not projected myself. It is a decision of tribal leaders across political parties. On May 9, a convention of tribal leaders unanimously resolved to appeal to all political parties to find a consensus tribal candidate for the president's election. The convention has identified six names - former Goa Governor S C Jamir, Union tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo , Arvind Netam, Lok Sabha deputy speaker and BJP leader Karia Munda, former CEC J M Lyngdoh and myself. When our delegation met Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa, she agreed to our proposal, but suggested my name after discussing with Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik. This is how my name comes up in the race.Your party, NCP, has not backed you while the NCP's Northeast units have openly come out in support of your candidature. Is there any rift within the NCP?There are no two blocs in NCP. But there exist two opinions on the presidential election. As per Centre and Maharashtra politics, the NCP is part of the UPA. But in the rest of the country, it is not. The 15 NCP MLAs in Meghalaya are in opposition while Congress is in power. Similarly, NCP MLAs in Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh , Kerala, Odisha are opposed to the Congress. That's why I cannot be said to be part of the UPA, while Agatha (daughter) is as she is an MP.Are you confident of winning the election when UPA and Congress are not backing you?I have always stood for principles and I am confident of winning the election. The election is based on secret ballot and no party can issue whips like in Parliament or in assemblies.You mean hidden votes. What are these hidden votes?When media talks about the strength of each party in the electoral college, they are talking about the numbers on paper. That is numbers only and it simply does not work in secret ballot. Even if a party has this much number of votes, it cannot be said that all these votes will go to one candidate. In secret ballot, it is the decision of that person whom to cast his or her vote.Are BJP and NDA leaders ready to support you?We have met many BJP and NDA leaders including L K Advani , Nitish Kumar and Sharad Yadav. Everybody has subscribed to the idea of giving a tribal leader a chance to become President. But all of them told me that they cannot have an individual decision on the matter and their parties will take a final decision. I believe that within a week's time, things will become clearer.What is your relationship with the Third Front and Left parties?I am friendly with all leaders and I have helped everyone when I was a minister. As Speaker too, I acted according to the rules. No one can say that I have done any injustice to any MP or leader. It will be my personal relations with all these leaders that will work in my favour.Will you settle for vice president in the event of a possible bargain with the Congress and UPA allies?My candidature was not decided by me. I cannot take any decision on my own at this juncture as two powerful people - Tamil Nadu and Odisha CMs - have proposed my name. There are also some parties who have backed my candidature though they have not come out in the open so far. All of them will decide what will be my next move.Many in the Northeast say that even if you lose, you have already succeeded in putting a Northeasterner on the centre-stage of politics.I agree. A group of youths from Manipur have even launched a Facebook campaign for me. People from the Northeast are in no way inferior to the rest of the country; we are equally competent and qualified. If I do not make it, this will pave the way for the younger generation in the Northeast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "janta nagar", "code": "13750629", "title": "Sub-station fire disrupts supply in Janta Nagar", "text": "JANTA NAGAR: A fire in the Janta Nagar sub-station added to the city's power woes as supply of electricity in the area was reportedly disrupted on Friday morning. Power was reportedly still not restored to the area till the filing of this report. Whereas residents of Janta Nagar claim they have been without electricity supply for the past three days, officials deny the allegation.There are over 5,000 industrial units in Janta Nagar. Since it comes under mixed land use, the units are working from amidst the residential areas.Basant Avenue resident Badish Jindal, who is a businessman, said, ''The industrial units have not been getting power supply for three days and the electricity department has failed to help. It's causing loss of human resources and production has also suffered.''Claiming there had been many such fire incidents in the past, businessman Pardeep Wadhawan of Dugri said, ''When we complained to the power department, we were told that four major grids have been affected due to the blaze.''However, officials from power department's technical branch claimed that the supply snapped on early Friday morning and they were working to resume it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13768568", "title": "Maurice Gibb's ashes to be taken to brother Robin's funeral", "text": "The ashes of Robin Gibb's twin brother Maurice will be taken to the singer's funeral on Friday - in the form of precious stones.When Maurice died nearly 10 years ago, some of his ashes were used to make four purple gems which were given to his widow Yvonne, brothers Barry and Robin and their mother Barbara.On Friday, family members will take the stones to the church service in a symbolic gesture of the twins being reunited.Robin kept his stone in the chapel on his estate in Oxfordshire.\"The stones are precious possessions for the family and in particular for Robin because he was so close to Maurice,\" the Mirror quoted a family friend as saying.\"He always struggled with Maurice's death and he could never quite believe he had gone. His stone was a spiritual way of remaining connected to his brother and it is fitting that the stones belonging to the rest of the -family will be at the funeral.\"The bond between the brothers was very strong and in a way the funeral will mark them being reunited,\" the friend added.According to reports, the funeral cortege will pass through the streets of Thame to allow local residents to pay their respects on its way to the main church near the 12th Century mansion where Gibb lived with wife Dwina for more than 30 years.The service is for family and close friends only, with a public memorial planned at St Paul's Cathedral in September.Among the mourners will be the last -surviving Bee Gee Barry, 65, mother Barbara, 94, Robin's son with Dwina, Robin John, 28, and his children from his first marriage, Spencer, 40, and Melissa, 37.The main piece of music to be played will be 'Don't Cry Alone', which Robin composed with Robin John for his Titanic Requiem.It was the singer's final piece of work before he died last month, aged 62, after a two-year battle with liver and colon cancer.\"Robin is obviously best known for his Bee Gees songs but Don't Cry Alone is the most poignant. There won't be a dry eye in the church when it is played,\" the friend added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13788597", "title": "Saar Osthara to start rolling from June 16", "text": "The lead pair of Ravi Teja and Kajal Aggarwal are going to start shooting for their upcoming flick Sar Osthara in Ooty. Kajal is the third heroine to have been finalized for the film after Amala Paul and Trisha backed out of the project citing date issues paving the way for Kajal Agarwal, the heroine of Mahesh Babu-starrer 'Businessman', to bag the heroine role eventually. The film is touted to be a typical Ravi Teja flick. Well there is a lot is at stake for him as his recent movies - 'Nippu' and 'Daruvu' haven't fared well at the box-office this year. So the actor is desperate for a hit and hopefully this film will break that jinx for the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13757286", "title": "One dies as boat capsizes in Valsad", "text": "SURAT: One person died when a boat capsized at Kosamba jetty at the estuary of Vanki river and Arabian Sea near Valsad town at around 11 am on Saturday.Shantilal Daheriya (60), who was from Godhra, had reached Valsad on Friday to take part in a religious congregation of Asharam Bapu.A large number of passengers got on to the boat which later capsized due to overloading. The crowd had gathered there to witness Asharam, who was to go for boating from Kosamba jetty.The incident occurred before Asharam's arrival. His boating programme was later cancelled.There were 150 people on the boat. All the victims were rescued from the estuary by locals.However, Daheriya could not survive.\"The boat capsized towards the bank and hence the passengers could be rescued by the locals,\" said M J Dabhi, police inspector, Valsad police station.When questioned, Valsad police said no permission was taken from police for organizing the event at the estuary. Further investigation into the incident is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13752855", "title": "2 trucks seized for illegal sand quarrying", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two trucks laden with sand bags were seized at Meenakshipuram check post near Anaimalai in Coimbatore district on Friday.During a vehicle check on Friday at Meenakshipuram check post, special sub-inspector, Asaithambi stopped a truck laden with 320 sand bags mixed with cements.On conducting an inquiry, the driver E Murugesan confessed that he tried to smuggle the sand to Kerala from Karur. The police arrested Murugesan and seized the truck. The truck owner R Ramesh has also been booked by Anaimalai police.In another incident, one truck laden with 320 sand bags was seized by Anaimalai police. The truck bound towards Kerala from Karur was stopped at the check post and later the driver, A Kuppuraj, was arrested. The truck owner Jayakrishnan has also been booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "dharamsala", "code": "13765243", "title": "Dalai Lama and his love for 'dal-roti'", "text": "DHARAMSALA: Fifty-three years after he made India his second home, the Dalai Lama has developed a taste for 'dal-roti' and has imbibed the virtues of secularism.Recalling his stay here ever since fleeing his homeland in 1959, the Tibetan spiritual leader said the \"biggest thing\" that he had learnt after coming to India was \"how not to be a hypocrite\".The Nobel prize winner said he used to be an active member of the Chinese Communist Party from 1951-59 in Tibet and \"like others I also honed my talent in hypocrisy. But this vice ended only when I came to India\".After coming to India and staying here for so long, he said, had \"learnt so many things from Indian culture and religion\".One of the things which he highlights is developing the taste for north India's staple food 'dal-roti'.\"After living in India for over 50 years, I have developed great taste for Indian food like dal-roti. Whenever I get an opportunity I taste this great Indian dish,\" he told PTI here.The exiled leader who, along with thousands of Tibetans, has made Dharamsala their home, described India as a seat of learning and frequently referred to the ancient Nalanda university in Bihar, terming it as the repository of Buddhism.\"Recently when I had gone to Patna to inaugurate a park named after Lord Buddha, Chief Minister Nitish Kumar had told me that because of the blessing of Buddha and teachings of Buddhism, Bihar is marching on the path of development today.\"I told him (Nitish Kumar) that, Bihar actually has been the birth place of Buddhism and gave this great religion to the entire world,\" he said.Dalai Lama said India has always been sympathetic to the cause of exiled Tibetans and described it as the guru and the latter as the 'chela' (disciple).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13755471", "title": "10 Bangladeshis held for illegal stay", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city special operations group (SOG) officials detained ten Bangladeshi nationals for illegal stay in the city on Friday night. SOG officials said that the earlier concentration of illegal immigrants was near Chandola lake whereas now after repeated police action, they have started moving to other areas. The raid on Friday proved the point as the group was in Sardarnagar.According to SOG officials, a team was formed to check the rented premises in the city. The team got a tip-off about tenants living without registration.Working on a tip-off, the SOG team raided Bhadreshwar Society near Rajiya Pir ni Dargah area in Sardarnagar and found 10 tenants living in house belonging to Ramesh Bharwad. \"The detainees ,five men and five women, confessed that they had crossed the border with help of agents paying anything between Rs 1,500 to Rs 5,000 and sought refuge in Ahmedabad. Most of them were involved in petty jobs in eastern city parts,\" said an SOG official. The detainees include Babu Shaikh, 23, Bashar Shaikh, 30, Mehboob Faraji, 22, Kalumulla, 32, Umar Mulla, 27, Rupa Sikandar, 31, Aduri Alvadar, 19, Yasmin Faraji, 25, Heena Mulla, 21 and Riya Adhikari, 24.\"Procedure to deport them has been initiated with the help of external affairs ministry. A complaint will be filed against Bharwad for violation of city police commissioner notification,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13750982", "title": "Govt departments divided on occupancy certificate", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two government entities are at variance on the issue of the occupancy certificate (OC). With thousands of applications for new water connections pending due to non-submission of OCs, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) wants the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department to relax the rule.However, the AP Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) has started insisting on an OC for issuing new electricity connections.As per the new building rules, GO 86, which came into effect in 2006 and was subsequently amended in April as AP Building Rules, it is mandatory for builders/property-owners to submit an OC in order to get new water and power connections.In the wake of rampant illegal construction and with an eye to discouraging property-owners and builders from deviating from the sanctioned plan, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has directed the Water Board and CPDCL to insist on OCs for granting new connections. The GHMC issues an occupancy certificate once a building is completed as per the sanctioned plan. If the owner wants water and power connections, the respective agencies can charge three times the general tariff rate till an OC is produced. The Water Board started implementing the OC norm a year back but, within a few months, discovered that the new provision was eroding its revenues. \"Around 8,500 applications for new water connections are pending at various levels. Almost 800 of those are ready for sanction provided the applicants submit OCs,\" Water Board deputy general manager, SWC, R Sreenivasa Rao told STOI.\"New water connections are a major source of income for us. For instance, before implementing the OC rule, the Water Board used to earn Rs 12 crore per month. Now, that revenue has come down to Rs 7 crore. In view of this, we have written to GHMC through MA&UD; to relax the rules and regulations regarding OC,\" Water Board sources said.Incidentally, GHMC recently wrote to CPDCL and the energy principal secretary asking that the OC be made mandatory for power connections to new buildings. GHMC officials claim that after they started insisting on an OC, the number of unauthorized constructions has come down considerably.Times ViewIt is a paradox. The Water Board wants to relax the OC rule, while CPDCL just woke up from its deep slumber and started implementing it. If the government is serious about curtailing illegal constructions, then its different arms must sync their operations and work in unison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758836", "title": "1,195 old autos opt for electronic meters", "text": "PUNE: As many as 1,195 autorickshaws in the city switched to electronic meters from the existing ones within the first month of the state directive to install electronic meters. Every day, more than 40 autorickshaws, which have installed electronic meters, visit the Regional Transport Office (RTO) to undergo the annual fitness test.An RTO official said after the initial resistance, the officials have witnessed a steady growth in number of autorickshaws that came to get the electronic meters tested and sealed. However, considering the total number of autorickshaws in the city, there's still a long way to go to achieve the target, as mere 2% autorickshaws have switched to electronic meters as of now.RTO officials said around 50% autorickshaw drivers turned up in the first month, as they were expecting about 2,000 autorickshaws with electronic meters to visit the Alandi Road office. They said autorickshaw unions need to initiate steps to create awareness among the drivers to go for electronic meters.There are about 45,000 autorickshaws in the city. It is expected that all autorickshaws in the city would get the electronic meter fitted within a span of one year.Besides old autorickshaws, the RTO also registered about 620 new autorickshaws with electronic meters. The government has made it mandatory from March 2012 for new autorickshaws to have electronic meters. With this, the total number of autorickshaws with electronic meters in the city has reached to 1,815.The government had said electronic meters would bring down complaints pertaining to tampering of meters and overcharging.Baba Shinde, president of the Pune City Autorickshaw Federation, said, \"An autorickshaw driver spend about Rs 3,000 for an electronic meter. Every driver cannot afford to spend so much money. Hence, the drivers should get a subsidy for installing electronic meters. We have already registered out demand with the Regional Transport Authority and we are hopeful that the government will address the issue.\"Shinde said the RTO should initiate steps to provide enough service stations for electronic meters within the city.Mandar Sathe, a resident of Shivajinagar, said every autorickshaw driver needs to fix electronic meters as it will help to have exact reading and fare calculation. \"The RTO needs to take steps to ensure that every autorickshaw is running with electronic meter,\" he said.BOXMeter DownElectronic meters in old autorickshaws (in May): 1,195Electronic meters in new autorickshaws (between March to May) 620Total number of vehicles with electronic meters in the city: 1,815", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13753753", "title": "City master plan 2031: Focus on decongestion, green belt", "text": "BHOPAL: The proposed master plan 2031 for Bhopal will take into account an estimated population of 33 lakh and focus on decongestion, regularizing illegal colonies and increasing green belt area. Town and Country Planning (TNCP) official BP Kulshreshtha told reporters on Saturday that the department has marked 812.79 square kilometers as the total area of development out of which 313 sq km is government land, 58.52 sq km the forest area, 14.02 sq km plantation area, 41.81 sq. km water bodies and 167.10 developed area.TNCP has also divided Bhopal in three categories for development basis. \"This is the first time we are dividing the city into three categories for the convenience of development. We are dividing them as suitable, less suitable and not suitable,\" KC Gupta, director, TNCP said.The 'not suitable' area is for the places where construction and development cannot take place. These include forest, buffer areas of water land and steep slopes. The less suitable areas are places where chances of development are meager. These are under-catchment areas of water bodies, airport and establishments like ISRO.The remaining area comes under the suitable category which has a lot of scope for development. TNCP also announced that any construction legal or illegal hindering the development process shall be demolished. \"We will demolish the illegal construction interfering in the development process,\" Gupta added.However, occupants of the legal constructions will be given proper compensation by the department, he added.Suggestions1.Development and any kind of construction in the catchment areas should be prohibited.2.Alignments of the roads should be taken into consideration3.Rain water harvesting should be made mandatory during building permissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13758221", "title": "Gadgetopia", "text": "Samsung Galaxy S IIIThe Galaxy S III, Samsung's flagship handset, comes with custom software, such as Pop Up Play to let you multi-task while watching a video by shrinking it into a smaller pane; Buddy Share to tag your Facebook friends automatically when you click a photo with its camera; and Smart Stay, which tracks your eyes to recognize how you are using a phone and adjusts its settings accordingly. And yes, there's that all new 'pebble' design that puts a focus on style and ergonomics.Specs: 4.8-inch capacitive touchscreen (1280x720 pixels resolution) | 1.4GHz quad-core CPU | 1GB RAM | 16GB internal memory, microSD slot | 3G, Wi-Fi , Bluetooth, GPS | 8-megapixel camera with LED flash, autofocus, image stabilization | 1080p FullHD video recording with simultaneous image capture | 1.9-MP front-facing cam with 720p HD video recording | Over 11 hours talk-time , over 32 days standby time | Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich, TouchWiz UI 4.0Price: Rs 43,180Website: www.samsung.comMilagrow TabTop 7.4Claiming to be the slimmest 7-inch tablet around, Milagrow's new TabTop 7.4 features a USB port to connect 4G or 3G dongles, as well as external hard drives up to 500GB. It differs from other tablets with its aspect ratio, which is the squarer 4:3 (what your old CRT TV was) and not 16:9 (what new flatscreens have). It comes preloaded with 55 applications in several different categories, such as productivity, utility, networking, entertainment and medical.Specs: 7-inch capacitive touchscreen (800x600 pixels resolution) | 1.2GHz ARM Cortex A8 CPU | 512MB RAM | 4/16GB internal memory, microSD slot | Standard USB with support for 3G, 4G dongles | Wi-Fi , Bluetooth | 1.3MP front-facing cam | 4000mAh battery | Android 4.0 Ice Cream SandwichPrice: 4GB - Rs 10,990 | 16GB - Rs 13,990Website: www.milagrowhumantech.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13758950", "title": "Maharashtra HSC results: 100% result for 10 junior colleges in Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: While a majority of the junior colleges in the city and neighbouring Pimpri Chinchwad have performed well with 10 colleges recording 100% results, in the higher secondary certificate March 2012 examination 10 other junior colleges/high schools have had the dubious distinction of recording zero pass percentage as none of their students cleared the exam.Of the 10 colleges that recorded zero pass percentage, five are in Pune district, four in Solapur and one in Ahmednagar districts.A large number of colleges achieved more than 85% success rate. This was in line with the overall performance by junior colleges across the Pune division, which covers Pune, Ahmednagar and Solapur districts.There are a total of 189 junior colleges and high schools in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad (73 in Pune city-west, 65 in Pune city-east and the remaining 51 in Pimpri Chinchwad).Of the total 1,038 junior colleges/high schools in Pune division, 88 institutions recorded 100% result. This works out to 8.40% of the total institutions and includes 30 in Pune district and 29 each in Ahmednagar and Solapur district.Another 357 institutions recorded pass percentage between 90.01 and 99.99 and 258 institutions had a success rate between 80.01% and 90%. This works out for a share of 34.3% and 24.8% of the total institutions, respectively.In fact, 67.50% of the total 1,038 institutions have finished with a pass percentage between 80 and 100.* St Vincent's high school 99.14%* Muktangan English school and junior college 98.93%* Rosary high school and junior college, Camp 98.75%* Loyola junior college 96.71%* Sardar Dastur Hormazdiar junior college 95.17%* B T Sahani Navin Hind junior college 95.12%* Vidyabhavan junior college, Model colony 94.38%* NMV girl's prashala and junior college 94.19%* Brihan Maharashtra college of commerce 94.11%* Modern high school and junior college 92.76%* Laxmanrao Apte vidyalaya and junior college 91.74%* HHCP high school for girls and junior college 90.08%* Fergusson college 89.69%* Ness Wadia college 83.48%* Abasaheb Garware college 83.40%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "baramulla (kashmir)", "code": "13784563", "title": "Youth of Jammu &amp; Kashmir should actively take up sports: MS Dhoni", "text": "BARAMULLA (KASHMIR): India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Sunday said that situation in Jammu &amp; Kashmir could improve if the youth of the state actively take up sports.\"Things can improve with sports, we have already seen some improvement. Youngsters should take up sports, not only just cricket,\" Dhoni told reporters after visiting the Aman Setu (Peace Bridge), the last point on Line of Control in Kashmir.Interacting with reporters here, 55 kms from Srinagar, Dhoni said the Indian Army is a highly motivated force who do not need people from outside to boost their morale.\"I hear people often talking about boosting the morale of the Army but it is the most motivated army. I am here for the last few days. I have visited the forward areas and met officers and jawans. I came to learn from them,\" Dhoni said.In response to a question, he said BCCI is doing a good job in promoting cricket across the country but ultimately it is the local state associations which have to take the game to the grassroots.\"BCCI is doing a good job in promoting cricket. It provides funds to local associations which are directly involved in managing affairs of the game in their respective areas,\" he said.Dhoni said the development of cricket in smaller cities was a long process which will take time but some improvement is already visible.\"We can see some new stadiums have come up (in smaller cities and town),\" he said.The dashing cricketer from Jharkhand also feels that if J&K; players perform consistently at the domestic tournaments like Ranji Trophy and Duleep Trophy, there may be player who would then represent the country.\"Talent can only be proven by performing consistently,\" he said.On the resumption of Indo-Pak cricket ties, the Team India captain spoke in favour of it.\"It is important to start from somewhere. If it is cricket, then so be it, because we are not ambassadors of only cricket but sports at large,\" he said.Dhoni said ultimately it was cricket boards of the two countries to decide on the timing and venue for any bilateral cricketing engagements between India and Pakistan.The cricketing ties between India and Pakistan were snapped following the 2008 terror attacks on Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13752231", "title": "Chandigarh scientist decodes fruit crop diseases", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Overcoming a major roadblock in managing and controlling a devastating disease among pomegranate, mango and citrus, a Chandigarh-based scientist has cracked the gene-pattern of particular bacteria which causes this disease. India is the second largest exporter of pomegranate after Spain. The study has been published in the Nature.A complete sequence of genes of the bacteria causing this disease which destroys pomegranate, mango and citrus crops has been decoded for the first time by an Institute of Microbial Technology (IMTECH) scientist Prabhu B Patil. The work has also been published in the recent issue of Journal of Bacteriology, an international journal.\"The striking similarities in the genomes of Xanthomonas pathogens that infect diverse fruit crops suggest that India may be the probable region of origin and diversification of these highly specialized fruit pathogens,\" said Patil, who led the IMTECH research team. These diseases caused by Xanthomonas pathogens were first noticed in India. The set of unique genes and markers present in their genomes will be valuable in managing and controlling of these fruit pathogens.Patil travelled to Belgium to collect the original/reference strain of the bacteria. \"I wanted to decode the genes of the bacterium and study its evolution. So, the original strain had to be collected. Thereafter, the strain was sent for DNA sequence to know the basic structure of the genes. This was followed by decoding the genes through a special software and analysis,\" he said.In mango, the disease is known as bacterial black spot and in citrus, it is known as bacterial canker. In pomegranate, the disease is known as bacterial blight or telya (oily spots). Both, mango and citrus pathogens, have now spread worldwide. The team found that the genomes of the bacterial disease in mango and pomegranate were not just closely related to each other but also to that of citrus and grapes. \"This gives the scientists more keys to unlock the mystery behind the disease and where and how it is caused,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13752266", "title": "Mercury reaches 52 degrees C at border posts", "text": "JAISALMER: The Thar desert region near the international border in the state is sizzling with 52 degrees Celsius. Though the BSF personnel guarding the border is facing the extreme weather, they are still on duty with complete alertness, whereas the Pakistan border is silent with Pak rangers seen sitting in border check posts.The temperature measuring equipment put up at border posts have recorded the temperature between 50 degrees and 52 degrees Celsius. The temperature at Babliyan wala border post at 1pm was 50.3 degrees, 52 degrees at 1.30pm and 52.9 degrees at 2pm. Similarly, at Churanwala border post, the temperature was 52 degrees at 2.30pm and 50.5 degrees Celsius at Khara border post.BSF DIG, Jaisalmer north BR Meghwal said that temperature is above 50-52 degrees at the border posts and jawans have been asked to keep lemon and onion with them all the time. They have been provided with special goggles to protect their eyes, he said. Similarly, water coolers and freezers have been provided at the border posts. Cool rooms have been made to bring down the temperature of body if any jawan suffers heat stroke. Jawans are asked to go out only if they have any important work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13755148", "title": "Red alert for fake doctors, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation on sealing spree", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The next time you go to a private clinic do confirm the name of the doctor and the one mentioned on the medical certificate hanging outside the clinic are the same. In Isanpur area Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) encountered an impostor who had valid certificate of another doctor. The clinic ran behind Moni hotel and hundreds of patients visited this hospital during week days between 11am and 12 pm.The impostor posed as Mukesh Prajapati who had a valid BAMS degree. \"He had no answer when we asked him his photo identification document. It was then that he confessed that he was Rakesh Chauhan,\" says senior health officer Tejas Shah.Shah claims that there were at least six more such clinics in the vicinity that were operated by fake doctors. \"They have a unique modus operandi. The moment one amongst gets caught they hire a different room in another locality and start operating from that area. These quacks are dangerous to public health. We now no longer serve notices but seal the premises of the clinic the moment we come across such clinics,\" says Shah.In March, 33 doctors with weird medical degrees had been nabbed by the AMC health department. The AMC has now resolved to extend the raids to other parts of the city. These fake doctors cleverly chose one room accommodations in congested areas of Lambha, Vatva and majorly in Indrapuri.\"These doctors were giving injections, administering IVs and even prescribing drugs. This would have been dangerous. The AMC will continue the raids in the coming days and more such cases,\" says Shah. Copies of list of doctors and their degrees raided in the last few days have been sent to individual zones with special instructions to identify such quacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13775982", "title": "The longest kissing and killing scene in Bollywood", "text": "The kiss between Aslam Khan and Sanaa in Bloody D went on for more than a minute and killing scene is almost four minutes long.The upcoming slasher flick Bloody D claims to have one of the longest kissing and killing scenes in Hindi Cinema. While the kiss between leads Aslam Khan and Sanaa goes on for more than a minute, the torturous gory killing scene is almost 4 minutes long.\"Kissing was the most uncomfortable scene for me. It was a long scene of more than a minute and I had to give too many retakes because everytime we began I would become uncomfortable. It was approved only after 12-13 shots\", reveals Aslam Khan.The irony of the kissing scene is that the leading lady of the film, debutante Sanaa Dhadli was absolutely fine with it and was doing it very boldly. \"In fact she kept telling me how to hold her and what to do\", says Aslam. \"I was shocked when she said that she wanted to continue for longer but luckily our creative director put his foot down\".Bloody B stars Aslam Khan with debutante Sanaa. It claims to be the first gory Indian movie ever attempted, leaving behind outdated concepts of ghost, black magic and cannibalism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13754621", "title": "3 chemical tankers catch fire in Nandesari", "text": "VADODARA: A major fire broke out in a tanker carrying inflammable chemical in Nandesari Industrial Estate near here on Saturday afternoon. The fire engulfed two other tankers parked near the tanker. Fire officers had a tough time controlling it. The fire started at around 1 pm on Saturday on road number 11 in the estate that has chemical units. The tanker with (GJ-6Y-6365) caught fire due to unknown reasons.Officials from the Nandesari Fire Brigade attributed the fire's intensity to the tanker carrying a solvent-like inflammable chemical. One of the other tankers parked near was empty while yet another one was filled with acid.Nandesari Fire Brigade's assistant fire officer D B Parmar said the fire damaged the tankers to such an extent that the contents - that are usually written on the containers in which the chemicals are stored - could not be read. The driver of the tanker where the fire first took place was not spotted near the accident site and the police were searching for him till late in the evening.Fire tenders from RIL, Gujarat Refinery, Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals Ltd and GSFC Ltd were also pressed into action to quell the fire. It was brought under control by arou-nd 4 pm. While the Nandesari Fire Brigade was the first to reach there, it had to wait for others to arrive. It was decided to launch an operation with multiple fire tenders to douse the fire.Jawaharnagar police inspector B M Chaudhary said forensic experts had been called to collect samples. \"They will try to ascertain the probable cause of fire,\" he said. Chaudhary confirmed the driver was missing and that he may have escaped on seeing or hearing the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13753139", "title": "Brace for Western Railway, Central Railway mega block today", "text": "MUMBAI: There will no services between Andheri and CST/Panvel from 10.30am to 4pm owing to a railway mega block on Sunday. There will also be no services between CST and Kurla on the Harbour line of Central Railway (CR).On Western Railway, there will be a mega block from Churchgate to Mumbai Central on the Fast line from 11am to 4 pm.CR will operate a special traffic block on platform 3 of Thane station from 12.30am to 4.30pm on June 3 due to yard remodelling.A CR official said, \"Five services-Karjat local from Thane at 5.22am, CST local from Thane at 4.12am, CST local from Karjat at 6.59am, Ambernath local from CST at 5.07am and CST local from Ambernath at 6.54am -have been cancelled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13750118", "title": "Goons at CM house scared me: Anjali Behera", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dismissed woman and child development minister Anjali Behera said on Saturday she as a woman did not feel safe to visit chief minister Naveen Patnaik at his residence because of the presence of anti-social elements there, a day after she was sacked by the CM in the backdrop of the failed revolt led by BJD's Rajya Sabha MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra.\"Yes, I had received a telephone call from Naveen Niwas on Friday to meet the chief minister at his residence. But I was scared to go there. By that time television channels were making live telecast of people gathered there. I saw on the television screen minister Sharada Prasad Nayak being physically attacked on the Naveen Niwas campus. I may be a minister, but I am a woman,\" Behera said. \"If this was the plight of a male minister, what would have happened to a woman minister there?\" she asked. \"I got the telephone call soon after the incident. I decided I should not go there because the place was full of goons and anti-social elements,\" Behera said.An MLA from Hindol in Angul district, Behera is widely projected as one of the key persons behind the reported revolt by Pyari to overthrow Naveen. She, however, denied the charges vehemently. \"This is absolutely rubbish. The electronic media deliberately created such an impression and misled the public. Every day a good number of BJD MLAs and party workers meet Pyarimohan Mohapatra at his residence. Tuesday was no different. More so, there was no definite meeting convened there, nor signatures collected from anybody with the intention of making Pyarimohan Mohapatra the leader,\" she said.Behera further said: \"Pyarimohan Mohapatra is not a foolish person to stage a coup to overthrow chief minister Naveen Patnaik from power with the next Assembly elections just two years away. He has been singlehandedly managing the party for the last 12 years and would not stoop so low to occupy power in such a manner. If he wanted to become chief minister he would have faced no problem after the 2009 Assembly elections, because of the party's phenomenal electoral success then. I don't know why the media resorted to painting such a picture without cross-checking facts.\"Asked whether she regretted being dismissed from the ministry, Anjali said: \"I have committed no wrong. I don't regret being sacked from the ministry. The chief minister made me a minister. He did whatever he thought was right.\"She said she has not yet met Pyarimohan after Friday's development. \"Pyarimohan Mohapatra comes from my district. He has done so much for the party. I will definitely keep taking his advice in the future,\" Behera said cautiously.When contacted, Pravat Ranjan Biswal, BJD MLA from Choudwar-Cuttack constituency, suspended from the party by Naveen, also denied reports that Pyarimohan had hatched a conspiracy to topple the government and overthrow the chief minister. \"We have been hearing about differences between the chief minister and Pyarimohan Mohapatra. We were very upset because we apprehended such a development would not be in the interest of the party. Hence, some of us wanted to meet the chief minister immediately after his return from London and discuss the problems. More so, it is no secret that BJD as a party had not been meeting and discussing internal problems faced by elected representatives. I am surprised how our effort was projected in the media as an attempt to topple the government. It was the handiwork of some vested interests. Truth will triumph one day,\" Biswal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13779069", "title": "128-million-year old ancestor of modern squids, octopus found", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have unearthed the fossils of a 128-million-year-old spiky creature which they say could be the oldest ancestor of the modern-day squid and octopus.Using 3D scanning technology, a team from the Austria National History Museum unearthed the fossil of the creature, called Dissimilites intermedius, a layer at a time, and then created a video of how the creature lived and moved.The ammonite was discovered in sediment which formed at the bottom of the ocean during the Cretaceous period some 128 million years ago, but now lies at the top of the Dolomite mountains in the Alps.The scientists said that the computer tomography had allowed them to see far more than they would ever have been able to with the naked eye, with the creature was exposed a layer at a time.The team, led by Alexander Lukeneder, also discovered the body was covered with spines each between three and 4mm long.\"The fossil is of a previously unknown creature which is a type of Ammonite,\" the Daily Mail quoted a museum spokesman as saying.\"Computer tomography and a complicated 3D reconstruction programme were used to help reconstruct not only the appearance of the fossil, but also to work out how it moved by the position of the impressions left by its limbs.\"The spokesman added that the prehistoric Tethys Ocean, which existed between the continents of Gondwana and Laurasiam, had left behind millions of years-worth of sediment at the bottom of the sea.Gondwana would break up to form much of the Southern Hemisphere, and Laurasia would form much of the Northern Hemisphere.As the centuries passed and the Alps folded out of the sea, some of the former sea bottom sediment ended up on the peaks of the Dolomites.And it was here in the Puez-Geisler-Natural Park, at a height of around 2600m, that a section of the former seabed was discovered -- with the thickest density of fossils from pre-history yet discovered.Lukeneder and his team have been working on the 150metre section for three years, and discovered the fossil of the ammonite last year.Details of the finding are published in the journal Acta Palaeontologica Polonica.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13758677", "title": "Cops fire at unruly marriage revellers", "text": "AKOLA: Tension was prevailing in Bhandpura and Pola Chowk areas of the old city since late Friday night after a youth was injured in police firing when the lathicharge was proved futile and 15 persons were rounded up by the cops.The trouble started when the mob assembled at two marriage pandals refused to lower the voice of DJ as was asked by the police on the citizens' request. The uncontrolled mob attacked the police, injuring four of them, including PI DD Wadmare and 3 others.To control the mob Wadmare first fired in the air. But sensing the mood, he fired at the mob in which Wazidkhan Aliyarkhan (30) was injured. The bullet pierced through his thigh. He is undergoing treatment.The marriage of nephew of former corporator Aliyar alias Allu Pahelwan was being solemnized at Primary Urdu School No. 3 at Bhandpura Square. Another pandal of a marriage party was put up in the vicinity. The marriage revellers were dancing at a high decibel sound of DJ which was objected to by the citizens in the area. Police tried to convince the marriage party members to lower the sound. But the mob attacked the police. The cops resorted to cane charge, but the mob was unrelenting due to which the police had to fire.Entrance to Bhandpura Chowk and Pola Chowk was closed and heavy police force deployed in the area to control the situation. More arrests are being effected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13753811", "title": "Parking facility a big let down at Bhopal airport", "text": "BHOPAL: Poor parking facility at the newly-built Raja Bhoj (international) airport is proving the biggest problem for the frequent flyers from Bhopal.In a reality check about facilities at the airport, parking problem seems to be a major irritant.Some frequent flyers pointed to a fault in design while designating parking lots for passenger arriving and departing at the airport.Airport officials, on condition of anonymity, said certain issues, including parking have not been addressed.Besides parking, some of the services promised at the airport like Internet, aero-bridges and restaurants have yet to see the light of the day. Poor response to tenders floated by the airport authority for putting in place these facilities, airport sources maintained.Bhopal airport's first floor is yet to be operationalized. None of the two over-bridges is being used. Currently. around 10 flights operate per day from here and number of passengers is much less compared to airports in other cities of the country.----------ROBIN DUTTA, owner, Greenwoods ClubThey have made a mistake in designing parking facilities. The regular parking lot is far away and not easily accessible. As a result, passengers give it a miss. The upper ramp should have been designed for departures and the lower area for arrivals, as that is where the requirement of parking comes in.Cleanliness and maintenance- 9Parking-0Staff behaviour-8Check in and check out-8Security-8---------------RAJAN DEB, director MP Wind Farms Ltd.Parking is the biggest issue for me at the international airport. They have completely failed to provide this facility. Other things are good to some extent, but improvement is still needed to claim the Bhopal airport an international level facility equipped.Cleanliness and maintenance - 8Parking facilities- 0Staff behavior- 9Convenience check in and check out - 9Security checking - 9----------MANISHA ANAND, Director, Safal EndeavourThe landscape is beautiful, but they should have maintained it in a better way. Being an international airport, the authorities should pay attention to every detail. It is also true that the airport in Bhopal cannot be compared to metros like Delhi and Mumbai. But they have to raise their standards.Cleanliness and maintenance- 6Parking-3Staff behaviour-8Check in and check out-7Security-7---------------------------------DR NEELKAMAL KAPUR, Professor, Head Pathology, GMCI think parking is the biggest issue at the Bhopal airport. It is not comfortably accessible for the travelers. The airport has ample space for improvement.Cleanliness and maintenance- 7Parking facility-3Staff behaviour-7Check in and check out-9Security checking-8-----------------ARUNESHWAR SINGH DEO, vice-president, BDCAI am not satisfied with the basic services provided at the airport. They don't even coaches to pick up and drop passengers to the aircraft. Monsoon is near and absence of coaches will make problem for travellers. Besides, there is a need for improving the parking facility.Cleanliness and maintenance- 5Parking facility-2Staff behaviour-9Check in and check out-9Security checking-9--------------SHISHIR DUBEY, stockbrokerForget about the internet and aero-bridge facility at the Bhopal airport. There is not even a single restaurant at the airport. Claiming 'international' in such situation appears funny for me. Coaches should be also provided at the airport.Cleanliness and maintenance- 6Parking facility-2Staff behaviour-7Check in and check out-9Security checking-8------------MOHAMMAD NADEEM, BusinessmanIt is not correct to compare Bhopal's airport with the airports in Delhi and Mumbai. However, there are many problems that need to be handled on priority. They have the experience of flying international flight from Bhopal for Haj but they need to improve the basic facilities including parking.Cleanliness and maintenance- 7Parking facility-4Staff behaviour-8Check in and check out-9Security checking-8-------------------BS YADAV, chairman, IES Group of InstitutionsMany times, I have seen staff at the entrance of the airport talking rudely to travelers. I am happy with the cleanliness and maintenance of the airport. But, parking remains a big concern which needs to be addressed.Cleanliness and maintenance- 10Parking-5Staff behaviour-8Check in and check out-9Security-6-------------I have never seen such an illogical parking. Besides, every time I have to wait for 35-40 minutes every time for my baggage at the check-out point. Even airports like Delhi and Mumbai do not take such time where presence of travellers is much higher.NANDITA MALHOTRA, branch manager in a MNC bankCleanliness and maintenance-7Parking- 1Staff behaviour-2Check in and check-out-3Security-7", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13753672", "title": "Now, RSS mouthpiece cautions 'intolerant' Narendra Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing concern over Gujarat CM Narendra Modi's hard-line stand against his detractor Sanjay Joshi, RSS mouthpiece Panchjanya has argued that the BJP should not project anyone as its prime ministerial candidate.Referring to the \"reports\" about Modi not letting Joshi travel by train through Gujarat, RSS's in-house journal has cautioned the CM against coming off as an intolerant leader who had trouble taking his colleagues along.\"Whatever be the truth in reports, opponents of BJP get an opportunity to attack the party if such a popular leader (Modi) acquires an image of being intolerant who cannot take his colleagues along,\" a column in the Hindi weekly said.The weekly column Manthan by Devendra Swarup, who is well-regarded in Sangh circles, is gushing in its praise for Modi's accomplishments, including how he has come out unscathed of the efforts, at the instance of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , to ensnare him in court cases and a plethora of SIT investigations. Yet the column - coming close on the heels of the dig at Modi in BJP's mouthpiece Kamal Sandesh - is bound to further roil the already troubled waters.'Must review style of functioning'The column criticizes the attempt by former Gujarat CMs Keshubhai Patel and Suresh Mehta and other detractors of Modi to mobilize Patels along caste lines and alleges that they could have been incited by the Congress chief. However, it argues that the fact that these senior leaders had to resort to such means underscores the need for Modi to have a \"relook at his style of functioning and organization capabilities\".Swarup suggests that Modi is not the obvious saffron choice for PM. \"There is no doubt that besides the chief ministers of its states, many among BJP's central leaders also have the competence required of a Prime Minister,\" he said.The veteran saffron columnist has also said that the BJP should refrain from naming its choice for PM before the parliamentary polls, thanks to its democratic organizational structure and can also counter Congress's \"dynastic politics\". \"BJP's democratic organizational structure should be left for the members of the victorious parliamentary party. BJP should take such a principled stand in case it intends to make dynastic politics a campaign theme for the 2014 polls,\" Swarup contended.On balance, however, his tone is that of concerned sympathizer of Modi than that of a critic. Swarup says that Gujarat under Modi has become an example of economic development and administrative competence, emphasizing that even Muslims are in the state are thriving. It also debunks the attempt of Keshubhai Patel and others to mount a fresh challenge to the Gujarat CM, saying that it could be part of a fresh plot to destabilize the state government after the failure of other machinations to trap Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13774484", "title": "Elton John wants another child", "text": "Sir Elton John has said that he would like to have another baby, so that his son has someone to back him up at school.The 65-year-old singer fathered Zachary with a surrogate mother 15 months ago.\"It's difficult to be an only child, and to be the only child of someone famous,\" the Mirror quoted the singer as saying.\"I want him to have a sibling so that he has someone to be with.\"I know when he goes to school there is going to be an awful lot of pressure, and I know he's going to have people saying 'You don't have a mummy'.\"I want someone to be at his side to back him up,\" he said.John, currently touring, said that he gives Zachary his bath and tells bedtime story before he goes on stage.\"I know when I come off stage I am going to be happy,\" the singer said.\"I don't have to stay up doing drugs. I'm going to get up in the morning and see my little boy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "13751656", "title": "Haryana frames new rules for mining to facilitate construction", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: In a bid to restore mining in the state, the state government on Saturday made a comprehensive revision of its minor mineral concession rules by formulating Haryana Minor Mineral Concession, Stocking and Transportation of Minerals, and Prevention of Illegal Mining Rules, 2012.The new set of rules approved by Haryana cabinet on Friday will be notified by Monday, officials in mining and geology department said, adding that following this, the government will be able to start the process for restarting mining in the state.Haryana had been facing serious problems regarding availability of construction material due to mining operations virtually lying closed in the state since March, 2010. The new rules covers processes including shortlisting of contractors to steps to be taken by them for maintaining ecological balance during mining and creation of special corpus for creation of new zones, officials said.Authorities in mining department said that the new rules were framed in the wake of directions of Supreme Court and Punjab and Haryana high court on representations made by Haryana government, highlighting the losses suffered due non-availability of minerals, resulting into smuggling and increase in the cost of construction.\"There have been a number of legal challenges before the Punjab and Haryana high court and Supreme Court with regard to mining issues in Haryana. Supreme Court had directed all states to revise their minor mineral concession rules keeping in view the guidelines issued by the ministries of mines and environment &amp; forests within a period of six months vide orders dated February 2, 2012,'' an official release issued by Haryana government on Saturday evening said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13758966", "title": "Medical technician giving fake reports nabbed", "text": "GONDIA: A medical technician who claimed to be the franchisee of a leading investigation institute in Mumbai was caught red-handed at the residence of a patient he had been cheating for the last month by giving fake blood analysis reports.Vishal Umaprasad Rao (27) used to fleece patients by claiming to be the franchisee of Thyrocare Institute of Mumbai. Anita, wife of lawyer Mahesh Chandwani, was feeling weakness since the last week of April. She was taken to Dr Harish Bajaj's clinic at Ramnagar on May 4. After examination, he suggested her to go in for blood tests for tuberculosis , GI and GMs. Since the examination was to be done while fasting, the doctor suggested her to call a medical technician to collect blood from home. After being contacted by Chandwani, Vishal Rao came to their residence on May 5, collected blood samples and charged Rs 800.Vishal told the couple that since the samples were to be sent to Mumbai it would take some days for getting the investigation reports. He gave the reports on May 9 which were normal. However, Anita was still unwell. Dr Bajaj then asked them to get thyroid tests done. This time again Vishal took blood samples on May 21 and charged Rs 300. He gave the report on May 30 which was positive for thyroid. However, the report was in the name of Kavita and not Anita and the date of blood sample collection was shown as May 22 which was in fact taken a day earlier.When Chandwani brought this fact to the notice of Vishal, he said that it could be a typing mistake. But Chandwani was not satisfied and he searched the reports and barcode on the website of the institute. He found that the report given by Vishal belonged to Mrs Sharda. This meant that the report given by Vishal was manipulated and false. A suspicious Chandwani then tracked the first report only to find that it belonged to Khema Sindhupe.Dr Bajaj and Chandwani then called Vishal on the pretext of giving blood samples on June 1. Vishal admitted to the crime when he was shown the discrepancies. These reports were signed by Dr Durgaprasad Agrawal and Dr Kesar Sen Gupta.Chandwani told TOI that the trap was laid with the help of Dr Bajaj and the police. A case under sections 417,418, 520, 465, 468, 471 and 109 IPC was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13774463", "title": "Navy creates new post to harness space-based capabilities", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Navy has created a new post of assistant chief of naval staff (communications, space and network-centric operations) with an eye on the future in which space-based military capabilities will play a critical role in all conflicts.Rear Admiral Kishan K Pandey has taken over as the first ACNS (CSNCO) at Navy HQs here. The move also comes ahead of the planned launch of India's first military satellite, a naval communications and surveillance satellite, this year.\"Communications technology in tandem with space-based capabilities play a pivotal and transformational role in modern warfare. Recognising the critical need to harness these technological capabilities, the Indian Navy has been taking rapid steps to seamlessly integrate all combat platforms and terrestrial nodes through state-of-the art communications and space systems towards network-centric operations,\" said an officer.\"In addition to making platforms and infrastructure for network centricity, the Navy has also made organisational changes to create and efficiently manage the transition to seamless network-centric capabilities. The creation of the new post is a step in the process to migrate from a 'Platform Centric Navy' to a ' Network Enabled Navy',\" he added.For nearly five years, Rear Admiral Pandey, a communications and electronic warfare specialist, has been spearheading various prestigious projects at the Directorate of Naval Signals related with building the critical network-centric capabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13754230", "title": "8 foetuses found stuffed in bag near Sipur lake", "text": "INDORE: Hardly has the controversy over unethical drug trials has died down, here is another shocker. Eight foetuses, two to eight months old and one uterus, were reportedly found dumped near Sirpur lake on the Dhar road, some 20 km from the city on Saturday. The health department has ordered a probe into the incident.The incident came to light when a passerby, identified as Subhash Yadav, reportedly found some stray dogs gnawing foetuses, stuffed in a gunny bag. Without wasting time, he reported the matter to the local police. On opening the bag, the police reportedly found foetuses packed in plastic jars. The police took the foetuses to the district hospital for further investigation. The medical officials, sources said, asked the cops to take the foetuses to the Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital for post-mortem.Chief medical and health officer Dr Sharad Pandit remained unavailable for comments on the matter. However, civil surgeon Dr A P Srivastava said, \"The foetuses appear two to eight month old. We have referred them to the forensic department for further investigation.\"Strangely, the health officials were unaware of the incident till the district administration gave them a dressing down and asked them to immediately look into the incident.The Chandan Nagar police have registered an FIR and recorded the statement of the man, who reported the matter to the police. The police will try to find out who dumped the bag there. The post-mortem report pointed out that these were not the fresh foetuses and were used by some institute, pathological labs for study purpose. Prima facie experts believe that it was improper disposal.Dr P S Thakur, a forensic expert and associate professor at Mahatma Gandhi Medical College, said, \"It seems that someone used them for study purpose. We could determine the sex of four foetuses as they were below four months old. It looks more of an improper disposal than foeticide.\"However, health experts suspected the involvement of authorities. They said sex could be determined right after eight weeks of pregnancy. One of the senior doctors, on condition of anonymity, said, \"There are at least five tests of sex determination. It is a shameful act and violators should be prosecuted. People are raising the issue via media and such things are showing the ugly side of our society while authorities are trying to sweep the matter under the carpet.\"The district administration was quick to order an enquiry to find out the people behind the incident. ADM Alok Singh said, \"Findings of the doctors suggest that they are not fresh foetuses. It is the work of a few immature people. I have ordered an inquiry into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13754824", "title": "Two killed, 15 hurt in fire at temple fest", "text": "TRICHY: Two people were killed and more than 15 others suffered burn injuries when bundles of crackers caught fire at a temple festival at Jayankondam in Ariyalur district on Friday.Police said a procession was being taken out at the Mahamariamman temple at Kodangudi village when a spark from a cracker landed in the 'pandal' where more crackers were kept. They burst into flames and the fire engulfed the area. The devotees started running in panic.While Govindasamy (60) of Kazhuvanthodi died on the spot, Saroja (66) of Keezhachinthamani died of severe burn injuries while being taken to hospital. As many as 15 devotees sustained burns. Punitha (16), Ganesan(40), Radhakrishnan (63), Manikandan (33), Ramu(45), Selvadurai (40) and Ilamaran(45), who were injured severely, were admitted to the Thanjavur Medical College and Hospital around midnight, while the other injured are undergoing treatment at the Jayankondam government hospital.Some of the shops in the vicinity of the temple were razed to the ground.On receiving the information, the T Pazhoor police as well as fire and rescue services personnel rushed to the spot and began rescue operations. A case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13754883", "title": "DMK cadres create flutter after raid try", "text": "MADURAI: DMK cadres in Dindigul district gheraoed the police personnel who went to the house of former DMK minister I Periyasamy on Saturday morning, in an attempt to raid the premises.A team of policemen went to the house of the former revenue and housing minister in Ashok Nagar in Dindigul led by DSP Suruliraj. The team was informed that the DMK leader was away and that only the ladies were at home. When the police forced themselves into the house to search the premises, the party cadres of Dindigul led by urban district secretary Basheer Ahamed who came there demanded that they be shown the search warrant.They shouted slogans and asked the police to leave the premises when they were not shown the warrant. The incident caused a flutter in this region.It may be recalled that vigilance officials in May raided the houses of the former minister and his relatives in parts of Dindigul district in connection with disproportionate assets case.The DVAC has then registered a case against Periyasamy, who is also the DMK's Dindigul district secretary and MLA, under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. He was charged with accumulating wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income during his tenure as minister in 2006-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13749502", "title": "Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik appeals to governor for probe into BHEL work order", "text": "RANCHI: A delegation of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik, led by former chief minister Babulal Marandi, on Saturday met governor Syed Ahmed and demanded a probe into the alleged irregularity in allotment of work to the Bharat Heavy Electrical Limited (BHEL) by the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB).The delegation alleged that the JSEB allotted the renovation and maintenance work of Sikidri Hydel Power Project to the BHEL at an exponential rate and also violated guidelines of the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC). All senior leaders of the party were present in the delegation which demanded probe by a high-powered committee consisting of at least three secretaries excluding state energy secretary.Coming out of the Raj Bhawan, Marandi said recently the JSEB awarded the maintenance work of the hydel power plant to the BHEL 10 times the estimate prepared by engineers of the board. \"We have documentary evidence that the JSEB engineers had prepared project report according to which the total cost of renovation for both the units would have been around Rs 2.6 crore. The JSEB management turned down the project report and gave the work to the BHEL which would cost the state exchequer around Rs 24 crore,\" said Marandi.\"We informed the governor that the JSEB had allotted the same work to the BHEL in 2005 for Rs 65 lakh,\" he said adding that the JSEB management violated the guidelines set by the CVC which permit 10% advance and that too after taking a bank guarantee of 110%. The JSEB did not take any bank guarantee from the BHEL.\"The governor accepted our memorandum and patiently heard the matter. He assured us that he would ensure a proper inquiry in the matter,\" said Marandi.Party's general Pradeep Yadav said if the government fails to come clear on the matter, he would then file a writ in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "itanagar/ guwahati", "code": "13749170", "title": "Bangladesh keen on power import from Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR/ GUWAHATI: At a meeting with a delegation from the northeast in Dhaka on Thursday, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina evinced a keen interest in importing power from Arunachal Pradesh once the ongoing hydroelectric projects in the state are commissioned. The NE team included Arunachal chief Minister Nabam Tuki and his Meghalaya counterpart Mukul Sangma. A Central Power Grid, which would include Bangladesh officials, is proposed to be established to transmit electricity from Arunachal to Bangladesh and officials from Dhaka will soon visit the state, sources said.During their interaction, Hasina voiced her strong resolve to work together with India for mutual development of the two countries through full cooperation to tap the potential of both the countries for mutual benefit in this globalized world. The PM expressed certainty that more tourists from her country would visit Arunachal Pradesh as Bangla people are fond of travelling and the state, with its immense natural potential, is a perfect destination for tourists.Mukul Sangma stressed on the need for opening more 'Border Haats' to boost socio-cultural bonding between the two neighbours, and thanked the Bangladesh PM for taking initiatives like opening of two such 'Haats' along the Bangladesh-Meghalaya border. Sangma also said that bamboo resources of North-Eastern states can be effectively utilized by Bangladesh as an alternative to timber and timber products. Sangma mentioned that the Dhaka-Sylhet-Shillong-Guwahati Bus Service project needs to be expedited as it would go a long way to develop tourism in the region.The High Commissioner of India, Pankaj Sharan, impressed by the state's ability to be tapped as a tourist and commercial destination, assured to market Arunachal in Bangladesh saying he would make tourism brochures, posters, information etc available free at his Dhaka office. He asked the state government to provide him with the required material, sources added. The Indian Chambers of Commerce (ICC) said the delegation raised crucial issues related to India-Bangladesh bilateral relations, like transit facilities for northeastern states through Bangladesh, appropriate infrastructure for facilitating access for Indian Exporters to Chittagong Port including missing rail and road links.The Indian delegation also included Tripura industry minister Jitendra Chaudhury, Assam public health engineering minister Gautam Roy and ICC-NER chairman M K Saharia, Abdul Matlub Ahmad among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13750848", "title": "Watch Venus in transit on Wednesday", "text": "NEW DELHI: For most in the city, this is going to be once in a lifetime experience. Quite literally so! Venus will pass through Sun and Earth on Wednesday morning, visible as a small black dot against the disk of the Sun. The event, called the transit of Venus, occurs in pairs eight years apart, only to come back over a century later. This makes it one of the rarest observable astronomical phenomena. The last transit, the first of this pair, happened in June 2004. The next pair of transits will be in December 2117 and December 2125.The transit can be observed from sunrise (5.22am) to 10.05am, with maximum visibility at 7.02am. Nehru Planetarium has a host of events planned around the celestial event that has a variety of organizations such as French embassy and Indian Council for Cultural Relations involved.On Wednesday, the planetarium will have telescopes with solar filters to safely observe the transit. Stargazers can also walk into one of the many projection arrangements in the Teen Murti campus. A team of the Amateur Astronomers' Association, Delhi, collaborating with the Vigyan Prasar and the Indian Institute of Astrophysics, Bangalore, will webcast the transit from the highest point for such observations-the Indian Astronomical Observatory in Hanle, Ladakh. The webcast can be viewed live at the NASA Sun-Earth Day website. There's more - you can catch all the action and the buildup on their Twitter account - @aaadelhi.\"Historically, in the 18th and 19th centuries, Venus transit provided an opportunity to make measurements of the distance between Earth and Sun. It is very inspiring to look at,\" says Dr N Rathnasree, director of Nehru Planetarium, Delhi.She adds, \"There will be a miniscule drop in Sun's luminosity as Venus progresses against it. When we observe other distant stars, the drop can be used as a benchmark to judge whether those stars have planets orbiting them.\"The Hubble telescope, too, will observe the drop in luminosity, but it won't have its eyes on the Sun. Considering its sensitivity, it will be pointed at the Moon measuring the Sun's light bouncing off it.For those who want to make the most of the experience, a special exhibition follows right after Venus is out of sight. Titled \"Voyages of Discovery\", the exhibition features observations of the transit of Mercury and Venus from India dating as far back as the 17th, 18th and 19th centuries.It is widely believed that the transit was first observed in 1639 in England. 'Siddhanta Tattva Viveka', an ancient Indian astronomy text also featured in the exhibition, discusses the possibility of a Venus and Mercury transit in 1631. Besides that slice of history, budding astronomers can also catch an 1874 video that captures the transit of Venus. The film, by French astronomer Pierre Jules Cesar Janssen, was shot as a series of images in Japan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13752693", "title": "Priyanka rebuilds house in the hills", "text": "SHIMLA: The construction of Priyanka Gandhi Vadra's dream house in the Chharabra village of Himachal Pradesh, about 12km from the capital city of Shimla, has started again after the previous structure was razed to the ground last year.Changes have been made in the interior as well as the exterior of the proposed two-and-a-half storey structure that would be in-sync with the architectural needs in the hills.The dream project of Priyanka is taking shape in the lush green surroundings of the sparsely-populated village that is home to cherry and apple trees. Construction started last week after all the proposed changes in the design were made. Two months back Priyanka had visited the site and held detailed discussions with the architects. She has bought four-and-a-half bigha of land in Chharabra to build her property.Sources close to Gandhi family said that after the previous structure was demolished last year, the construction of the house with changes has just begun. A vital change is that more wood will be used than cement.\"Size of the rooms has been reduced while the foundation has been dug deeper to strengthen it. The rooftop will be covered entirely with slates in accordance with hill architecture,\" sources said. Sources said Priyanka was unhappy with the small size of the drawing room in the structure and that part has now been taken care of.\"All the required permissions from the concerned authorities have been taken and the focus is on speeding-up the work,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13758449", "title": "Airport may soon get specialised security force", "text": "KOLKATA: The Union civil aviation ministry has written to the state government about its plans to raise an elite Airport Security Force (ASF) at Dum Dum airport. The detailed proposal has been sent to the state home department to keep Bengal in the loop as the Centre goes on an overdrive to enhance security in airports.The project by the Union civil aviation ministry will be implemented any time soon, depending on the recruitment. Thanks to their familiarity with the airports, officials and personnel from the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) will get the first preference followed by the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF).The exclusive force meant for the airport under the Airports Authority of India (AAI) and the civil aviation ministry will be set up on lines of the the Railway Protection Force (RPF) in the Indian Railways. Like the RPF, the ASF will be exclusively looking after the security of all airports and other civil aviation installations in the country. Currently, there are 129 airports in India, which are all run by the state-owned AAI.Operations of the ASF will be controlled by the airport director. The civil aviation ministry feels formation of the ASF will help management of the Dum Dum airport in its new avatar.For instance, the ASF will be there to help fliers caught in long queues at the security check-in. The AAI is unable to seek such help from the CISF, which has been responsible for security of all civil airports after the Indian Airlines flight IC 814 was hijacked in 1999.The CISF first took over the security of Jaipur airport in 2000. But being answerable only to their supervisors and not the local airport authority, CISF personnel can hardly take part in the daily operationsinside the airports.Any request related to daily problems may not be entertained by the CISF since they may not be sensitive enough and may treat them as internal issues of the airport. This often leads to conflicts between the CISF and the AAI.Once the ASFs take charge of airports, they will be armed with the knowledge and training for indoor management of airports and will be more sensible to tackle the insider problems. The ASF personnel will report directly to the airport director and take their instructions from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13760075", "title": "Kids of sex workers feted for doing well in exams", "text": "MYSORE: These two students excelled in education despite all odds. Children of sex workers didn't allow ground realities to come in their way of studies. On Saturday, Ashodaya Samithi, an NGO working for the welfare of sex workers, felicitated Jeevitha and Gagana for their achievement. Jeevitha, a student of People's Park School, has secured I Class in SSLC exams, while Gagana has passed II PU in second class.Ashok Alexander, country's director of Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Sushena Reza Paul, assistant professor at the University of Manitoba, who is an adviser of Ashodaya, felicitated the students for their efforts. Police inspector Rajanna, Pallavi and Shilpakala of Ashodaya were present.Ashok appreciated the projects taken up by the NGO, which the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is funding since 2004. What started as an initiative to prevent the spread of HIV/ AIDS in Mysore has extended its scope with the NGO focussing on the welfare of sex workers and their children.Ashok had been visiting Mysore to see the changes the members of the community have undergone through Ashodaya. He said: \"The students' feat is something that I had never dreamt.\"Some members shared their experiences, saying that they are happy partnering with the NGO. Padmamma said: \"We have come to know about our rights. We have got shelter and support from Ashodaya. We are united, and that is our greatest strength.\"Mahalaxmi said that Ashodaya has been helping them, and protecting the girls. The common opinion of the women was that they were supported of Ashodaya.(Names of the students have been changed to protect their identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "13748844", "title": "Court announces punishment for selling banned substance", "text": "BAHRAICH: Upper session judge (III) announced the imprisonment of 20 years and a penalty of rupees two lakh to an accused of selling the banned 'Dora powder', an edible addiction agent. If failed to pay the penalty, the accused would have to spend twenty more months in the jail. The court has announced the imprisonment of eight years and a penalty of eighty thousand rupees to another accused on charges of selling the material.Reportedly Krishna Gopal Maurya, resident of Jubilee Ganj area under Nanpara Kotwali was caught by special operation group (SOG) while selling the banned Dora powder on October 18. Nearly 41 kg of Dora powder in two bags and 13.35 quintals of Dora skin were recovered from his possession. The police termed the accused a notorious criminal, while filing the charge-sheet in the court. Upper session judge SN Tripathi held the charges correct and announced the rigorous imprisonment of 20 years and a penalty of rupees two lakh, the imprisonment would be extended for 20 more months if he fails to pay the penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-03"}
